THE

Statutes at Large,

From the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of

KING GEORGE the THIRD,

To the End of the Fifth and Concluding Session of the Eighteenth and last Parliament of Great Britain, held in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of

KING GEORGE the THIRD.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE of the TITLES of all the Public and Private

Statutes during that Time.

WITH A COPIOUS INDEX.

Being a FOURTEENTH VOLUME to Mr. Runnington's Edition,

and a EIGHTEENTH to Mr. Ruffhead’s.

Completing those Editions to the Union of Great Britain and Ireland.

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's Most Excellent Majesty:

And by Andrew Strahan, Law Printer to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty.

MDCCC.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Public and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of GEORGE III.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

Anno Regni 39 Georgii III.

1. An Act for settling and securing a certain annuity on Horatio Nelson lord Nelson, and the two next persons to whom the title of baron Nelson of the Nile, and of Burnham Thorpe in the county of Norfolk, shall descend, in consideration of the eminent service performed by the said Horatio Nelson lord Nelson, to his Majesty and the publick. Page 1.

2. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine. Ibid.

3. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a duty on pensions, offices, and personal estates, in England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed; and certain duties on sugar, malt, tobacco, and snuff; for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine. 2

4. An Act further to continue, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, an act passed in the session of parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter seventy, videlicet, On the sixth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the better prevention and punishment of attempts to seduce persons serving in his Majesty's forces, by sea or land, from their duty and allegiance to his Majesty, or to incite them to mutiny or disobedience. Page 11.

5. An Act to continue, until the expiration of one month after the commencement of the next session of parliament, an act passed in the last session of parliament, chapter sixty-six, videlicet, On the twenty-first day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, intituled An act for empowering his Majesty for a time and to an extent to be limited, to accept the services of such parts of his military forces in this kingdom as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Ireland. Ibid.

6. An Act to enlarge the time limited for the redemption of the land tax; and to explain and amend an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for making perpetual, subject to redemption and purchase in the manner therein stated, the several sums of money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax, for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight. Ibid.

7. An Act for raising the sum of three millions by way of annuities. 22

8. An Act for extending the time allowed for taking out certificates for using or wearing armorial bearings or ensigns, until the fifteenth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine. 23

9. An Act to continue, until the first day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an act, made in the last session of parliament, chapter seven, on the second day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, intituled An act to continue, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, two several acts, passed in the session of parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, the one, chapter thirty-two, on the tenth day of March, and the other, chapter sixty-one, on the twenty-fifth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for suspending, for a limited time, the operation of certain acts, made in the fifteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty for refraining the negotiation of promissory notes and bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain called England; and also to amend the said act, and further to continue the same, so amended, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine. Page 23

10. An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and amend an act passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter two, videlicet, On the thirtieth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, intituled An act to continue, until the expiration of thirty days after the commencement of the next session of parliament of the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter one hundred and thirty-seven, videlicet, On the twentieth of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, intituled, 'An act to continue an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled, "An act to revive and continue for a limited time, and amend an act passed in the present session of parliament, intituled, "An act to allow the banks, and certain banking companies, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue notes for sums under a certain amount, for a limited time; and for indemnifying all persons who have issued notes for small sums of money in that part of the united kingdom" for a limited time.' 24

11. An Act for allowing further time for the payment of instalments to become due on certain sums advanced by way of loan, to certain persons connected with and trading to the islands of Grenada and Saint Vincents. Ibid.

12. An Act to continue, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, an act passed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter fifteen, videlicet, On the sixteenth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and also an act passed in the same year, chapter eighty, videlicet, On the twenty-second day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and also another act passed in the thirty-sixth year of his present Majesty, chapter seventy-six, videlicet, On the fourteenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, relating to the admission of certain articles of merchandize in neutral ships, and the issuing of orders in council for that purpose; and to continue, for the same period, an act passed in the session of parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter twenty-one, videlicet, On the twenty-eighth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, authorising his Majesty to make regulations respecting the trade and commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope. 29

13. An Act to repeal the duties imposed by an act, made in the last session of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war; and to make more effectual provision for the like purpose, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties. Page 29

14. An Act for exempting, during the present war, certain persons, serving in volunteer corps, from being ballotted for the supplementary militia, under certain conditions; and for making out new lists of men liable to serve in the said militia. 57

15. An Act to continue, until the twenty-first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his person and government. 61

16. An Act to revive and continue, until thirty days after the commencement of the next session of parliament, an act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter seventy-six, videlicet, On the seventeenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, intituled An act for establishing courts of judicature in the island of Newfoundland, and the islands adjacent. Ibid.

17. An Act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for those purposes, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or having been damped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to provide admissions duly stamped; to permit such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first day of Michaelmas term one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; to allow to such persons who have omitted to pay the duties on the indentures and contracts of clerks, apprentices, or servants, until the twenty-second day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, for payment of the same; to indemnify attornies who have omitted to enter their certificates according to law, and for allowing them, until the first day of Easter term, to enter the same with the proper officer; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for that purpose, until the first day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine. Ibid.

18. An Act for raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine. 62

19. An Act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred. Ibid.

20. An Act for the punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. Ibid.

21. An Act to amend and render more effectual two acts, passed in the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign and the present session of parliament, for the redemption and purchase of the land tax. 65

22. An Act for extending the time for returning statements under an act passed in the present session of parliament, intituled An act to repeal the duties imposed by an act, made in the last session of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war, and to make more effectual provision for the like purpose, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties; and to amend the said act. Page 73

23. An Act to repeal certain parts of three acts, made in the thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for raising a provisional force of cavalry; and for making further provision respecting such part of the provisional cavalry of this kingdom as is now actually called out and embodied. 89

24. An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of May next, an act, made in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter nine, videlicet, On the fourth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, for continuing several acts, made in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh, and in the thirty-eighth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for suspending the operation of certain acts, made in the fifteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for restraining the negotiation of promissory notes and bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain called England. 94

25. An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of May next, an act, passed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter ten, videlicet, On the Fourth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, for continuing several acts for allowing the banks, and certain banking companies, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue notes for sums under a certain amount. Ibid.

26. An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred, an act, pasted in the session of parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter seventy-six, videlicet, On the sixth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for disallowing the bounty on the exportation to Ireland of sail cloth or canvas of the manufacture of Great Britain. Ibid.

27. An Act to revive and continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred, an act passed in the session of parliament of the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter seventy-two, videlicet, On the sixth of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for prohibiting the importation of cambricks and French lawns into this kingdom, not being the manufacture of Ireland, except for the purpose of being warehoused for exportation. Ibid.

28. An Act to continue, until the twenty-fourth say of June one thousand eight hundred, an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, chapter fifteen, videlicet, On the thirteenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, for granting a bounty on certain species of British and Irish linens exported; and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax. Ibid.

29. An Act for enabling his Majesty to settle an annuity of twelve thousand pounds on his royal highness prince Edward, and a like annuity of twelve thousand pounds on his royal highness prince Ernest Augustus, during his Majesty pleasure. Ibid.

30. An Act to enable his Majesty to settle on her royal highness the princess Amelia, part of the annuity of thirty thousand pounds per annum, which his Majesty was enabled to settle on their royal highnesses his Majesty's other daughters, out of the hereditary revenues, by virtue of an act passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty. Page 95

31. An Act to continue, until the tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and amend an act passed in the last session of parliament, chapter ninety-two, videlicet, On the twenty-ninth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, for granting to his Majesty additional duties on distilleries in the several parts of the highlands of Scotland, for a limited time, and for regulating the duties on distilleries in the respective districts in Scotland; and for granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on spirits distilled for consumption, and a duty on unmalted grain used in distillation in Scotland. Ibid.

32. An Act to permit ships to sail from certain ports of the island of Newfoundland, and from the coast of Labrador, without convoy. Ibid.

33. An Act for raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine. 96

34. An Act for repealing two acts, passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, which limit the time for killing partridges in England and Scotland; and for amending so much of an act passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to such limitation within that part of Great Britain called England, by making other provisions for that purpose. Ibid.

35. An Act for exempting, during the present war, persons serving in volunteer corps and associations, from being ballotted for the militia, under certain conditions. 97

36. An Act for increasing the rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers and others on quartering soldiers. 100

37. An Act for remedying certain defects in the law respecting offences committed upon the high seas. Ibid.

38. An Act to continue, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and four, and amend an act, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for allowing the importation of rape feed, and other feeds used for extracting oil, whenever the prices of middling British rape feed shall be above a certain limit; and to continue several laws relating to the allowing the importation of seal skins cured with foreign salt, free of duty, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and four; to the more effectual encouragement of the manufactures of flax and cotton in Great Britain, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and three; and so much of an act, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for better securing the duties on glass, as was to continue in force for a limited time, until the fifth day of June one thousand eight hundred. Ibid.

39. An Act to amend an act, made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty certain stamp duties on indentures of clerkships to solicitors and attornies, in any of the courts in England, therein-mentioned. 101

40. An Act to amend so much of three acts, made in the last and present sections of parliament, for making perpetual, subject to redemption and purchase, the several sums of money charged as a land tax, as relates to that part of Great Britain called Scotland. Ibid.

41. An Act for raising an additional sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine. Page 104.

42. An Act to enable the commercial commissioners appointed to carry into execution certain acts for granting duties upon income, to extend the time limited by the said acts for receiving returns of income; and for explaining and amending the said acts. 105

43. An Act for enlarging the time limited by certain acts passed for the redemption of the land tax, for receiving contracts and making transfers of stock thereon, and for explaining and amending the said acts. 108

44. An Act for further continuing, until the first day of March one thousand eight hundred, an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his person and government. 110

45. An Act for making perpetual so much of an act made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter seventy-four, videlicet, On the twenty-sixth day of November one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, intituled An act to explain and amend the laws relating to transportation, imprisonment, and other punishment of certain offenders, as relates to the punishment of burning in the hand of certain persons convicted of felony within the benefit of clergy. 112

46. An Act for making perpetual so much of an act made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter seventy-four, videlicet, On the twenty-sixth day of November one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, intituled An act to explain and amend the laws relating to the transportation, imprisonment, and other punishment of certain offenders, as relates to the lodgings of judges at county assizes. Ibid.

47. An Act to continue, until the fifth day of July next, an act, made in the present session of parliament, chapter twenty-four, videlicet, On the twenty-first day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, for continuing several acts, made in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh and in the thirty-eighth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for suspending the operation of certain acts, made in the fifteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for restraining the negotiation of promissory notes and bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain called England. 113

48. An Act to continue, until the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an act passed in the present session of parliament, for continuing several acts for allowing the banks, and certain banking companies, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue notes for sums under a certain amount. Ibid.

49. An Act to extend the bail to be given in cases of criminal information, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland. Ibid.

50. An Act for making perpetual an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the further relief of debtors, with respect to the imprisonment of their persons; and to oblige debtors, who shall continue in execution in prison beyond a certain time, and for sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the act, to make discovery, and deliver, upon oath, their estates for their creditors benefit. 114

51. An Act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, several laws relating to the transportation of felons and other offenders, and to the authorising the removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement in England and Scotland respectively. Page 114

52. An Act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, so much of an act, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter seventy-four, videlicet, On the twenty-sixth day of November one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, intituled An act to explain and amend the laws relating to the transportation, imprisonment, and other punishment of certain offenders, as relates to penitentiary houses. Ibid.

53. An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, so much of an act, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for rendering the payment of creditors more equal and expeditious in that part of Great Britain called Scotland. 115

54. An Act to indemnify all persons who may have incurred penalties or forfeitures under an act passed in the second year of the reign of the King James the First, intituled An act concerning tanners, curriers, shoemakers, and other artificers occupying the cutting of leather; and to repeal parts of the said act, relating to the buying of hides. Ibid.

55. An Act for encouraging the improvement of lands subject to the servitude of thirlage, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland. 116

56. An Act to explain and amend the laws relative to colliers in that part of Great Britain called Scotland. 119

57. An Act for indemnifying governors, lieutenant governors, and persons acting as such in the West India islands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms. 120

58. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant a certain annuity to sir James Marriott knight, late judge of the high court of admiralty, in consideration of his diligent and faithful services in the execution of that office. Ibid.

59. An Act for permitting certain goods, imported from the East Indies, to be warehoused; and for repealing the duties now payable thereon and granting other duties in lieu thereof. 121

60. An Act for raising the sum of fifteen millions five hundred thousand pounds by way of annuities. 127

61. An Act to repeal the duty granted by an act of the last session of parliament on raw linen yarn, the produce of the territories of the king of Prussia, and imported directly from thence into this kingdom; and for charging another duty in lieu thereof. Ibid.

62. An Act to amend an act made in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, and two acts made in the last session of parliament, for raising a militia force in that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland. 128

63. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on sugar imported and exported, and on coffee exported; and for reducing the drawbacks now allowed on the exportation of sugar. 130

64. An Act for granting to his Majesty the sum of two hundred thousand pounds, to be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt. 132

65. An Act for allowing, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and five, a further bounty upon pilchards exported; and for amending an act made in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for transferring the management of the salt duties to the commissioners of excise. Page 133

66. An Act for placing the salaries of the sheriff deputes and substitutes of Scotland, upon the Scots civil list establishment. 137

67. An Act to enable such person as his Majesty shall please to appoint to the vacant office of a baron of the exchequer, to take upon himself the degree of a serjeant at law. Ibid.

68. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of three millions for the uses and purposes therein-mentioned. 138

69. An Act for raising the sum of three millions five hundred thousand pounds by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine. Ibid.

70. An Act for raising the sum of three millions, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine. Ibid.

71. An Act to enable the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury to issue exchequer bills to a limited amount, on the credit of such monies as shall arise by virtue of an act of this session, for granting certain duties on income. Ibid.

72. An Act to amend an act made in the present session of parliament, intituled An act to repeal the duties imposed by an act made in the last session of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war; and to make more effectual provision for the like purpose, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties, so far as relates to the assessments made upon trustees, agents, receivers, and guardians. Ibid.

73. An Act for exempting certain specifick legacies which shall be given to bodies corporate, or other publick bodies, from the payment of duty; and also the legacy of books and other articles given by the will of the late reverend Clayton Mordaunt Cracherode to the trustees of the British museum. 139

74. An Act for further continuing until the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and three, an act, made in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to enable the lord high treasurer, or commissioners of the treasury for the time being, to let to farm the duties granted by an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, on horses let to hire for travelling post, and by time, to such persons as should be willing to contract for the same. Ibid.

75. An Act for reviving and making perpetual an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to prohibit the importation of light silver coin of this realm from foreign countries into Great Britain or Ireland; and to restrain the tender thereof beyond a certain sum. 140

76. An Act for the more secure conveyance of ship letters, and for granting to his Majesty certain rates of portage thereon. Ibid.

77. An Act for repealing the duties on salt made in Scotland, and on salt imported from Scotland into England and Wales, and granting other duties in lieu thereof. 141

78. An Act to continue, until the tenth day of November one thousand eight hundred, and amend an act passed in the present session of parliament, for continuing an act of the last session of parliament, for granting to ins Majesty additional duties on distilleries, in the several parts of the highlands of Scotland, for a limited time; and for regulating the duties on distilleries in the respective districts in Scotland; and for granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on spirits distilled for consumption, and a duty on unmalted grain used in distillation in Scotland. Page 142

79. An Act for the more effectual suppression of societies established for seditious and treasonable purposes; and for better preventing treasonable and seditious practices. 146

80. An Act for better regulating the manner of carrying slaves, in British vessels, from the coast of Africa. 155

81. An Act to prevent unlawful combinations of workmen. 164

82. An Act to explain and amend an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, two several acts, passed in the thirty-fourth and thirty-fifth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better ordering the militia of the city of London, and for further regulating the trained bands or militia of the said city. 168

83. An Act for transferring to the commissioners for auditing the publick accounts, the duties now performed in the offices of the auditors of the land revenue; and for directing the mode of attesting the accounts of the paymaster general of his Majesty's forces. 172

84. An Act to enable the lords commissioners of the treasury to contract with the most noble Charles duke of Richmond, for the absolute purchase of the property of the said duke, and all others interested, in a certain duty of twelve-pence per chaldron on coals shipped in the river Tyne, to be consumed in England, and to grant a compensation for the same, by way of annuity, payable out of the consolidated fund. 174

85. An Act to protect masters against embezzlements by their clerks or servants. 175

86. An Act for ascertaining the rate of duty to be paid for retail spirit licences; and for authorising the justices of the peace for any county to grant licences to sell ale, beer, or other liquors, by retail, in cities and places where a sufficient number of magistrates cannot be found qualified to grant such licences. Ibid.

87. An Act for enabling his Majesty to prohibit the exportation, and permit the importation, of corn, and for allowing the importation of other articles of provision, without payment of duty, to continue in force until six weeks from the commencement of the next session of parliament. 177

88. An Act for erecting the county of Edinburgh into a separate districts, for the purpose of regulating the importation and exportation of corn. 178

89. An Act for regulating the manner in which the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, shall hire and take up ships for their regular service. 179

90. An Act to amend two acts, passed in the twenty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of the reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the militia of the counties of Middlesex and Surrey; and for applying certain monies remaining in the hands of the clerks to the deputy lieutenants of the county of Middlesex, and other persons, towards the completing of the said militia. 180

91. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by lottery. 182

92. An Act for altering the period of making up the annual account of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper. Ibid.

93. An Act to repeal so much of an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of queen Anne, and also so much of an act passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, as puts an end to the forfeiture of inheritances upon attainder of treason, after the death of the pretender and his sons. Page 183

94. An Act to ascertain the salary of the master and worker of his Majesty's mint. Ibid.

95. An Act to permit goods the produce of any foreign colony in America, imported directly from thence in any ship or vessel belonging to the subjects of any country or place in amity with his Majesty, to be entered and landed without payment of the duty granted by an act of the last session of parliament, for the better protection of the trade of this kingdom. 184

96. An Act to enable Matthew Boulton, engineer, to export the machinery necessary for erecting a mint in the dominions of his imperial Majesty, the emperor of all the Russias. 185

97. An Act for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine. Ibid.

98. An Act to allow the importation of Spanish wool, in ships belonging to countries in amity with his Majesty. Ibid.

99. An Act to encourage the trade into the Levant Seas, by providing a more convenient mode of performing quarantine, and for reducing the duty granted by an act of the last session, on goods the manufacture of Great Britain, exported to any place within the streights of Gibraltar. 186

100. An Act to revive and continue, until the end of the next session of parliament, an act, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to continue and amend an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the more effectual encouragement of the British fisheries; and to amend an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for extending the fisheries, and improving the sea coast of this kingdom. 187

101. An Act to continue several laws relating to the further support and encouragement of the fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred, and to the discontinuing the duties payable on the importation of tallow, hog's lard, and grease until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six. 188

102. An Act to revive and continue, until the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, the bounties granted by an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for encouraging the fisheries carried on at Newfoundland, and parts adjacent, from Great Britain and Ireland, and the British dominions in Europe. Ibid.

103. An Act for making allowances in certain cases to subaltern officers of the militia in time of peace. 189

104. An Act to amend an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled An act to enable his Majesty to grant commissions to a certain number of foreign protestants, who have served abroad as officers or engineers, to act and rank as officers or engineers in America only, under certain restrictions and qualifications. 189

105. An Act to continue and amend so much of an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, as permits sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to carry on the manufacture of Maidstone Geneva. Ibid.

106. An Act for the reduction of the militia forces, at the time and in the manner therein limited for enabling his Majesty more effectually to increase his regular forces, for the vigorous prosecution of the war; and for amending the laws relating to the militia. Page 189

107. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain stamp duties on bills of exchange and promissory notes for small sums of money. 198

108. An Act to amend and render more effectual several acts for the redemption and purchase of the land tax. 204

109. An Act for better recruiting the forces of the East India company. 208

110. An Act for the augmentation of the salaries of the judges of the courts in Westminster Hall, and also of the lords of session, lords of of justiciary, and barons of exchequer, in Scotland; and for enabling his Majesty to grant annuities to persons in certain offices in the said courts of Westminster Hall, on their resignation of their respective offices. 212

111. An Act to permit, until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and two, the importation of certain naval stores from Hamburgh, and other ports of Germany. 215

112. An Act to enable his Majesty, by order in council, to permit, until six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, such goods as shall be specified in such order to be imported into this kingdom, in neutral ships. 216

113. An Act to enable such persons as his Majesty may be pleased to appoint to the office of chief justice, or of one of the justices of either bench, or of chief baron, or one of the barons of the exchequer, to take upon themselves the degree of a serjeant at law in vacation. Ibid.

114. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund, for applying certain sums of money therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament. Ibid.

PUBLIC LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

Anno Regni 39 Georgii III.

i. AN Act to enable Thomas Coutts Esquire, Banker, to make a Communication between his Buildings on the opposite Sides of William-Street, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, by a covered Passage to be built over the said Street. Page 218.

ii. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rebuilding the Pier of Margate in the Isle of Thanet in the County of Kent; and for other Purposes mentioned in the said Act. Ibid.

iii. An Act for making and maintaining the Road from or near Whiteburn in the County of Berwick, to the Town of Kelso in the County of Roxburgh, to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. Ibid.

iv. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Bridget, otherwise Saint Bride, Fleet-Street, in the City of London. Ibid.

v. An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, several Acts, passed in the ninth, fifteenth, twenty-sixth, and thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford. Ibid.

vi. An Act to enable the Lords of the Manor of Brixham, in the County of Devon, to repair and enlarge, or rebuild, the Pier or Quay at Brixham Quay, within the said Manor, to improve the Harbour there, to regulate the Moorings of Vessels therein, and to establish a Marker there. Page 218

vii. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Arable Lands, Intermixed Pastures, Open Fields, Half Year Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Upton, in the County of Norfolk, and such Part of the Open Fields, called Upton Field and Fishley Crofts as lie in the Parish of Fishley, in the said County, and for draining the same. Ibid.

viii. An Act for rendering more effectual an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and keeping in Repair a Road or Passage for Horses, on the Banks of the River Severn, between Bewdley Bridge and a Place called The Meadow Wharf, at Coalbrook Dale, for baling and drawing Vessels along the said River; and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

ix. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two several Acts, the one made and passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Knaresbrough, in the County of York, by Long Flatt Lane, Gouldsbrough Fields, Flaxby, Allerton Mauleverer, and Scate Moor, to Greenhammerton, in the same County, and for making the same a High Carriage Road. Ibid.

x. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Terms and altering and enlarging the Powers, of three several Acts, passed in the fourteenth and twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross, and also from Ferrybridge to Wetherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge, in the County of York, so far as the same relate to the Road between Ferrybridge and Wetherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge. 219

xi. An Act to continue for the Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Evesham Bridge, in the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester, to The Globe Inn in Alcester, in the County of Warwick. Ibid.

xii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the Towns of Nottingham and Derby, so far as relates to the Road leading from Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge in the Town of Derby, and from the Guide Post in the Parish of Lenton to Sawley Ferry. Ibid.

xiii. An Act to continue, for the Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and for altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Kilburn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to Sparrow's Herne, in the County of Hertford. Page 219

xiv. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and increasing, altering, and enlarging the Powers, of two several Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, through the said Town, to the South End of the Town of Derby in the County of Derby. Ibid.

xv. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending; widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of Much Wenlock and from Gleeton Hill to Cressage, in the County of Salop. Ibid.

xvi. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from The Birches Brook to Buildwas Bridge, and from thence to join the Watling Street Turnpike Road at Tern Bridge in the County of Salop, so far as relates to the last mentioned Road. Ibid.

xvii. An Act to continue, for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and to amend the Powers, of an Act passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Gosport, through Fareham and Wickham, to Bishop's Waltham, and from Wickham aforesaid to Chawton Pond, in the Parish of Chawton, all in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

xviii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the East End of the Town of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, through Watton to Broadwater, and from the Town of Ware, through Watton, to the North End of the Town of Walkern, in the said County. Ibid.

xix. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, the sixth and twenty-sixth Years of His late Majesty, and in the twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Hertford, and from the End of the Town of Hertford to Amwell End, near Ware, in the County of Hertford, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned. 220

xx. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the second and twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Weyhill, in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Lydeway, in the County of Wilts. Page 220

xxi. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering apd enlarging the Powers, of three several Acts, passed in the fourteenth and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road from Selby to Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xxii. An Act for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Dumfries and Roxburgh, to continue in Force for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. Ibid.

xxiii. An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Lea, at or near a Place called Jeremy's Ferry, and for making, repairing, and widening, Roads from thence into the Great Roads at Snaresbrooke in the County of Essex, and at Clapton in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

xxiv. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the third and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Kirkby Kendall, in the County of Westmoreland, to Kirkby Ireleth, in the County of Lancaster. Ibid.

xxv. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, through Oldham to Austerlands, in the Parish of Saddleworth, in the County of York, and from Oldham to Ashton-under-Lyne, and from Oldham to the Village of Royton, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

xxvi. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Foston Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham. Ibid.

xxvii. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Loch Gilp to Loch Crinan in the Shire of Argyll. Ibid.

xxviii. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Severn, from or near Cressage, in the County of Salop, to the opposite Shore; and for making proper Roads or Avenues to and from the same. Ibid.

xxix. An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Rowers, of two Acts made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Coleham Bridge, in Shrewsbury, to the Market Place in Church Stretton, and to the Top of Lythwood Hill, and from Pulley Common to the Maypole in Condover; and from Coleham Bridge to Longdon, and from the Fifth Milestone near Longdon, to the Turnpike Gate at Castle Pulverbatch, in the County of Salop. Ibid.

xxx. An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Brown's-Lane, in Great Stoughton in the County of Huntingdon, to the Way Post near Wellingborough Bridge in the County of Northampton, and from the Pound in Kimbolton to the Way Post near Brington Bridge, in the said County of Huntingdon. 221

xxxi. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, for repairing the Road from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Lewes, and certain other Roads in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

xxxii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Newark-upon-Trent, in the County of Nottingham, to join the Turnpike Road from Nottingham to Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, near the Guide Post on the Foss Road near Bingham, in the said County of Nottingham. Ibid.

xxxiii. An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and to alter, enlarge, and repeal some of the Provisions of two Acts, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing of the Roads from an Intrenchment on Askerwell Hill, through Bridport to Penn Inn, from Bridport to Beaminster, from the North End of the South Street of Bridport to Bridport Harbour, from the North Turnpike Gate at Beaminster to Beaminster Wood, otherwise Wood Common, and to Lettham's Water, all in the County of Dorset. Ibid.

xxxiv. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Dapden Wharf, in the Parish of Stoke, next Guldeford, through Guldeford, to Andrew's Cross, and to Alfold Bars, in the County of Surrey, and from thence to New Bridge, in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

xxxv. An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then.next Session of Parliament, the Term, and to alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Gander-Lane in the County of Derby, to Sheffield in the County of York, and from Mosorough-Green to Clown, both in the said County of Derby. Ibid.

xxxvi. An Act for better supplying the Town and Port of Liverpool with Water, from certain Springs in the Township of Bootle, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

xxxvii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two several Acts, the one passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the North East Corner of Nuffield Common, by the Parish Church of Nuffield, otherwise Tuffield, in the County of Oxford, through Wallingford to Wantage, and from thence to Farringdon, in the County of Berks. Page 221

xxxviii. An Act for altering, enlarging, and repealing some of the Provisions in an Act passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, and other Roads adjoining thereto, in the County of Somerset; and also for extending the Provisions of the said Act to a Road from Tucker's Gate, in the Parish of Lyng, to Piper's Inn, in the Parish of Ashcott, in the said County of Somerset. Ibid.

xxxix. An Act for continuing for thirty-eight Years, and rendering more effectual several Acts for charging a Duty of two Pennies Scots (or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling) on every Pint of Ale and Beer vended or sold within the Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, and Privileges thereof. 222

xl. An Act for continuing for thirty-eight Years, and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for continuing the Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer vended or sold within the City of Glasgow, and Village of Gorbals, and Liberties and Privileges thereof. Ibid.

xli. An Act for better regulating and employing the Poor, and for more effectually watching the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn which lies above the Bars, in the County of Middlesex, and the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the said County. Ibid.

xlii. An Act for the better and more effectual Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Samford, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

xliii. An Act for more effectually repairing and amending the Road leading from Long Horseley Bar or Gate, on the Post Road near the Town of Morpeth, by or through Long Horseley, Weldon Bridge, and Whittingham, to the River Breamish, and from thence to Piercy's Cross, in the County of Northumberland, to continue in Force for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. Ibid.

xliv. An Act to amend two Acts made in the twenty-eighth and thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith. Ibid.

xlv. An Act for explaining and amending two Acts, passed in the thirty-first and thirty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Livingstone, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of Glasgow, and other Roads therein mentioned. Ibid.

xlvi. An Act for making and repairing the Road from Dunkeld to Coupar of Angus, by the Bridge of Isla, and the Road leading out of the Road between Dunkeld and Perth to the Boat at Caputh, by or through the Village of Stanley in the County of Perth, to continue in Force for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. Ibid.

xlvii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, of two Acts, the one passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Burleigh Bridge, in the Town of Loughborough, to Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of Leicester, and for repairing and widening the Road, branching out of the said Road at Coleorton Church, over Coleorton Moor, and through Worthington and Sutton Bonington, to Rempston, in the Counties of Leicester and Nottingham. Page 222

xlviii. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Shaw Hill, in the Parish of Melksham, through Googe's Lane, Corsham, Biddestone, and West Yatton, to the Turnpike Road at Upper Coombe, in the Parish of Castle Coombe, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

xlix. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving the Road at or near Beckhampton, and from the North Side of Swindon to the Carpenter's Arms in Blunsden, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

l. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and amending the Powers, of three several Acts, passed in the twenty-fifth, twenty-seventh, and thirty-third Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, to the Pound in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon. 223

li. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Gateshead, in the County of Durham, to the Church Lane, near, Ryton Lane Head, and from the Bar Moor to the Hexham Turnpike Road, near Dilston Bar, in the County of Northumberland, and also several other Roads therein described, lying within the said Counties. Ibid.

lii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Skipton in the County of York, to Clitheroe in the County of Lancaster. Ibid.

liii. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Tweed, at or near the Town of Kelso, in the County of Roxburgh. Ibid.

liv. An Act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of the Right Honourable John Lord Rolle in Trustees, to sell or exchange the same, and purchase, or take in Exchange, other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof to the same Uses. Ibid.

lv. An Act for vesting certain Estates in Tokenhouse Yard, in the City of London, in the Trustees of the other Settled Estates of the Marquis of Lansdown and the Right Honourable John Henry Petty, commonly called Earl of Wycombe, in Trust to be sold, and for laying out the Monies arising from the Sale in the Manner therein directed; and for empowering the said Trustees of the said Settled Estates to apply the Monies arising from the Sale of any Part thereof in the Manner therein directed; and for discharging the said Settled Estates from a Rent Charge of five hundred Pounds given to James Petty Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, by the Will of Henry formerly Earl of Shelburne, deceased. Ibid.

lvi. An Act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of Simon Payne Esquire, and Hester his Wife, in the County of Gloucester, in Trustees, to be exchanged for Part of their unsettled Estates, in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

lvii. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Tract or Parcel of Common, Waste, and Marsh Grounds, called Thornton Marsh, within the several Parishes of Poulton and Bispham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

lviii. An Act for regulating the Rates of Porterage to be taken by Innkeepers and other Persons within the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark and Places adjacent. Ibid.

lix. An Act to enlarge the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts, relating to the Harbour of Liverpool; and for making two additional Wet Docks and Piers in or near the Port of Liverpool; and for rendering more safe and commodious the said Port and Docks. Page 227

lx. An Act for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of the Stratford upon Avon Canal Navigation to vary the Course of certain Parts of the said Canal, directed to be made by an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also to make a Branch out of the said Canal, and also to vary the Course of a navigable Cut directed to be made from the said Stratford upon Avon Canal, in the Parish of Lapworth, into the Warwick and Birmingham Canal, in the Manor of Kingswood, in the County of Warwick, by another Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for amending the said Acts. Ibid.

lxi. An Act for paving the Footways, and for cleaning, lighting, and regulating, the Streets, Lanes, and other Publick Passages and Places, within the Town of Trowbridge, in the County of Wilts; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions, therein. Ibid.

lxii. An Act for continuing, for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of three Acts, passed in the first, ninth, and twenty-second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and enlarging the Road leading from the House called The Sign of the Bells, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, in Rochester, to Maidstone, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

lxiii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from The Green Man, in the Chapelry of Seend, in the County of Wilts, through Trowbridge, to Beckington, in the County of Somerset, and several other Roads communicating with, or lying near to, the said Road; and for making and maintaining certain Pieces of New Road in Trowbridge aforesaid. Ibid.

lxiv. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning the Road from Ardwick Green, near Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, to the Bridge at the Corn Mills at Wilmslow, in the County of Chester.

lxv. An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, leading from a Gate, in the Town and County of Poole, called Poole Gate; and for repealing two Acts of Parliament, of the twenty-ninth and thirtieth Years of His late Majesty, relating to the said Roads; and also for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, towards paving and repairing a certain Street or Way within the said Town and County. Ibid.

lxvi. An Act to empower the Right Honourable Henry Earl Fauconberg to charge his Settled Estates in the Counties of York and Chester with the Sum of fifteen thousand Pounds, in lieu of the Right of him the said Henry Earl Fauconberg, and the other Tenants for Life of the said Estates, to cut down Timber growing thereon; and to grant Building Leases of such Parts of the said Settled Estates as are near, or adjoining to, the Town of Macclesfield, in the said County of Chester; and for vesting the Manor and other Hereditaments of and in Sutton in the Forest, in the said County of York, other Part of the said Settled Estates, in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same, and, out of the Money arising from the Sale thereof, to discharge the Incumbrances on the said Settled Estates. Page 227

lxvii. An Act for more easily effectuating the Sale of Part of the Freehold Estates late of James Duberly Esquire, deceased, and for applying the clear Monies to arise therefrom upon the Trusts of the Marriage Settlements of his five Daughters. Ibid.

lxviii. An Act for vesting the Fee Simple of several Estates in the County of Chester, (devised by the Will of Philip Egerton Esquire, deceased, to a Trustee for a Term of Years, for the Purpose of discharging his Debts, with Remainder to the Uses therein mentioned,) in Trustees, to be sold for discharging the said Debts, and to lay out the Surplus (if any) of the Monies arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands to be settled to the same Uses. 228

lxix. An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the Port of London. Ibid.

lxx. An Act for enabling the Grimsby Haven Company to finish and complete the Navigation of the said Haven, and for amending an Act passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening, deepening, enlarging, altering, and improving, the Haven of the Town and Port of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln. 256

lxxi. An Act for empowering the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation to repay, into the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, the Sum advanced to them for the Purpose of completing the said Navigation; for repealing so much of an Act, of the twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the said Company; add for enabling the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer to advance Part of the Sum so to be received to the Company of Proprietors of the Crinan Canal, on certain Conditions. Ibid.

lxxii. An Act for settling the Right of Patronage or Presentation of or to the new Chapel of Cradley, in that Part of the Parish of Halesowen which lies in the County and Diocese of Worcester, and for other Purposes. Ibid.

lxxiii. An Act for making and maintaining a Tunnel, or Road, under the River Thames, from or near to the Town of Gravesend, in the County of Kent, to or near to Tilbury Fort, in the County of Essex. Ibid.

lxxiv. An Act for making a new Street from the Haymarket into Charles Street, St. James's Square, within the City and Liberty of Westminster. 260

lxxv. An Act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Cheadle, through Alveton, to the Uttoxeter and Ashborne Turnpike Road, at or near Quickshill Bank; and also the Road leading from the Stone and Uttoxeter Turnpike Road, at Bear's Brook, through Hollington, to the said Uttoxeter and Ashborne Turnpike Road, at or near the Churnet Bridge at Rocester, in the County of Stafford, to continue in Force for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. Ibid.

lxxvi. An Act to continue, for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Althall, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road at or near Buckland, in the County of Berks. Page 260

lxxvii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of three Acts, passed in the fourth and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the most Southern Part of Butt Lane, in the Parish of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Lawton, and from thence to Henshall's Smithy, upon Cranage Green, in the said County. Ibid.

lxxviii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering the Powers, of an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from the Town of Skipton to the Turnpike Road from Leeds to Ripon, near Okbeck, in the Township of Bilton with Harrogate, and from thence to the Road leading from Knaresborough to Wetherby, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

lxxix. An Act for enabling William Stephen Poyntz Esquire, and the Honourable Elizabeth Mary his Wife, to charge the Estates late of the Right Honourable George Samuel Lord Viscount Montague deceased, in the County of Sussex, with a competent Sum of Money for improving the same, and for other Purposes. Ibid.

lxxx. An Act for confirming and rendering effectual a Partition and Division between the late Honourable Penn Asheton Curzon deceased, and the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Ribblesdale, (then Thomas Lister Esquire,) of the Rectory of Whalley, and of the Chapels, Glebe Lands, Messuages, Tenements, Tythes, Obventions, Profits, and Hereditaments thereto belonging, now held under a Lease from the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and for that Purpose to enable the said Lord Archbishop and his Successors, at all Times hereafter, to grant the said Rectory and Premises by two several Leases, according to the said Partition and Division. Ibid.

lxxxi. An Act for vesting a Piece of Ground and Hereditaments in the Parish of Saint Mary Woolnoth, in the City of London, belonging to the Parish of Saint Mary le Bow, in Abraham Robarts, William Curtis, Ellis Were, and Charles Hornyold, of the said City of London, Bankers and Copartners, in Fee Simple, upon Payment of the Sum of one thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds, upon Trust, to be applied in the Manner therein mentioned, for the Support of a Lecturer, and for better regulating the Appointment of the said Lecturer. Ibid.

lxxxii. An Act to amend an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for erecting a Building for holding the Courts, and exercising the Jurisdiction, of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, in Westminster, and for holding the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and transacting the other Publick Business of the said City and Liberty. Ibid.

lxxxiii. An Act for enabling His Majesty to incorporate, by Charter, a Company to be called The Globe Insurance Company, for Insurance on Lives, and against Loss or Damage by Fire, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. 261

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno Regni 39 Georgii III.

1. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Shropham, in the County of Norfolk.

2. An Act to enable Thomas Jull of Ash, next Sandwich, in the County of Kent, Esquire, and his Issue, to assume and take the Surname of Godfrey only, and to bear the Arms and Crests of the Godfreys, pursuant to the Directions contained in a Codicil to the Will of Thomas Godfrey, late of London, Merchant, deceased.

3. An Act for naturalizing Charles Frederick Hennings.

4. An Act for naturalizing John Roger Teschemacher.

5. An Act for naturalizing Hermenegild Augustus Maria Castellain.

6. An Act for naturalizing John Alexander Martin.

7. An Act for naturalizing John Everard Heyman.

8. An Act for naturalizing Anthony Schick.

9. An Act for naturalizing John Lawrence Gries.

10. An Act for naturalizing Adolphus Kent.

11. An Act for naturalizing Johann George Wicke.

12. An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Edward Jervis Ricketts Esquire, with the Honourable Cassandra Twisleton, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

13. An Act for naturalizing Pierre Jacques Papillon and Pierre Francois Papillon.

14. An Act for naturalizing George Christopher Moller.

15. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open, and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Molesworth, in the County of Huntingdon.

16. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Rackheath, in the County of Norfolk.

17. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Waste Lands, and Open and Common Fields, within the Parishes of Leintwardine, Burrington, Downton, Aston, and Elton, in the County of Hereford.

18. An Act for dividing and allotting several Open and Common Lands and Grounds, within the Tithing of Oare, in the Parishes of Wilcot and Huish, in the County of Wilts.

19. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Remenham, in the County of Berks.

20. An Act for confirming and establishing a Division and Inclosure of the Open and Common Fields and Pastures, within the Manors or Lordships of Nether Seal and Over Seal, in the Parish of Nether Seal, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby, or one of them, and certain Exchanges of Lands and Estates within the said Parish.

21. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Williams with Mary Charlotte his now Wife, late Mary Charlotte Willis, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

22. An Act for naturalizing Godfrey Bitterman.

23. An Act for naturalizing Salomon Lange.

24. An Act for naturalizing Christian John Adam Withe.

25. An Act for naturalizing George Bong.

26. An Act for naturalizing John Philip Marindin.

27. An Act for naturalizing John De Luc.

28. An Act for naturalizing Justin Eliza Caesar Audra.

29. An Act for naturalizing Adrien Charles Papillon.

30. An Act for naturalizing Lorents Braun.

31. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Warrens or reputed Warrens, Commons, Heaths, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Hevingham and Marsham, in the County of Norfolk; and for extinguishing all Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, in, over, and upon all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes.

32. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester.

33. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Henry Ricketts Esquire, with the Right Honourable Lady Elizabeth Jane Lambart, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

34. An Act for naturalizing John Gabriel Migault.

35. An Act for naturalizing John Daniel Humbert.

36. An Act for naturalizing Charles Henry Rigaud.

37. An Act for naturalizing Francis Henry Christin.

38. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of Craigiehall, lying in the County of Linlithgow, and comprised in the Deed of Entail executed by the deceased Sophia Marchioness of Annandale, with Consent of William Marquis of Annandale, her Husband, upon the thirty-first July one thousand seven hundred and eight; and also for vesting certain Parts and Parcels of the Lands and Barony of Leny, lying in the County of Edinburgh, and comprised in a Disposition and Deed of Entail thereof, dated the third November one thousand seven hundred and forty six, granted by Sir Robert Myrton. of Gogar, Baronet, with Consent therein mentioned in Trustees, in Trust, to sell or exchange the same, and invest the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase or Exchange of other Lands to be settled and secured to the same Series of Heirs, and under the same Conditions and Limitations as are contained in the aforesaid Deeds of Entail; and for vesting in William Hope Weir Esquire, of Craigiehall and Blackwood, and the same Series of Heirs, in Fee Tail, certain other Parts of the said Lands, Baronies, and others.

39. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Downs, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, within the several Hamlets or Tithings of Herrington, Broad Campden, and Westington, in the Parish of Chipping Campden, in the County of Gloucester.

40. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Tract or Piece of Commonable Land called Leigh Common, situate in the Tything of Leigh, in the Parish of Yetminster, in the County of Dorset.

41. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Manor and Parish of Clevedon, in the County of Somerset.

42. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands Fen Lands, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Keninghall, in the County of Norfolk.

43. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Lammas Meadows, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Bressingham and Fersfield, in the County of Norfolk, for extinguishing all Rights of Common, Sheepwalk, and Shackage, in, over, and upon, all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes.

44. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Downs, and ail Commonable Places and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Easton, in the County of Southampton.

45. An Act to amend, and render more effectual, the Power of Exchange in an Act, passed in the thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Southill, in the County of Bedford.

46. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Ellingham, in the County of Norfolk.

47. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of Horton, in the County of Buckingham.

48. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Most Honourable John James Marquis of Abercomy with the Most Honourable Cecil Hamilton his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

49. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Stanton with Sarah Wright, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

50. An Act for naturalizing Catherine Nassau.

51. An Act for naturalizing Henry von dem Busch.

52. An Act for naturalizing Diederick Arnold Bielfeld.

53. An Act for naturalizing Henry Berthoud.

54. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Manors of Forfield, Bromhill, Bellbroughton, and Brians Bell, in the Parish of Bellbroughton, in the County of Worcester.

55. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Rowley Regis, in the County of Stafford.

56. An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Bucks, entailed by the Will of John late Duke of Bedford in Francis Duke of Bedford, in Fee Simple, and for settling other Estates in the said County of greater Value in lieu thereof.

57. An Act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of Robert Clutterbuck Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Money arising therefrom, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in Manner, and for the Purposes therein mentioned, and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses.

58. An Act for confirming, and rendering effectual, a Partition between Lewis John Marie Haussoullier Esquire, and Tryphena Trist Spinster, an Infant, of divers Manors, Boroughs, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Devon.

59. An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell such Part or Parts of the Estate of Machermore, in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, which belonged to Patrick Dunbar, late of Machermore, Esquire, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts of the said Patrick Dunbar, and his Predecessors, and the Sums with which he charged the said Estate.

60. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Liberties and Precincts of Greens Norton, and Hamlet of Durcott, in the Parish of Greens Norton, in the County of Northampton.

61. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Downs, Marshes, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Charlton Marshall, in the County of Dorset.

62. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Commonable Lands in the Parish of Mapowder, in the County of Dorset.

63. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Ings, Marsh, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Hirst Courtney, in the Parish of Birkin, in the West Riding of the County of York.

64. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Purton, otherwise Puriton, in the County of Wilts.

65. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing all the Commons and Waste Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Church Staunton, in the County of Devon.

66. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Sherborne, in the County of Warwick.

67. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Common Meadows, Heaths, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Honington, in the County of Suffolk.

68. An Act for confirming and establishing the Division, Allotment, and Inclosure of certain Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Ranworth, in the County of Norfolk.

69. An Act for dividing, allotting, and otherwise improving, several Stinted Moors, Stinted Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Park and Forest of Weardale, in the Parish of Stanhope, in the County of Durham.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Waste, Grounds, and Modes, within the Town and Hamlet of Ulverstone, in the Parish of Ulverstone, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

71. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, and Stinted Pastures, within the Hamlet of Moorgate, in the Parish of Clarbrough, in the County of Nottingham.

72. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parishes of South Brent and Lympsham, in the County of Somerset.

73. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Water Eaton, in the County of Stafford.

74. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township and Liberty of Harworth, in the County of Nottingham.

73. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Lammas Meadows, and a certain Common called Cheshunt Common, within the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford.

76. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Stratford-under-the-Castle and Milford, in the County of Wilts.

77. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Shuldham Peard Esquire, with Elizabeth his now Wife, late Elizabeth Blight and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

78. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Thoroton Clerk, with Elizabeth his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

79. An Act for naturalizing Maria Groschner, otherwise Huntley.

80. An Act for naturalizing Simeon Jacob Charles Collet D’Escury.

81. An Act for naturalizing William Conrad Korff.

82. An Act for naturalizing Abraham Zimon Doncker Cuvelje.

83. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Grasthorpe, in the County of Nottingham.

84. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Houghton and South Stoke, in the County of Sussex.

85. An Act for dividing and enclosing several Open Fields and Stinted Pastures within the Township of Long Preston in the Parish of Long Preston, in the West Riding of the County of York; and for embanking and draining several Parcels of Ground within the same Township, called Long Preston Ings.

86. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Moor or Common called Knayton Moor, and other Waste Lands, within the Township of Knayton, and Parish of Leek, in the North Riding of the County of York.

87. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Undivided Enclosures, Commons, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places, within the Townships of Sandall Magna, Walton, and Crigglestone, in the Parish of Sandall Magna, in the West Riding of the County of York.

88. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, Grounds, and Places, within the Hamlet of Walton, in the Parish of Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham.

89. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, divers Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Lyddington with Caldecott and Uppingham, in the County of Rutland, and also a Common or Waste within the same County, called Uppingham Brand; and for extinguishing all the Tythes arising within the same Parishes, and all the Deer Browse and Rights of Common upon Beaumont Chace, in the same County; and making a Compensation for such Tythes and Common Rights respectively.

90. An Act to amend an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Common in the Township of Aithorpe, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining the same and certain inclosed Lands within the said Township.

91. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commons, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Carlton cum Willingham, in the County of Cambridge, and for extinguishing the Tythes in the same Parish.

92. An Act for vesting Part of the Settled Estate of Richard Long Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be conveyed pursuant to Articles entered into for the Sale thereof, and for applying the Money arising therefrom for the several Purposes therein mentioned.

93. An Act for vesting the Inheritance in Fee Simple of Part of the Settled Estates of Sir Henry Every Baronet, in Trustees, in Trust to make Sale thereof, and to apply the Money produced by such Sale, or a competent Part thereof, in Payment and Discharge of divers Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances, affecting the same, and to invert the Surplus of such Money, (if any such shall be) in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments to be settled to the same Uses.

94. An Act for effecting an Exchange of Lands between the Trustees of the Free Grammar School in Watton under Edge, in the County of Gloucester, and Nicholas Owen Smythe Owen Esquire.

95. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Arable Lands, intermixed Fields, Meadows and Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the respective Manors of Pattingham and Patshull, in the County of Stafford.

96. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common, Fen Droves, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Gosberton, in the County of Lincoln.

97. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Parishes of Yarkhill, Weston Beggard, Dormington, with the Chapelry of Bartestree, in the said Parish of Dormington and Stoke Edith with the Chapelry of Westhide, in the said Parish of Stoke Edith, all in the County of Hereford.

98. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parish of Axbridge, in the County of Somerset.

99. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Manors or Townships of Brayton, Thorp Willowby, Burton, and Gateforth with Lund, in the Parish of Brayton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

100. An Act to divide, allot, inclose, and improve, the several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and other Open and Uninclosed Lands, in the Parish of Tuxford, in the County of Nottingham.

101. An Act for dividing, allotting, and otherwise improving, all the Common Fields, Commons, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Teddington, otherwise Todington, otherwise Tettington, otherwise, Tuddington, in the County of Middlesex.

102. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir Hyde Parker Knight, with Ann Bottler, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

103. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Collins Campbell Esquire, a Major in the Army, with Harriet Fraser, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

104. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Buller, of Calcutta, in the Province of Bengal, in the East Indies, Esquire, with Eliza Catherine Wiggens, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

105. An Act for naturalizing John Lewis Reinaud.

106. An Act for naturalizing Philipp Fredrick Behrends.

107. An Act for naturalizing Francis Louis Count Byland.

108. An Act for enabling Trustees to convey, pursuant to a Contract of Sale already entered into, an Estate at Charleywood, in the Parish of Rickmersworth, in the County of Herts, late belonging to Sir David Lindsay Baronet, deceased, devised, in strict Settlement, by a Codicil to his Will; and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, with Power of leasing the Estates to be settled.

109. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Kempsford and Dryffield, in the County of Gloucester.

110. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons or Waste Grounds within or belonging to the Manor of King's Bromley, and also certain Open Meadows or Lands within the Parish or Manor of King's Bromley aforesaid, in the County of Stafford.

111. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Cumberworth, with Cumberworth Half, in the Parishes of Silkstone and Kirkburton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

112. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of North Crossland, in the Parish of Almondbury, in the West Riding of the County of York.

113. An Act for inclosing and leasing, or letting, certain Common Moors and Waste Grounds lying within the Township of Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County of York, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors Rate, Highway Rate, and Church Rate, within the said Township; and for confirming and establishing the Division, Allotments, and Inclosure, of the Open and Uninclosed Fields, and also several Exchanges of Lands within the said Township.

114. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Township of Dalton, in the Parish of Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

115. An Act for dividing and allotting the Whole Year or Every Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Common Meadows, Heaths, Warrens, Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Worlington, in the County of Suffolk.

116. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and other Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Hamlet of Singleborough, in the Parish of Great Horwood, in the County of Buckingham.

117. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parnhes of Grantchester and Coton, in the County of Cambridge.

118. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of Wyrardisbury, otherwise Wraisbury, in the County of Buckingham.

119. An Act for naturalizing George Erck.

120. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Pampisford, in the County of Cambridge.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Publick and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of GEORGE III.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

Anno Regni 39 & 40 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for enabling his Majesty to accept the Services of an additional Number of Volunteers from the Militia, under certain Restrictions. Page 265

2. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred. 269

3. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and certain other Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred. Ibid.

4. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred; and for permitting Exchequer Bills, issued under an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for other Purposes, if not paid by a certain Day, to be received in Payment of any of the Branches of the Publick Revenue. 270

5. An Act for enabling his Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, and in the Manner therein mentioned, for the Relief of the Merchants of Liverpool and Lancaster. Ibid.

6. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, on the Credit of such Monies as may arise by virtue of an Act of the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for granting certain additional Duties of Customs on Goods exported and imported, and on Tonnage of Ships entering Outwards or Inwards to or from Foreign Parts, until the signing the Preliminary Articles of Peace; and upon an Act of last Session of Parliament for granting certain Duties upon Income. Page 275

7. An Act to prohibit, until the first Day of March one thousand eight hundred, the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or any Bran, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. 276

8. An Act for reducing, until the first Day of June one thousand eight hundred, the Duties upon Spirits distilled from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith; for prohibiting the Distillation of Spirits from Wheat or Wheat Flour; and for reducing, until the twentieth Day of September one thousand eight hundred, and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch. 277

9. An Act to continue, until the twentieth Day of February one thousand eight hundred, several Laws relating to the Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons. serving in his Majesty's Forces; to the empowering his Majesty to accept the Services of such Parts of the Militia of this Kingdom as may offer to serve in Ireland; to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose; to the authorising his Majesty to make Regulations reflecting the Trade to the Cape of Good Hope; to the establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland; to the enabling his Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into this Kingdom in neutral Ships; and to continue, until the thirtieth Day of September one thousand eight hundred, an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for enabling his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty. Page 280

10. An Act to extend the Period, limited by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the Benefit of Preference to certain Bodies, Companies, and Persons, in contracting for the Redemption of Land Tax, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred. Ibid.

11. An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties upon Income, as relates to the Appropriation of the said Duties, and of the Duties upon Goods imported and exported, granted by an Act of the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty. Ibid.

12. An Act to enable the Commissioners of the Customs to allow, until the first Day of April one thousand eight hundred, British Plantation Sugars to be warehoused; to revive so much of an Act, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation thereof, and for allowing, until the fifth Day of May one thousand eight hundred, certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported. 281

13. An Act for allowing further Time for the Payment of Instalments on certain Sums of Money advanced by Way of Loan to several Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and St. Vincent. 282

14. An Act for empowering his Majesty to shorten the Time for the Meeting of Parliament in Cases of Adjournment. 285

15. An Act for continuing, until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for empowering his Majesty for a Time and to an Extent to be limited, to accept the Services of such Parts of his Militia Forces in this Kingdom as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Ireland. 286

16. An Act for continuing, until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in his Majesty's Forces, by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to his Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience. Ibid.

17. An Act to continue, until the first Day of March one thousand eight hundred and three, an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland; and to continue, until the Expiration of forty Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, several Laws relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for, that Purpose; to the authorising his Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade to the Cape of Good Hope; and to the enabling his Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into this Kingdom in neutral Ships. Page 286

18. An Act to prohibit, until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, any Person or Persons from selling any Bread which shall not have been baked a certain Time. 287

19. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes, until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand eight hundred; to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them, until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand eight hundred, to provide Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first Day of Michaelmas Term one thousand eight hundred; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose, until the first Day of September one thousand eight hundred. Ibid.

20. An Act for further continuing, until the first Day of February one thousand eight hundred and one, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for further continuing, until the first Day of March one thousand eight hundred, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government. 288

21. An Act to continue, until the first Day of February one thousand eight hundred and one, an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, to prohibit the making of low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, or other Sort of Grain, or from Meal, Flour, or Bran, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. Ibid.

22. An Act for raising the Sum of twenty millions five hundred thousand Pounds by Way of Annuities. Ibid.

23. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties of Excise on British and Foreign Spirits, and Tea. 289

24. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore. 293

25. An Act to prohibit, until the first Day of October One thousand eight hundred, the Use of Wheat in making Starch. Ibid.

26. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt. Ibid.

27. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. Ibid.

28. An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of three millions towards the Supply for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred. 294.

29. An Act for granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Wheaten Flour, and Rice, until the first Day of October one thousand eight hundred. 302

30. An Act for extending, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, the Period of Preference, granted and continued by several Acts to Bodies Corporate and Persons for the Redemption of Land Tax; and for enlarging several of the Powers contained in the said Acts. Page 303

31. An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, an Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred, together with those named in two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax. 307

32. An Act for indemnifying Persons serving in Volunteer Corps, who have omitted to take out Certificates for wearing Hair Powder: and to amend so much of an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued for using Hair Powder, as relates to the exempting Persons serving in Volunteer Corps, and certain Officers in his Majesty's Navy serving on the Establishment of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, from the said Duty; and for obliging Persons claiming to be exempt from the Duties on Horses provided and furnished for Volunteer Corps to deliver Certificates thereof to the proper Officers. 308

33. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred; and to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance Cash or Bullion, to be remitted Abroad on Account of Foreign Subsidies or Services Abroad. 310

34. An Act to permit the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in America, belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in neutral Ships, until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand eight hundred and one. Ibid.

35. An Act for granting a Bounty on the Importation of Oats, until the first Day of October one thousand eight hundred. 311

36. An Act to enable Courts of Equity to compel a Transfer of Stock in Suits, without making the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas or other Parts of America, Party thereto. 312

37. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred. 313

38. An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for permitting certain Goods imported from the East Indies to be warehoused, and for repealing the Duties now payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof; as relates to Saltpetre. Ibid.

39. An Act for encreasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. Ibid.

40. An Act to enlarge the Powers of the Directors and Guardians of the Poor within the several Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, in that Part of Great Britain called England, incorporated by divers Acts of Parliament, for the Purpose of the better Maintenance and Employment of the Poor, as to the Assessments to be made upon the several Parishes, Hamlets and Places therein mentioned, until the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and two. Page 314

41. An Act for explaining and amending several Acts made in the thirty-second Year of King Henry the Eighth, and the first, thirteenth, and fourteenth Years of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as respects Leases granted by Archbishops, Bishops, Masters and Fellows of Colleges, Deans and Chapters of Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, Mailers and Guardians of Hospitals, and others having any Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Living or Promotion. 315

42. An Act for the better Observance of Good Friday in certain Cases therein mentioned. 317

43. An Act to confirm an Agreement entered into between the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury and the Most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, in pursuance of an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, an Act to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury to contract with the Most Noble Charles Duke Richmond, for the absolute Purchase of the Property of the said Duke, and of ail others interest ed, in a certain Duty of twelve Pence per Chaldron on Coals shipped in the River Tyne to be consumed in England, and to grant a Compensation for the same, by way of Annuity, payable out of the Consolidated Fund. Ibid.

44. An Act for granting, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, certain Allowances, to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of Militia, disembodied under an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to accept the Services of an additional Number of Volunteers from the Militia, under certain Restrictions. 318

45. An Act for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Glass, as was to continue in force for a limited Time; and to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and one; to the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain, to the encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and securing the Duties on Foreign-made Sail Cloth imported, to the securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs, and of the Naval Officers in the British Colonies in America, and of the Officers of the Customs in the Island of Newfoundland, until the ninth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the landing Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, until the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and two; and to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Straits, until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand eight hundred and one. 320

46. An Act for the more easy and expeditious Recovery of Small Debts, and determining Small causes in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. Page 320

47. An Act for repealing the Rates and Fares taken by Licensed Hackney Coachmen, and for establishing other Rates and Fares in lieu thereof; and for explaining and amending several Laws relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs. 324

48. An Act to repeal the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, granted by an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused; for reviving so much of an Act, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation thereof; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, until the tenth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and one. 327

49. An Act for the better ascertaining and collecting the Duties granted by several Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Duties on Income; and to explain and amend the said Acts. 329

50. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction. 339

51. An Act to permit Blubber from the Greenland Fishery and Davis's Streights to be boiled into Oil after the Arrival of the Ships from the Fishery, and for charging the Duty thereon; for altering the Convoy Duty now payable on the Importation of Opium; for repealing the Duties on the Importation of Oil of Turpentine and Tar, and charging other Duties in lieu thereof; for exempting Burr Stones, and Stones used for the Purpose of paving or the making or mending of Roads, from the Duties charged thereon when carried Coastwise; for obliging Masters of Ships laden with Tobacco to remove the same from their Moorings when their Cargoes are discharged; and for extending Bonds given on licensing Ships, Vessels, or Boats, to all Cases wherein Ships, Vessels, or Boats may be liable to Forfeiture. 340

52. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery. 343

53. An Act for granting a Bounty on the Importation of Rye, until the fifteenth Day of October one thousand eight hundred. 344

54. An Act for more effectually charging Publick Accountants with the Payment of Interest; for allowing Interest to them in certain cases; and for compelling the Payment of Balances due from them. Ibid.

55. An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts in Westminster Hall, and also of the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Justiciary, and Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, as relates to the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of Session, Judiciary, and Exchequer in Scotland. 348

56. An Act for Relief of Persons entitled to entailed Estates to be purchased with Trust Monies. Ibid.

57. An Act for enabling the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland to advance to the Lord Provost and Magistrates of the City of Edinburgh, for the Purpose of completing the Improvements of the Harbour of Leith, a certain Sum, being Part of the Money which by an Act of the last Session of Parliament was directed to be paid into the said Court of Exchequer by the Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation. 349

58. An Act for further continuing and amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation and permit the Importation of Corn; and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty. Page 349

59. An Act to remove Doubts arising from the Construction, of-an Act made in the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for permitting certain Goods imported from the East Indies to be warehoused, and for repealing the Duties now payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof. Ibid.

60. An Act to lessen the Duties on Wine and Spirits the Produce of the British Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope; and to empower the Importers to land the same before Payment of the Duties of Excise, and to lodge the same in Warehouses; and to allow the same to be shipped free of Duty as Stores, to be consumed on board Merchants’ Ships on their Voyages. 350

61. An Act to revive and continue, until the first Day of July one thousand eight hundred and one, such Part of an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, for reducing the Duties upon Spirits distilled from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, and for other Purposes, as relates to the Duties on Wort or Wash brewed or made from Melasses or Sugar. 352

62. An Act to allow, for nine Months after the passing of the Act, the Use of Sugar in the brewing of Beer. 353

63. An Act for repealing Part of the Duties and Drawbacks of Customs on Kid Skins imported, and the Exemption of imported Kid Skins from Excise Duty, on being dressed in Great Britain. Ibid.

64. An Act for permitting the free Importation of Linseed Cakes and Rape Cakes in Neutral Ships. 354

65. An Act to continue, until the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, several Acts relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose. Ibid.

66. An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the second Year of King James the First, as prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes; and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the flaying thereof. Ibid.

67. An Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland. 359

68. An Act for extending the Powers of the Commissioners named in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred, together with those named in two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax; for indemnifying such Persons, named in the said Act, as have acted as Commissioners of the Land Tax; and for rendering valid certain Acts done by them. 375

69. An Act for repealing the Duties on Perfumery and on Licences for vending the same. 376

70. An Act to exempt from Duty Waste Paper imported into this Kingdom, for the Purpose of being re-manufactured, except the Duty imposed by an Act of the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exerted. Page 377

71. An Act to authorize Bakers and other Persons to sell Bread to his Majesty's Forces on their March which shall not have been baked twenty-four Hours, and to indemnify all Persons by whom such Bread may have been so sold. Ibid.

72. An Act to amend several Laws relating to the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper. Ibid.

73. An Act for repealing-the Duties of Excise on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for altering, amending, and continuing certain Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland. 382

74. An Act for amending several Acts for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread. 390

75. An Act for making Alliances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace. 392

76. An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms. Ibid.

77. An Act for the Security of Collieries and Mines, and for the better Regulation of Colliers and Miners. Ibid.

78. An Act to discharge from a disputed and dormant Claim of the Publick, several Estates belonging to the Right Honourable William Carr Earl of Errol, Lord High Constable of Scotland. 394

79. An Act for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the British Territories in India, and the better Administration of Justice within the same. 395

80. An Act for erecting a Lazaret on Chetney Hill, in the County of Kent; and for reducing into one Act the Laws relating to Quarantine; and for making further Provision therein. 400

81. An Act to repeal an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds in the buying and selling of Hops, and for the better Collection of the Duty on Hops; and to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Trade of Hops. 409

82. An Act for suspending, until the twentieth Day of August one thousand eight hundred, the Duties on Foreign Hops imported, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof. 411

83. An Act for permitting French Wines to be imported into this Kingdom from the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, or Alderney, in Bottles or Flasks. Ibid.

84. An Act to render valid Indentures of Apprenticeship of Poor Children and others, made upon improper Stamps, upon certain Conditions, and to indemnify all Persons who may have incurred Penalties thereby; and for allowing attested Copies of Indentures, Leases, or Deeds to be stamped after the ingrossing, writing, or printing thereof. 412

85. An Act to continue, until the fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred and one, and amend, an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for continuing several Acts for the Encouragement of the British Fisheries. Ibid.

86. An Act for the better Preservation of Timber in the New Forest in the County of Southampton; and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same. 413

87. An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames, and in its Vicinity; and to amend an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to prevent the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum Boats, and other Boats upon the River Thames. Page 420

88. An Act concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Personal Property of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and also of the Real and Personal Property of her Majesty, and of the Queen Consort for the Time being. 427

89. An Act for the better preventing the Embezzlement of his Majesty's Naval Ordnance, and Victualling Stores. 431

90. An Act for settling Disputes that may arise between Masters and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in that Part of Great Britain called England. 440,

91. An Act to prohibit, until the fifteenth Day of October one thousand eight hundred, the Exportation of Rice. 443

92. An Act for establishing certain Regulations in the Offices of the House of Commons. 444

93. An Act for regulating Trials for High Treason and Misprision of High Treason, in certain cases. 446

94. An Act for the safe Custody of Insane Persons charged with Offences. Ibid.

95. An Act to indemnify all Persons who have printed, published, or dispersed, or who shall publish or disperse, any Papers printed under the Authority of the Commissioners or Head Officers of any Publick Boards, from all Penalties incurred by reason of the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer of such Papers not being printed thereon. 447

96. An Act for explaining and amending so much of an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, relating to the Duties of Income, as respects the Delivery of the Statements to the Commercial Commissioners of London, under the Amount of twenty Pounds. 448

97. An Act to incorporate certain Persons by the Name of The London Company for the Manufacture of Flour, Meal, and Bread, for a limited Time. Ibid.

98. An Act to restrain all Trusts and Directions in Deeds or Wills, whereby the Profits or Produce of Real or Personal Estate shall be accumulated, and the beneficial Enjoyment thereof postponed beyond the Time therein limited. 451

99. An Act for better regulating the Business of Pawnbrokers. Ibid.

100. An Act to authorize his Majesty to grant Commissions to Natives of the Seven United Provinces, or of the Hereditary States of the Prince of Orange, to serve on board certain Dutch Ships of War, surrendered to his Majesty's Fleet, and in Regiments in the Pay of his Majesty; and to enable any such Natives to enlist as Soldiers in such Regiments, under certain Restrictions. 461

101. An Act to give further Time for the Payment, on the Conditions therein mentioned, of Instalments on certain Loans advanced to the House of Alexander Houstoun and Company, to Charles Ashwell Esquire, and to William Johnstone Esquire, being Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent. 463

102. An Act for raising the Sum of three millions five hundred thousand Pounds by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred. 464

103. An Act for raising the Sum of three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred. Ibid.

104. An Act for raising the further Sum of three Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred. Ibid.

105. An Act for the better regulating the Practice, and for preventing Delays in the Proceedings of the Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster. Ibid.

106. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen; and to substitute other Provisions in lieu thereof. Page 465

107. An Act to permit, until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Importation of Swedish Herrings into Great Britain. 473

108. An Act for indemnifying the Governor of Surinam, or the Person acting as such, for having permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms; and for making void all Seizures of Ships, Vessels, or Goods, for any Thing done in pursuance of such Permission. Ibid.

109. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for applying certain Sums of Money therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred; for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, lost, burnt, or Otherwise destroyed. 474

PUBLIC LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

Anno Regni 39 & 40 Georgii III.

i. AN Act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands in the several Parishes of Maney, Upwell, Welney, Downham, Witcham, and in a certain extra-parochial Place in Byal Fen, within the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge. 476

ii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, and in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the said County. Ibid.

iii. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the Roads from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Narborough; and from the said Borough of Leicester to the Town of Earl Shilton; and from the said Town of Earl Shilton to the Town of Hinckley, in the said County. Ibid.

iv. An Act for continuing for a further Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term of two Acts, one made in the twelfth, and the other in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for clearing, depthening, repairing, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthening and making more navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven; and preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire; and also for building a new Bridge over the Haven of Great Yarmouth; and for altering and enlarging the Powers thereof, so far as the same relate to the said Haven and Piers. Ibid.

v. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parishes of Cantley and Hassingham, in the County of Norfolk, and for draining and preserving the same, and also certain Marsh Lands within the said Parishes. Ibid.

vi. An Act for continuing for the Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, one made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from Brent Bridge, in the County of Devon to Galkin Gate, in or near the Borough of Plymouth, in the said County. Page 476

vii. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, several Roads, leading from the Town of Ivelchester, in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

viii. An Act for increasing the Tolls authorised to be taken on the Road leading from Sevenoaks Common to the Market House in Tunbridge Town, by an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Sevenoaks Common to Woodsgate, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, in the County of Kent, and from Tunbridge Wells to Woodsgate aforesaid. 477

ix. An Act to continue, for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter the Powers, of two Acts made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending the Roads leading from the Village of Milford, in the County of Surrey, through Petworth, to the Top of Dunckton Hill, and from Petworth to Stopham Bridge, in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

x. An Act for the Appointment and Regulation of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into and out of the the Port of Kingston-upon-Hull; and for ascertaining the Salvage for Anchors, Cables, and other Ships Materials, found in the River Humber; and for the better ascertaining the Tonnage of Ballast Lighters employed at the said Port. Ibid.

xi. An Act for opening and making two new Streets in the City of Aberdeen. 483

xii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Summerrods Bar, near the Town of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Alston, in the County of Cumberland. Ibid.

xiii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending the Roads from the Town of Halifax, and from Sowerby Bridge, in the County of York, by Todmorden, to Burnley and Littleborough in the County of Lancaster. Ibid.

xiv. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Glenwhelt, through Haltwhistle, Hexham, and Corbridge, to the Military Road near Shildon Bar; and for making and repairing a Branch Road from Corbridge aforesaid, to Heddon-on-the-Wall, all in the County of Northumberland. Ibid.

xv. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the Road from the Village of Magor to the Bridge foot in the Town of Chepstow in the County of Monmouth, and several other Roads in the Counties of Monmouth, Gloucester, Hereford, and Brecon, to continue in Force for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. Ibid.

xvi. An Act for amending, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in Witney to the Turnpike Road on Swerford Heath, and also the Road leading from the Turnpike Road from Woodstock to Birmingham, through Charlbury, to the Turnpike Road from Chipping Norton to Burford, all in the County of Oxford. Page 483

xvii. An Act for making and repairing the Road from the Town of Stonehaven, through the Slug-mount, to the new Bridge over the River Dee at Cobleheugh, in the County of Kincardine. Ibid.

xviii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Austerlands, in the West Riding of the County of York. 484

xix. An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, turning, varying, altering, and keeping in Repair several Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, so far as the same relates to the Road from Haslingden to Todmorden, being the second District of the said Roads; and for making and maintaining a Branch therefrom at or near a Place called Fearns in Wolfenden Booth, to Edge Side in the same Booth and another Branch therefrom at or near a Place called Robert’s Mill in Bacup Booth, into the Rochdale Turnpike Road in the Parish of Spotland, all in the said County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

xx. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Alemouth, through Alnwick and Rothbury, to Hexham, and a Branch from the said Road, between Alnwick and Rothbury, to Jockey’s Dike Bridge, in the County of Northumberland. Ibid.

xxi. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving the Open Fields, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Ludham, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xxii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Heron Syke, which divides the Counties of Lancaster and Westmorland, to the Town of Kirbey in Kendal, and from the said Town of Kirkby in Kendal, through the Town of Shap, to Emont Bridge, in the said County of Westmorland. Ibid.

xxiii. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the River Thames, near to the Town of Gravesend, in the County of Kent, to the River Medway, at a Place called Nicholson’s Ship-Yard, in the Parish of Frindsbury, in the said County; and also a certain Collateral Cut, from White Wall in the said Parish, to the said River Medway. Ibid.

xxiv. An Act for amending the several Acts passed for making, extending, finishing, and completing the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton-under-Lyne and Oldham, and the several Cuts and other Works authorised to be made and done by the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal Navigation; and for granting to the said Company further and other Powers. Ibid.

xxv. An Act for lighting the Streets and Lanes of the Borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and the Quays and Wharfs belonging to the said Borough, and that Part of the Bridge over the River Tweed, which lies within the Liberties of the said Borough, and also the Street of Castle-gate, within the said Borough or the Liberties thereof; and for paving the Foot-paths of the Streets of the said Borough and of Castle-gate aforesaid; and for preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein. Page 484

xxvi. An Act to alter, explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands in the Isle of Ely and County of Norfolk, lying between The Hundred Foot River and the Ouze, and bounded on the South by the Hard Lands of Mepall, Wicham, Wentworth, Wichford, Ely, Downham, and Littleport; and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to sell certain Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invested Lands. 485

xxvii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers' of two Acts, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from The Swan Inn at Leatherhead, to the May Pole at the upper End of Spital or Somerset-Street, in the Parish of Stoke near the Town of Guldeford, in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

xxviii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the Borough of Lyme Regis, and from the Turnpike Road on Uplyme Hill to the Turnpike Road at The Three Ashes, in the Parish of Crewkerne, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned. Ibid.

xxix. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second and ths twentieth-Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Ripon, by Ingram Bank, to the Town of Pateley Bridge, in the County of York. Ibid.

xxx. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Town of Denbigh to the Town of Saint Asaph, and from thence to the Town and Port of Ruthland, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint; and for repealing an Act, made in the thirty second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as the same relates to the said Road. Ibid.

xxxi. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and altering the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge in the County of Flint. Page 485

xxxii. An Act for repealing an Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Aberdeen; and for the more effectually amending, widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair the said Roads, and other Roads in the said County, and for levying a Conversion Money in lieu of the Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County. Ibid.

xxxiii. An Act for draining, improving, and preserving the Low Lands and Grounds within the Townships of Croston, Mawdesley, Rufford, Bispham, Tarleton, and Bretherton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

xxxiv. An Act for enlarging the Powers of so much of two Acts made in the twenty-ninth and thirty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, as relates to the Road from Perth to Cupar, or the Neighbourhood thereof, towards Glammis, as far as the Confines of the said County. Ibid.

xxxv. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint John Hampstead the County of Middlesex. 486

xxxvi. An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal to raise Money for completing the said Canal, and to vary the Line of the said Canal, and to alter, explain, and amend, the Act, passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making the said Canal. Ibid.

xxxvii. An Act to enable the Dearne and Dove Canal Company to finish and complete the said Canal, and the several Collateral Cuts branching therefrom; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal and Collateral Cuts; and for encreasing the Tolls thereby granted. Ibid.

xxxviii. An Act for altering and amending an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Peak Forest Canal; and for granting to the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal further and other Powers. Ibid.

xxxix. An Act for enabling the Huddersfield Canal Company to finish and complete the Huddersfield Canal; and for amending the Act, passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Huddersfield Canal. Ibid.

xl. An Act for amending and making more effectual an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for embanking, draining, and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon, and in the Parishes of Doddington, March, Benwick, Wimblington, and Chatteris, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge; and for amending the Road from a certain Bridge in the Parish of Chatteris aforesaid, called Carter's Bridge, by a Drain called Vermuyden's, or The Forty Feet Drain, to a Bridge called The Forty Feet Bridge, in the said Parish of Ramsey; so far as the said Act relates to embanking the Lands therein described, called by the Name of The Upper District or Division. Ibid.

xli. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for building a Bridge across the River Tawey, at a Place called The Wich Tree, in the Parish of Llansamlett, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Llangefelach, in the County of Glamorgan; for making proper Avenues or Roads to and from the said Bridge, and also for repairing and widening the Road from Pentre Brock, near a Place called Aberdwyberthy, in the Parish of Saint Johns, near Swansea, to the said intended Bridge. Page 486

xlii. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution two several Acts, passed in the thirty-fifth and thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill, and for raising, on the Credit of the Orphans' Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes; and for explaining and amending the said Acts. 487

xliii. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from, or from near, Lightpill Gate, on the Road leading from Bath to Dudbridge, in the Parish of Rodborough, to join the Turnpike Road from Painswick to Cheltenham, at or near to Birdlip, in the Parishes of Brimpsfield and Cowley, or one of them, all in the County of Gloucester. 489

xliv. An Act for shutting up and discontinuing certain Roads and Foot Paths, leading through the Grounds of Sir Richard Brooke Baronet, in the Townships of Norton and Halton, in the Parish of Runcorn, and County Palatine of Chester, and for making and maintaining other Roads instead thereof. Ibid.

xlv. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Chapel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham to Newhaven, and from the Four Lane Ends, near Oakerthorpe, to Ashborne, and from the Cross Post on Wirksworth Moor, to join the Road leading from Chesterfield to Chapel-en-le-Frith, at or near Longston, in the County of Derby, and from Selfton to Annesley Woodhouse, in the County of Nottingham. Ibid.

xlvi. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the Road from a Place called The Stone Pillar or Cross Hand, in the Parish of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, to or near to a Bridge called Knox Bridge, in the Parish of Westerleigh, in the County of Gloucester, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties of Wilts and Gloucester. Ibid.

xlvii. An Act for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London. Ibid.

xlviii. An Act for providing a Workhouse for the Use of the Parish of Aldbourne in the County of Wilts; and for appointing an additional Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the said Parish. 499

xlix. An Act for forming, paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving, and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Squares, and other Publick Passages and Places, which are and shall be made upon certain Pieces or Plots of Ground, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, belonging to the Most Noble Francis Duke of Bedford. 501

l. An Act for enclosing and embellishing the Centre of an Area of a certain Square, intended to be called Russell Square, purposed to be made in the Parish of Saint George Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex, and for forming and making the same into a Pleasure Ground, and fur continuing and keeping the same in Repair. Page 501

li. An Act for the repairing the Parish Church of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex. 502

lii. An Act for explaining, amending, and continuing an Act made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the Shire of Argyll. Ibid.

liii. An Act for repealing so much of an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Removal and Rebuilding of the Council Chamber, Guildhall, and Gaol of the City of New Sarum, and for ascertaining the Tolls of the Market, and regulating the Chairmen within the said City, as requires the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of New Sarum to build a new Gaol within the said City, or the Suburbs or Precincts thereof; and for authorising the Commitment of Felons and other Persons within the Limits of the said City and the Close thereof, to the Gaol of the County of Wilts; and for explaining and amending the said Act. Ibid.

liv. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for improving the Navigation of the River Ouse, between Newhaven Bridge and Lewes Bridge, in the County of Sussex, and for the better draining of the Low Lands lying in Lewes and Laughton Levels, in the said County. 503

lv. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Leicester Navigation to Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to complete their Navigation, and to discharge the Debts contracted by them in the making thereof; and for amending the Act, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Navigation. Ibid.

lvi. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Oakham Canal to raise Money for completing the said Canal, and also for altering and amending an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making the said Canal. Ibid.

lvii. An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Lancaster Canal Navigation to complete the same. Ibid.

lviii. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Marsh Meadow, and Waste Lands, in the Manor of Forebridge, and in the Parish of Castle Church, in the County of Stafford, and for embanking and draining Part of the said Common Fields, Marsh Meadow, and Waste Lands, and certain other Low Lands and Grounds in the said Parish of Castle Church, and in the adjoining Parishes, Townships, and Places of Sow Saint Thomas, otherwise Saint Thomas upon Sow, Coton, Berkswich, and Saint Mary in Stafford, in the said County of Stafford. Ibid.

lix. An Act for building a new Bridge over the River Chelmer, or Blackwater, at Fullbridge, in the Town of Maldon, in the County of Essex. Ibid.

lx. An Act for establishing and well governing the Charitable Institution commonly called The Asylum, or House of Refuge for the Reception of Orphan Girls, the Settlements of whose Parents cannot be found, and for incorporating the Subscribers thereto; and for the better empowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Designs. Ibid.

lxi. An Act for repealing two Acts, one made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the other in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Half-way House, in the Parish of Lower Compton, in the County of Dorset, through the Towns of Yeovil, Crewkerne, and Chard, to the East End of the Town of Axminster, in the County of Devon, and several other Roads therein mentioned; and also, for repealing so much of an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, as relates to repairing the Road from the Direction Post in Widcombe Moor, through Street Ash Lane, to Chard, and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes, and for altering and diverting certain Parts of the said Roads. Page 504

lxii. An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending an Act, passed in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Elsdon high Cross, near the Town of Elsdon, in the County of Northumberland, to the Red Swyre, upon the Mid Border between England and Scotland. Ibid.

lxiii. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Port of Borrowstounness, by the West of the Borough of Linlithgow, and by the Towns of Torpichen, Bathgate, and Whiteburn, and from thence Southward to the Confines of the County of Linlithgow, at or near Hollhouseburn. Ibid.

lxiv. An Act to continue for twenty-one Years and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport in the County of Salop, and several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from Newport aforesaid to the Village or Place called Welsh Harp, in the Township of Stonnall, in the County of Stafford, being the third District of the said Roads. Ibid.

lxv. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the Roads therein mentioned, leading from the Town of Leominster, in the County of Hereford.

lxvi. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein-mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Ruthin, in the County of Denbigh, to the Town of Mold, in the County of Flint. Ibid.

lxvii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts, passed for amending the Highway between Hockliffe and Woburn, in the County of Bedford, and for repairing the Road leading through Woburn to Tickford Bridge, in Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks. Ibid.

lxviii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending, repairing, and widening the Roads leading from the Ryeway, in the Parish of Yarpole, in the County of Hereford, to Presteigne, in the County of Radnor, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Radnor, and in the Counties Hereford and Salop. Page 505

lxix. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the Town of Warminster in the County of Wilts, to a Place where the Roads to Bath and Bristol divide, and from the Town of Frome to the Town of Beckington, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned. Ibid.

lxx. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repaying and widening the Road leading from the East Side of Lincoln Heath to the City of Peterborough, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Northampton and Lincoln. Ibid.

lxxi. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, to the federal Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester and Salop respectively. Ibid.

lxxii. An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Spalding High Bridge through Littleworth, and by Frognall, and over James Deeping Stone Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Maxey Outgang, in the County of Northampton, adjoining to the High Road there. Ibid.

lxxiii. An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading out of the Common Highway from Wigan to Golborn and Warrington, near the Northerly End of the Southerly Platt Bridge in Ince in Mackerfield, by Ramferlong, into the Turnpike Road from Wigan to Ashton, in Ashton in Mackerfield, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

lxxiv. An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the South End of the Moor Lane, in the Township of Great Bolton, into the Turnpike Road from Manchester to Wigan, near Westhoughton Chapel, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. 506

lxxv. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to such of the Roads from Tetbury, and other Places in the County of Gloucester as are comprized in the said last mentioned Act, and for amending and repairing certain other Roads in and through the Parish of Horsley, and near Tetbury aforesaid, in the said County of Gloucester. Ibid.

lxxvi. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for amending the Road from the nine Mile Stone on the Bristol Road, at or near a Place called The Clay Pits, to or near the Chapel at Stone, and also the Roads to or near Berkeley, Dursley, Wotton-under-Edge, Stroud, and Sodbury, and several other Roads in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts, except so far as the said Act relates to the Roads to or near Sodbury aforesaid. Page 506

lxxvii. An Act to empower the Guardians of the Most Noble Henry Duke of Newcastle, an infant, to grant Leases of certain Parts of his Estates in the County of Nottingham. Ibid.

lxxviii. An Act for vesting certain detached Parts of the Estates devised by the Will of Michael Hicks Esquire, in the Counties of Essex, Norfolk, Suffolk, and Gloucester, and in London, in Trustees for carrying into Execution certain Agreements for Sale of Parts thereof, and to sell the other Parts thereof, and to apply the Money arising from such Sales in the Purchase of other Estates in the said County of Gloucester, to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

lxxix. An Act for vesting the Estates of Penyston Portlock Powney Esquire, deceased, situate in the County of Berks, in Trustees, to be sold, for paying Incumbrances and Debts, and for laying out the Surplus under the Directions of the Court of Chancery in the Purchase of other Estates, to be conveyed to the Trustees of the Will of the said Penyston Portlock Powney, in lieu thereof. Ibid.

lxxx. An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of the Holy Trinity of Chichester, and the Right Honourable sames Lord Selsey, and the Honourable John Peachey, of certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

lxxxi. An Act for more effectually vesting and facilitating the raising of a Sum of ten thousand Pounds, which, by the Settlement of the Family Estates of the Right Honourable George Augustus Earl of Guilford, was provided for the Portions of his younger Children, in and fen the Benefit of the Honourable Lady Maria North, (the only Child of the said Earl by the Right Honourable Maria Countess of Guilford, his late Wife,) if she shall live to attain the Age of twenty one Years, or to be married. Ibid.

lxxxii. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Tristram Huddlestone Jervoise Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise therefrom, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. Ibid.

lxxxiii. An Act for investing Part of the Personal Estate of Robert Child Esquire, deceased, in the Purchase of an Estate, situate near Osterley Park, in the County of Middlesex, to be settled upon the Trusts, and for the Purposes therein mentioned. 507

lxxxiv. An Act for vesting the Settled Estates of Sir Clement Cottrell Dormer, which were devised by the Will of William Phillips Lee Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, and for other Purposes. Ibid.

lxxxv. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing. the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Llanfwrog, in the County of Denbigh. Ibid.

lxxxvi. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Walton upon Thames, and the Manor of Walton Leigh, in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

lxxxvii. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows and Pastures, Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parishes of Byfleet and Weybridge, and Manor of Byfleet, with its Members; in the County of Surrey. Page 510

lxxxviii. An Act for extending the Royalty of the City of Glasgow over certain adjacent Lands; for paving, lighting, and cleansing the Streets, for regulating the Police, and appointing Officers and Watchmen; for dividing the City into Wards, and appointing Commissioners; and for raising Funds, and giving certain Powers to the Magistrates and Council, and Town and Dean of Guild Courts for the above and other Purposes. 511

lxxxix. An Act to empower the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to purchase certain Houses and Grounds contiguous to the Bank of England, and to enable them to improve certain Avenues adjacent thereto. 512

xc. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, two Acts made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwise Grant, Ouse, and Mildenhall Rivers, and bounded on the South-east by the hard Lands of Isleham, Fordham, Soham, and Wicken; and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level to sell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called Invested Lands; and for laying certain Rates on Vessels navigated upon the said Rivers, towards Supporting the Banks thereof. Ibid.

xci. An Act for better draining and preserving the Lands and Grounds in the Fourth District of the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level; and for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to the said Fourth District. Ibid.

xcii. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Waste Lands in the Manor of Worthen, and the Manors or Townships of Aston Pigot and Aston Rogers, in the Parish of Worthen, in the County of Salop, and for draining, and otherwise improving, certain inclosed Lands adjoining or near a certain Rivulet or Brook called The Rea, commencing at or near a certain Piece of Water called Marton Pool, on the Confines of the Parish of Chirbury, and extending through the said Parish of Worthen, to a Bridge across the said River, called Horse Bridge, on the Confines of the Parish of Westbury, in the said County, and sundry Streams or Brooks emptying themselves thereinto. Ibid.

xciii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House, in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, and several other Roads therein mentioned. 513

xciv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, as relates to the Road from Parkhouse, to or near the Three Mile House, in the County of Lanark. Ibid.

xcv. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Hundred House, in the County of Worcester, and also several other Roads therein mentioned. Page 513.

xcvi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair, the Road from a certain Bridge over a brook or Stream called Sudbrook, near the City of Gloucester, to the Nine Mile Stone on the Bristol Road, at or near a Place called The Clay Pits, in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

xcvii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Gloucester to the Town of Stroud, in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

xcviii. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates devised by the Will of Sir Patrick Blake Baronet, deceased, situate and being in the Counties of Middlesex and Suffolk, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Incumbrances affecting the same Estates, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, and for laying out the Surplus of the Purchase Money in other Estates upon the Trusts and for the Purposes therein expressed. Ibid.

xcix. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Sir Richard Hotham Knight, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Incumbrances, and for laying out the Surplus Monies in other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. Ibid.

c. An Act for Sale of certain Estates in the Parishes of Claypole, Great Ponton, and Kirton, in the County of Lincoln, devised by the Will of the Reverend William Rastall, Doctor in Divinity, and for laying out the Money arising by Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned. Ibid.

ci. An Act for enabling the Tenants for Life, under the Will of the late William Wright Esquire, to convey in Fee, or grant Leases for long Terms of Years, for the Purpose of Building of Part of the Estates devised by the said Will, In the Counties Palatine of Chester and Lancaster. Ibid.

cii. An Act to enable Sir George Pigot Baronet, Margaret Fisher, and Frances Pigot, to dispose of a certain diamond therein mentioned by a Lottery. 514

ciii. An Act for enabling the Most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, and the Duke of Richmond for the Time being, to charge with Jointures the Annuity of nineteen thousand Pounds, (payable out of the Consolidated Fund, in lieu of the Coal Duty granted by King Charles the Second to Charles first Duke of Richmond, and the Heirs of his Body,) and the Stocks on Transfer of which the said Annuity is made redeemable, and for enabling the Sale of Part of the said Stocks, and investing the Money arising from any such Sale in the Purchase of Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, and for other Purposes. 515

civ. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the recovering of Small Debts, and for the relieving of poor Debtors in London; and an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the above-mentioned Act; and likewise for extending the Powers of the Court of Requests in the City of London, in and by the said two several Acts continued and established. Ibid.

cv. An Act for taking down, and re-building upon a more enlarged Scale, the Chapel of Saint Mary, in the Town of Caernarvon. Page 519

cvi. An Act for establishing a new Church or Chapel lately erected on the South Side of Hunter Street, within the Town and Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

cvii. An Act for the Appointment and Regulation of Pilots and Hoblers for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into and out of the Port or Harbour and River of Neath, in the County of Glamorgan; for placing Buoys upon the Bar of Neath, and the Removal of Obstructions in the Paid Port or Harbour and River; for regulating the Mooring of Ships and Vessels therein; and for the Regulation of Porters within the said Port or Harbour and River, and within the Town of Neath. 521

cviii. An Act for altering and amending an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, to the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, with a Collateral Branch to Northam, within the Liberties of the Town of Southampton. 523

cix. An Act for enabling the Horncastle Navigation Company to raise a further Sum of Money to complete the said Navigation, and for amending an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Navigation. Ibid.

cx. An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for opening, makings widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Ratcliff Highway, through Cannon Street, in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of Essex, and also from the West End of Brook Street into Cable Street, and from Upper Shadwell Street, into the Back Lane, of the said County of Middlesex. Ibid.

cxi. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two, Acts, passed for repairing, amending, and widening, the Road from Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, so far as the same relate to that Part of the said Road which lies within the Counties of Westmorland and Lancaster. 524

cxii. An Act for continuing for twenty one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the tenth Year of live Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Sutton, in the County of Surrey, through the Borough of Reigate, by Sidlow Mill to Povey Cross, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the same County. Ibid.

cxiii. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the most Honourable Arthur Marquis of Downshire, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and Earl of Hillsborough, in the Kingdom of England, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in Lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, and for other Purposes. Ibid.

cxiv. An Act for the Partition of divers Estates of the late Sir Humphrey Brigges Baronet, in which the Right Honourable Richard Viscount Fitzwilliam, in the Kingdom of Ireland, the Reverend Richard Huntley and George Brooke Esquire, have undivided Shares. Page 524

cxv. An Act for confirming a Partition made of the Estates of the late Humphrey Pitt Esquire, and certain Powers of Sale, mentioned in the Partition Deeds. Ibid.

cxvi. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands in the Parish of Ysceifiog, in the County of Flint, and in the Parish of Nannerch, in the Counties of Flint and Denbigh. Ibid.

cxvii. An Act for enabling Trustees to enfranchise Copyhold Messuages or Tenements in the Manor of Brighthelmston, in the County of Sussex, and to grant Leases of certain other Tenements within the said Manor, devised by the Will of the late Charles Scrafe Esquire, deceased. 527

cxviii. An Act for draining, embanking, and preserving, divers Tracts of Land within the Township of Muston, in the Parish of Hunmanby, and also within sundry other Parishes, Townships, or Places adjoining or near to the Rivers Derwent and Harford, in the East and North Ridings of the County of York. Ibid.

cxix. An Act for effectuating a Partition or Division of certain Freehold and Copyhold, or Customary, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Worcester, heretofore the Estates of Holland Cooksey Esquire, deceased, and for substituting Thomas Bird Gentleman, to be a Trustee in the Place of William Dowdeswell Esquire, now in Parts beyond the Sea, for all the Purposes for which the said William Dowdeswell, jointly with Thomas Blayney Gentleman, is a Trustee of one undivided Fifth Part of the said Freehold and Copyhold, or Customary, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments. 531

cxx. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Waste Lands, and Marshes, in the Parish of Whitford, in the County of Flint, and for fencing the said Marshes. Ibid.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Tilbrooke, in the County of Bedford.

2. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Islip, in the County of Northampton.

3. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Salhouse, in the County of Norfolk.

4. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Langley, in the County of Norfolk.

5. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Warren Commons, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Cawston, in the County of Norfolk.

6. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Moor, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Locking, in the County of Somerset.

7. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Bythorn, in the County of Huntingdon.

8. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Thorpe, next Norwich, in the County of Norfolk, and in the County of the City of Norwich.

9. An Act for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, two certain Tracts of Land now held and used as Stinted Common of Pasture, within the Parish of Snettisham, in the County of Norfolk.

10. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Meadow, Ley Pasture, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Wendlebury, in the County of Oxford.

11. An Act for separating the Commons or Waste Grounds of the Manor of East Horseley, in the County of Surrey, which lie in the several Parishes of East Horseley and Ockham, within the said Manor, and for settling the Rights of Common thereon.

12. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, lying within the Parish of Bloxham, in the County of Oxford.

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Commons or Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Martin with Grafton in the County of York.

14. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Burliscombe, in the County of Devon.

15. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Parcels of Common, Moor, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Skelmanthorpe, in the West Riding of the County of York.

16. An Act for dividing, allotting, regulating, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Normanton upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham.

17. An Act for vesting in Heneage Leggs and William Sheldon Esquires, divers Freehold Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, late the Estate of Sarah West Widow, and conveyed by her to Joseph Martin Esquire, and Beriah Hills Gentleman, by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the twentieth and twenty-first Days of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, upon several Trusts, and for enabling the said Heneage Legge and William Sheldon, to execute such of the same Trusts as are now subsisting.

18. An Act for uniting the North Mediety of the Rectory of Leverton, in the County of Lincoln, with the South Mediety of the same Rectory, from and after the next Avoidance of either Benefice.

19. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Milton, in the County of Cambridge.

20. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common or Waste Ground called Ashby Woulds, in the Manor and Parish of Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of Leicester.

21. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parishes of Stoke-upon-Tern, and Hinstock, in the County of Salop.

22. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Field, or Mesne Inclosure, Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Denby, otherwise Denby with Clayton West, in the West Riding of the County of York.

23. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Land and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Over and Nether Dean, in the County of Bedford.

24. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Common Meadows, within such Part of the Parish of Welfordas is within the County of Gloucester.

25. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a Common called Tanfield Moor, in the Parish of Chester-le-Street, in the County of Durham.

26. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Farndish, in the Counties of Bedford and Northampton, or one of them.

27. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ryhall with Belmesthorpe, otherwise Belminsthorpe, in the County of Rutland.

28. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Open Fields, Commons, Commonable Wood Grounds, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ovington, in the County of Norfolk.

29. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Barnack with Pitsgate, in the County of Northampton.

30. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Tholthorpe and Flawith, in the Parish of Alne, in the North Riding of the County of York.

31. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Edward Henry Columbine Esquire, with Anna Maria Starr, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

32. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Shalbourn, in the Counties of Wilts and Berks.

33. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of East Poringland, West Poringland, Framingham Earl, Framingham Pigot, Bixley, Armeringhall, Stoke Holy Cross, and Caister Saint Edmund, in the County of Norfolk; and for making a Compensation for the Tythes arising in the said Parishes of East Poringland, Framingham Earl, and Bixley.

34. An Act for dividing, alloting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Carrs, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Wrawby-cum-Brigg, in the County of Lincoln.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Fen Grounds, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Brooke, in the County of Norfolk.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Newton Bromshold, in the County of Northampton, and also such of the Open Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Higham Ferrers, in the said County of Northampton, as are called or known by the Names of The Buscotts and No Man's Leys.

37. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Barholm, in the County of Lincoln.

38. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving the several Open Arable Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Womersley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

39. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Saint John Hertford, and the Liberty of Brickendon, in the Parish of All Saints Hertford, in the County of Hertford.

40. An Act for vesting the Manor of Moreton, and divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments in Moreton in the County of Stafford, devised by the Will of Sir William Wolseley Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for the Application of the Money to arise from such Sale, and for other Purposes.

41. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Richard Wood Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in Lieu thereof, to the same Uses, and for other Purposes.

42. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Little Plumstead in the County of Norfolk.

43. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields and Waste Ground within the Township of Holmpton, in the Parishes of Holmpton and Hollym cum Withernsea, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York.

44. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Waste Lands in the Parish of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham.

45. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Wastes, in the Vills or Hamlets of High Egbrough, Low Egbrough, Sherwood, Hutgreen, and Tranmoor, in the Parish of Kellington, in the West Riding of the County of York.

46. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Ings, Marshes, Common, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Carlton in the Parish of Snaith, and the Manor and Township of Camblesforth, in the Parish of Drax, in the West Riding of the County of York.

47. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Sprowston in the County of Norfolk.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing Noman's Moor, otherwise Norman's Moor, within the North Riding of the County of York.

49. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Thurstonland, in the Parish of Kirkburton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

50. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Commons, and Waste Lands in the Parish of Winterborne Stickland, in the County of Dorset, and for extinguishing the Tithes in the same Parish.

51. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, and also the Waste Lands and Grounds, within the several Parishes of Hanworth, Feltham, and Sunbury, in the County of Middlesex.

52. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, the Open Arable Fields, Stinted Pastures, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Kearby, other wise Kirkby, other wise Kirby-cum-Netherby, in the Parish of Kirkby-Overblow, in the West Riding of the County of York.

53. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Lands in the Manors and Townships of Hale and Halewood, in the Parish of Childwall, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

54. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Pastures, Wastes, and other uninclosed Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Braceborough, in the County of Lincoln, and for making Compensation for the Tithes within the same Parish.

55. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Lammas Lands, Commons, Heaths, Moors, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Iver, in the County of Buckingham.

56. An Act to enable Justinian Kerry Esquire, and his Issue, to take the Surname and Arms of Ekins only, pursuant to the Will of Justinian Ekins Esquire, deceased.

57. An Act to enable the Trustees therein named, to repair the new Bridge over the River Avon, from the City of Bath, to the Manor of Bathwick, and to raise a sufficient Sum for that Purpose by a Charge on the Trust Estates of the late General Pulteney, or to apply in that Manner certain Sums which may be payable to the said Trust Estates from the Company of Proprietors of the Kennet and Avon Canal Navigation.

58. An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell such Part or Parts of the entailed Estate of Blairhall and others, in the Counties of Fife and Perth, belonging to Mistress Ann Ranaldson Dickson, Wife of James Ranaldson Dickson, of Blairhall, Esquire, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts and Provisions to younger Children affecting the same.

59. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parishes of Exton and Cottesmore with Barrow, in the County of Rutland, and for extinguishing the Tythes in those Parishes.

60. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Heath Lands, and Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Cassington, in the County of Oxford, and in the Hamlet of Worton, otherwise Workton, within the said Parish.

61. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish’ of South Hykeham, in the County of Lincoln, and for making Compensation to the Rector of South Hykeham aforesaid, in Lieu of the Tithes of all the Titheable Lands within the same Parish.

62. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Guilden Morden, in the County of Cambridge.

63. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, and a Tract of Heath Land, within the Parish of Ensham, in the County of Oxford.

64. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Holywell with Needingworth, in the County of Huntingdon.

65. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Half Year or Shack Lands, Warrens, Commons, Heaths, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Horsford, Horsham Saint Faith's and Hamlet of Newton Saint Faith's, in the County of Norfolk.

66. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Elsworth in the County of Cambridge.

67. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Ingburchworth, in the Parish of Penistone, in the West Riding of the County of York.

68. An Act for confirming and establishing the Division and Inclosure of a certain Common, or Parcel of Waste Land, called Seifton Forest, otherwise The Long Forest, within the Townships of Seifton, Bache, and Norton, in the Parish of Culmington, in the County of Salop, and certain Exchanges of Lands and Estates within the said Parish.

69. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Wyfall, in the County of Nottingham.

70. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Common Fields and Waste Lands, within or adjoining the Parish of Saint Mary, in Stafford, in the County of Stafford.

71. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadow, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ordfall, in the County of Nottingham.

72. An Act for naturalizing Alexander John Gaspard Marcet.

73. An Act for the Sale of the George inn, in the Town of Northampton, vested in Trustees for Charitable Purposes under the Will of John Driden Esquire, deceased, and for investing the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, until a proper Purchase can be found, and in the mean Time for applying the Dividends and annual Produce thereof for the same Charitable Purposes.

74. An Act to give to Trustees Powers of Sale, Exchange, and Partition, over such of the Shares of Estates comprized in the Marriage Settlement of William Barbor Esquire, as are situate in the County of Somerset, and to lay out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Estates, to be situate in the County of Devon, and to give a Power of changing and appointing new Trustees of the Estates so to be sold.

75. An Act for dividing, plotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Rocester, and in the Township of Denston, within the Parishes of Rocester aforesaid, and Alveton, in the County of Stafford.

76. An Act for exchanging, allotting, improving, and inclosing, certain Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Parish of Huntspill, in the County of Somerset, and for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, a certain Open and Commonable Pasture, called Stert Common, situate in the Parish of Huntspill aforesaid, and in the Parishes of Cannington, Stockland Bristol, and Stogursey, in the said County of Somerset.

77. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Connington, in the County of Cambridge.

78. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Oxford.

79. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common, Common Fields, Common Marshes, and Waste Land, within the Parish of Edmonton, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

80. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable apd Waste Lands, within the Manor or Tithing of Chirton, otherwise Cherrington, in the County of Wilts.

81. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the several Manors or Townships of Hunmanby and Fordon, in the Parish of Hunmanby, in East Riding of the County of York, and for making Compensation in Lieu of Tythe arising in, over, or upon, the same, and in, over, and upon, certain ancient inclosed Lands in the same Townships.

82. An Act for naturalizing Frederick William Wistinghausen.

83. An Act for naturalizing Charles Gotthold Nicolay.

84. An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Waste and Down; Ground, within the Parish or Township of Sparsholt, in the County of Berks, and within the Hamlet of Westcote, in the same Parish and County.

85. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Heaths and Commons, and for exonerating, from Common Right, the Half Year Lands and Lammas Lands, within the Manors of Dedham Hall and Overhall and Netherhall, in the Parish of Dedham, in the County of Essex.

86. An Act for naturalizing Francis Julius Micheli.

87. An Act for naturalizing John Tulliken.

88. An Act for naturalizing John Joachim Vital de Boubée de Brouquens, an Infant.

89. An Act for naturalizing Johan Gotlieb Lebrecht Sultzbergen.

90. An Act for naturalizing Jean Elizabeth Grammont Vallete, Widow.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Publick and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the Fifth Session of the Eighteenth Parliament of Great Britain, in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of

GEORGE III.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

Anno 41 Georgii III.

1. An Act to prohibit until the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and one, the exportation of rice; and to indemnify all persons who have been concerned in preventing the exportation thereof, or in the nonperformance of any contracts and agreements that shall not have been performed in consequence thereof. Page 537

2. An Act to authorise his Majesty, from time to time, to prohibit the exportation of provisions or food. 539

3. An Act to prohibit, until the first day at January one thousand eight hundred and two, the use of corn in distilling of spirits or making of starch. 540

4. An Act for suspending, until the twentieth day of August one thousand eight hundred and one, the duties on hops imported, and for charging other duties in lieu thereof. 542

5. An Act for continuing, until the expiration of forty days after the commencement of the first session of parliament that, shall be begun, and holden after the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and one, several laws relating to the prohibiting the exportation, and permitting the importation, of corn and other articles of provision, without payment of duty; to the allowing the use of sugar in the brewing of beer; to the reducing the duties upon spirits distilled from melasses and sugar; and to the prohibiting the making of low wines or spirits from wheat, and certain other articles, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland. 543

6. An Act for shortening, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, the time of keeping in steep for malting, barley damaged by rain in the late harvest. Page 544

7. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and one. 545

8. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a duty on pensions, offices, and personal estates, in England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed; and certain duties on sugar, malt, tobacco, and snuff, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and one. Ibid.

9. An Act to explain and amend an act, made in the twenty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better relief and employment of the poor. 546

10. An Act for granting bounties on the importation of wheat, barley, rye, oats, pease, beans, and Indian corn, and of barley, rye, oat and Indian meal, wheaten flour, and rice. Ibid.

11. An Act to permit, until the first day of October, one thousand eight hundred and one, the importation of herrings and other fish, the produce of the fishery carried on in Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Newfoundland, and on the coast of Labrador, into this kingdom, without payment of duty. 552

12. An Act for making better provision for the maintenance of the poor, and for diminishing the consumption of bread corn, by directing the manner of applying parish relief, until the sixth day of November one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence until the end of six weeks after the meeting of the then next session of parliament. Page 552

13. An Act to enable commissioners to purchase certain buildings for the accommodation of the two houses of parliament. 558

14. An Act for raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and one; and for appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament. 560

15. An Act for taking an account of the population of Great Britain, and of the increase or diminution thereof. Ibid.

16. An Act to prevent, until the sixth day of November one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the end of six weeks from the commencement of the then next session of parliament, the manufacturing of any fine flour from wheat, or other grain, and the making of any bread solely from the fine flour of wheat; and to repeal an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for permitting bakers to make and sell certain sorts of bread, and to make more effectual provision for the same. 568

17. An Act to prohibit, until the first day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the end of six weeks next after the commencement of the then next session of parliament, any person or persons from selling any bread which shall not have been baked twenty-four hours. 575

18. An Act to permit, until the first day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, the importation of Swedish herrings into Great Britain. 576

19. An Act to remove doubts arising upon the construction of an act of this session of parliament, intituled An act for granting bounties on the importation of wheat, barley, rye, oats, pease, beans, and Indian corn, and of barley, rye, oat, and Indian meal, and wheaten flour and rice. Ibid.

20. An Act to revive and continue until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, and amend so much of an act of the last session of parliament, as relates to the reducing and better collecting the duties payable on the importation of starch; and to continue for the same time several laws relating to the enabling his Majesty to permit goods to be imported into this kingdom in neutral ships: to the authorising his Majesty to make regulations respecting the trade to the Cape of Good Hope; and to the preventing offences in obstructing, destroying, or damaging ships, and in obstructing seamen and others from pursuing their lawful occupations. 577

21. An Act for allowing, until the fifteenth day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, the use of salt, duty free, in the preserving of fish in bulk or in barrels; for protecting persons engaged in such fisheries from being impressed into his Majesty's service; for discontinuing the bounty payable on white herrings exported; and for allowing a bounty on pilchards now cured, whether exported or sold for home consumption. Ibid.

22. An Act to authorise his Majesty to appoint commissioners for the more effectual examination of accounts of publick expenditure for his Majesty's forces in the West Indies during the present war. 582

23. An Act for making the port of Amsterdam in the island of Curaçao a free port. Page 583

24. An Act for continuing, until six months after the conclusion of a general peace, three acts, made in the thirty-third and thirty-eighth years of his present Majesty's reign, for establishing regulations respecting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases. 584

25. An Act for allowing the importation of undressed hemp from any of the countries that lie within the limits of the exclusive trade of the East India company free of duty. Ibid.

26. An Act for continuing, until the first day of June one thousand eight hundred and one, the several acts for regulating the turnpike roads in Great Britain, which expire at the end of the present session of parliament. 585

27. An Act for extending the time for the payment of certain sums of money advanced by way of loan to several persons connected with and trading to the islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent. Ibid.

28. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several acts made in the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth years of the reign of his present Majesty, and in the last session of parliament, for the redemption and purchase of the land tax. 587

29. An Act for further continuing, until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and seven, an act, made in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better prevention and punishment of attempts to seduce persons serving in his Majesty's forces, by sea or land, from their duty and allegiance to his Majesty, or to incite them to mutiny or disobedience. 590

30. An Act for explaining and amending an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for erecting a lazaret on Chetney Hill, in the county of Kent, and for reducing into one act the laws relating to quarantine; and for making further provisions therein, as far as regards the payment of the tonnage duty in the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man. Ibid.

31. An Act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for those purposes, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and one; to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and one, to provide admissions duly stamped; to permit such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first day of Michaelmas term one thousand eight hundred and one; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerics of the peace within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for that purpose, until the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and one. Ibid.

32. An Act for further continuing, until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, several Acts made in the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, and in the last Session of Parliament, for empowering his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government. Page 591

PUBLICK LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

Anno 41 Georgii III.

i. AN Act to continue, for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Towcester, through Silverston and Brackley, in the County of Northampton, and Ardley and Middleton Stoney, to Weston Gate, in the Parish of Weston on the Green, in the County of Oxford. 592

ii. An Act to continue, for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called The Old Gallows, in the Parish of Sunning, in the County of Berks, through Wokingham, New Bracknowl, and Sunning Hill, to Virginia Water, in the Parish of Egham, in the County of Surrey. Page 592

iii. An Act for the better Relief of the Poor in the City of Edinburgh, and the Suburbs thereof, and certain Districts adjoining thereto. ibid.

iv. An Act for obviating a Doubt arising on the Power of Sale and Exchange contained in a Settlement of the Estates of the Right Honourable Henry Earl Bathurst. ibid.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 41 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for naturalizing Joseph Augustus Vandermersch.

2. An Act for naturalizing Charles Michel Lullin.

3. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Waste and other Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Offord Cluney, in the County of Huntingdon.

4. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Waste Grounds, and also the Open Fields and Meadows, and Commonable and intermixed Lands, within the Parish of Arlington, in the County of Gloucester.

5. An Act for naturalizing Christoph Weltjé.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. tricesimo nono.

AT the Parliament began and holden at Westminster, the twelfth Day of July, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the twentieth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; being the third Session of the eighteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Horatio Nelson Lord Nelson, and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Baron Nelson of the Nile, and of Burnham Thorpe in the County of Norfolk, shall descend, in Consideration of the eminent Service performed by the said Horatio Nelson Lord Nelson, to His Majesty and the Publick.

[17th December 1798.]

'Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS your Majesty, by your most gracious Message to your most faithful Commons, has been pleased to declare, That your Majesty having taken into your Royal Consideration the signal and glorious Service performed by Horatio Nelson Lord Nelson, one of the Rear Admirals of the Blue, off the Mouth of the Nile, in an Engagement in the Month of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, with a superior French Fleet, not only in the highest Degree honourable to himself, but eminently beneficial to your Majesty's Kingdoms; your Majesty was desirous to bestow some considerable and lasting Mark of your Royal Favour, as a Testimony of your Majesty's Approbation of the said Service; and for this purpose to give and grant unto the said Horatio Nelson Lord Nelson, and to the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Horatio Nelson Lord Nelson, to whom the Title of Baron Nelson of the Nile, and of Burnham Thorpe in the County of Norfolk, shall descend, for and during their Lives, a nett Annuity of two thousand Pounds per Annum; but your Majesty, not having it in your Power to grant an Annuity to that Amount, or to extend the Effect of the said Grant beyond the Term of your Majesty's own Life, recommended it to your faithful Commons, to consider of a proper Method of enabling your Majesty to grant the same, and of extending, securing, and settling, such Annuity to the said Horatio Nelson Lord Nelson, and to the two next Persons on whom the Title of Baron Nelson of the Nile, and of Burnham Thorpe in the County of Norfolk, shall descend, in such Manner as should be thought most effectual for the Benefit of the said Horatio Nelson Lord Nelson, and his Family: We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, duly considering your Majesty's most gracious Intention, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted,’ &c.

[A Life Annuity of 2000l, per Ann. settled on Lord Nelson, and the two next succeeding Heirs Male of his Body on whom the Title shall descend, to commence from. August 1, 1798. The first Payment to be computed from October 10, and then payable quarterly, §1. The Annuity to be paid at the Exchequer, without Fees, §2. &c.]

[with all other Provisions as in 38 Geo. III. cc. 21, 22, in the Cases of Lord St. Vincent and Lord Duncan.]

CAP. II.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

[17th December 1798.]

2 C. 3. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

CAP. III.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

[17th December 1798.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

---

[38 Geo. 3. c. 60. recited.]

intituled, An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner ther

Hates on Personal $ (late, charged by 38 Geo. 3. c. 5; and not authorised to be sold by 38 Geo. 3. c. 60. and also on Offices, Pensions, &c. shall be levied, within one Year, from March 15,

*799*

The Sums charged on all Personal Estates within any Parish, &c. under 38 Geo. t. c 5. $ 3. shall be imposed on such Parishes, &c. and raised on Personal Estates, (deducing Debts due from the Party, desperate Debts owing to them. Stock on Land, Household Goods, and Loans to his Majesty,) to be charged with as much Equality as possible, by a Pound Rate for every 100 L in Value.

The Rate to be paid quarterly, and the first Payment by June 24, 179*

by

which were or Qiould be charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments^ in Great Britain, are, after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, continued and made perpetual, with a Provision that the several Sums of Money charged upon Estates in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Personal Estates, or upon any Person or Persons in respect of any Publick Office or Employment of Profit in the said Act mentioned, should, after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, be ascertained, levied, collected,

and paid, according to the Directions of any Act or Acts to be parted for that Purpose: Now we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, taking into our serious Consideration such Expences as are absolutely necessary for supporting your Majesty's Government, and being resolved to supply the same, have for that End and Purpose cheerfully and voluntarily given and granted, and do by this Act give and grant, unto your Majesty, the several and respective Rates, Assessments, and Duties, and Sums of Money hereafter mentioned And we do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several and respective Sums of Money which shall have been, or shall be charged upon Estates in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Chattels, or other Personal Estate, by virtue of an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and which were not authorised to be sold in or by another Act, made and passed in the same thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, intituled, An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein JtatedL the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for one Year, from the twenty-fifth. Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and also the several Sums of Money herein after charged in respect of any Publick Offices or Employments, or any Annuities, Pensions, Stipends, or other annual Payments, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, within the Space of one Year, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and shall be ascertained, assessed, and taxed, in such Manner and Form as are herein after expressed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Sums of Money which shall have been or shall be charged, by virtue of the said Act, on Personal Estates as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby set and imposed on the several and respective Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places, wherein the same have been or shall be so charged by virtue of the said Act; and that towards raising the said several and respective Sums of Money hereby charged on the respective Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places, in England, Wales, and Berwick, as aforesaid, in respect of such Personal Estate as aforesaid, all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, Guilds and Fraternities, within the same Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places respectively, having any Estate in ready Money, or in any Debts whatsoever owing to them, within Great Britain or without, or having any Estate in Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Chattels, or other Personal Estate whatsoever, within Great Britain or without, belonging to or in Trust for them, (except and out of the Premises deducted, such Sums as he, she, or they, do bona fide owe, and such Debts owing to them as shall be adjudged desperate by the respective Commissioners appointed by this Act, and also except the Stock upon Lands, and such Goods as are used for Household Stuff, and also except such Loans and Debts as are or shall be owing from his Majesty to any Person or Persons,) shall be charged with as much Equality and Indifference as is possible, by a Pound Rate; that is to say, By an equal Pound Rate for every one hundred Pounds of such ready Money and Debts, and for every one hundred Pounds worth of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, Chattels, or other Personal Estate, and so for any lesser or greater Sum or Value, for or towards the said several and respective Sums by this Act set or imposed, or intended to be set or imposed, for and upon all and every such Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places, hereby charged therewith as aforesaid; so that by the said Rates to be taxed or assessed as aforesaid, for or upon the said ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Chattels, or other Personal Estate, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this present Act, the full and entire Sums hereby set or imposed, or intended to be set and imposed, in England, Wales, and Berwick, as aforesaid, upon the said Personal Estates, shall be completely and effectually taxed, assessed, levied, and collected, and shall be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer by four Quarterly Payments, the first Payment thereof to be made on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 3. 3

III. And be it further enacted, That, for and towards raising the several Sums of Money hereby charged on Persons in respect of Publick Offices or Employments of Profit, all and every Person and Persons, and all and every Commissioner and Commissioners, having, using, or exercising, any Publick Office or Employment of Profit in England, Wales, or Berwick, as aforesaid, which is or shall be rated or assessed by virtue of an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and all and every their Clerks, Agents, Secondaries, Substitutes, and other inferior Ministers whatsoever, (such Military Officers who are or shall be in Muster by the Muster-Master General of his Majesty's Army, or in pay in his Majesty's Army or Navy, in respect of such Offices only excepted,) shall yield and pay unto his Majesty any Sum not exceeding the Sum at which such Office or Employment is or shall be assessed in the Year commencing from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, determined by virtue of the said Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and that all and every Person and Persons, Guilds, Fraternities, Bodies Politick and Corporate, having an Annuity, Pension, Stipend, or other yearly Payment, either out of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer in England, or out of any Branch of his Majesty's Revenue in Great Britain, or payable, or secured to be paid by any Person or Persons whatsoever in Great Britain, (not being or issuing out of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or charged upon the same, or included in any Assessment made upon Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, mentioned in the said Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and not being Annuities or yearly Payments, which, by any Act or Acts of Parliament made, or to be made, are or shall be especially exempted from the Payment of Taxes or Aids,) shall yield and pay unto his Majesty the Sum of four Shillings for every twenty Shillings, by the Year, for every such Annuity, Pension, Stipend, or yearly Payment respectively, and after that Rate for one whole Year; the said several Rates and Sums of Money hereby granted to be assessed, imposed, levied, and collected, in such Manner as herein after is mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, for the better assessing, ordering, levying, and collecting of the several Sums of Money, so as aforesaid limited and appointed to be raised and paid in the aforesaid Part of Great Britain, called England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, and for the more effectual putting this Act in Execution in Reference to the same, all and every the Person and Persons who, in and by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the thirty-seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; or in and by another Act, made and passed in the thirty-eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted as Commissioners for executing the said Act, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, were named and appointed Commissioners for putting in Execution the same Acts within the several Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Divisions, and Places, of England, Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, duly qualifying themselves according to the said Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in that Behalf, shall be Commissioners for putting in Execution this present Act, and the Powers therein contained, within and for all and every the Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places, situate within the same Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Divisions, and Places, respectively.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several Commissioners aforesaid shall meet together at the most usual and common Places of Meeting within their respective Hundreds, Lathes, Rapes, Wapentakes, Wards, and other Divisions respectively, within England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, within which they are appointed Commissioners, on or before the thirtieth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and shall meet afterwards in like Manner, as often as it shall be necessary, for putting so much of this Act in Execution as is hereby committed to their Care and Charge; and the said Commissioners, or so many of them as shall be present at such Meeting or Meetings, or the major Part of them, are hereby authorised and required to inspect and examine the Assessments made by virtue of the said Act, for the Year ending on the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and ascertain the several and respective Sums of Money charged by virtue of the said Act, in every Parish, Constablewick, Division, Allotment, or Place, for and in respect of any Estate in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Chattels, or other Personal Estate; and also for and in respect of any Offices or Employments of Profit, Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends, as aforesaid, by any Assessment made for the said Year ending on the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and separate, divide, and set down in Writing, the Amount of the several and respective Sums charged upon

Offices and Employments rated by 3$ Geo 3. c. 5. (Military Offices of the Army or Navy excepted) Quit pay the Rnte afTdTed thtreon under that Act;

(§3)

and Pensions and Annuities (not issuing out of Premises, or included in any A (Teamen: upon them, under 380*0.3. c. 5. or not exempted) shall pay 4s. in the Pound-

Commissioners of the Land Tax appointed by 37 Geo. 3. c. 35. and 38 Geo. 3. c. *6. shall put this Act in Execution,

Commissioners shall meet on or before April 30,

to insped tM. Assessments for the Year ending March 15, 1799, on Personal Estate, Offices. &c. and distinguish them from tlioft on Land

4 C. 3. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

Estates in ready Monies, Debts, Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, Chattels, or other Personal Estate, and also the several and respective Sums charged in respect of any Offices or Employments of Profit, Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends, as aforesaid, from the Monies charged in such Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, or Places, by virtue of the said Act, upon Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and the said Commissioners are hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered, a Schedule or Duplicate, in Parchment, under their Hands and Seals, fairly written, containing the whole Sum assessed on each Parish, Constablewick, Division, Allotment, or Place, where any Assessment shall have been made upon Personal Estates, or in respect of Offices and Employments of Profits, Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends, and also the Christian Names and Surnames of the respective Assessors and Collectors, unto the Receiver General of each County, Riding, City, Borough, Town, and Place respectively, where such Assessments shall have been made, or his Deputy, and shall transmit, or cause to be transmitted, a like Schedule or Duplicate into the King’s Remembrancer’s Office of the Exchequer, and this the Commissioners shall cause to have done on or before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; for which Duplicates the Receiver and Remembrancer, or their respective Deputies, shall give to the Person who brings the same a Receipt, in Writing, gratis, under the Penalty of ten Pounds, to be recovered to the King’s Use as other Penalties are by this Act recoverable.

A Receipt shall be given for Schedules, on Penalty of 10l.

Afffr *n WhiCh Provi^e^ always, and be it further enacted, That every Parish or Place, in which any Assessment

ixjadefor the^ have ^een or be ma(k under and by virtue of the said last recited Act on any Person or Persons in Year ending respect of any Offices or Employments of Profit, Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends, by any Assessment for

March 25, the Year ending on the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall, from and after that Time, be wholly discharged from so much of the Sums to be levied upon such Parish or Place according to the Proportions established under the said recited Act.

and shall deliver a Schedule containing the Sum assessed on each Place, and the Names of the Assessors and CoUe#or»,to the Receiver General, and transmit a like Schedule to the Remembrancer’s Office of the Exchequer, before May 10, 1799.

1799, under 38 Geo. 3. c. 5. in respect cf

Offices, shall be thereafter discharged from the Sums thereby levied.

Powers and Penalties, &c. of 38 Geo. 3. c. 5. and made perpetual by 38 Geo. 3. C. 6a shall be put in fxecution in levying the Rates under this Act.

Where Deficiencies arise, new Assessments shall be

Persons shall be rated where resident

and if out of the Kingdom, in the Place of their last Abode.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which, in and by the said Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised tn Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety -eighty are provided and established for ascertaining, raising, levying, mitigating, adjudging, paying, and managing the Rates and Assessments granted by the said Act; and which, by the said other Act passed in the same thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, intituled, An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein stated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain. a Land Tax, for one Year, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety- eighty are continued and made perpetual in relation to the Rates and Assessments charged on Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,'until the Redemption and Purchase thereof, shall be practised, used, and put in Execution, in and for the ascertaining, raising, levying, mitigating, adjudging, paying, and managing the Rates, Assessments, and Sums of Money to be charged, assessed, and levied by virtue of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Proportions set by this Act upon all and every the respective Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places, in England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, in respect of any such Personal Estate as aforesaid, shall not be fully assessed, levied, and paid, according to the true Meaning thereof, or if any of the said Assessments in respect of such Personal Estate shall be rated or imposed upon any Person not being of Ability to pay the same, or that, through any Wilfulness, Neglect, Mistake, or Accident, the said Assessment, charged in each Parish or Place as aforesaid by virtue of this Act, happens not to be paid to the Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, as in this Act is directed, that then and in all and every such Case or Cases the several and respective Commissioners, Assessors, and Collectors, acting in the Execution of this Act, and every of them respectively, are hereby authorised and required to assess and re-assess, or cause to be assessed and re assessed, levied, and paid, all and every such Sum and Sums of Money upon the respective Parishes or Places wherein such Deficiencies shall happen, as to the said Commissioners, or such Number of them as by this Act are authorised to cause the said first Assessment hereby required to be made, shall seem most agreeable to Equity and Justice; the said new Assessment to be made, collected, and paid, in such Manner, and by such Means, as in this Act, or any Act hereby referred to, is declared and directed for other Assessments.

IX. And, in order to ascertain more particularly the Mode of assessing and rating the several Persons who shall be charged with any Rate or Assessment, in respect of any Estates in ready Money, Debts, or Personal Estate, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, be it further enacted, That every Person who is or shall be rated for or in respect of any Personal Estate to him or her anyways belonging, shall be rated at such Place where he or she shall be resident at the Time of the Execution of this Act \ and all Persons not being Householders, nor having a certain Place of Residence, shall be taxed at the Place where they shall be resident at the Time of the Execution of this Act; and if any Person who ought to be taxed in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of his or her Personal Estate, shall at the Time of his or her Assessment be out of the Realm, such Person shall be rated therefore in such Parish, Constablewick, Division, Allotment, or Place, where he was last abiding within this Realm.

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 3. 5

X. Provided always, That where any Person shall have any Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Chattels, or Personal Estate Personal Estate, in any Parish or Parishes, Constablewick or Constablewicks, Division or Divisions, it^all ' Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places, other than the Parish, Constablewick, Division, Allotment, or be'^though tht Place, where he or she shall be resident, or had his or her Residence, it shall be lawful, at any Time before p0fleflor refido the twenty-fourth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and' ninety-nine, to rate and afiefs such Person elsewhere.

for such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Chattels, or Personal Estate, in any Parish or Parishes, Constablewick or Constablewicks, Division or Divisions, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places, where the same shall be; provided also, that if any Person or Persons, by $eafon of his, her, or their having several Persons doubly Mansion Houses or Places of Residence, or otherwise, shall be doubly charged for any Personal Estate by rated shall be Occasion of this Act, then upon^Certificate made by any Two or more of the Commissioners for the Coun- ^ExorVs on ty. Riding, City, or Place, of his, her, or their last Personal Residence, under their Hands and Seals, of the certificate.

Sum or bums charged upon him, her, or them, (which Certificate the said Commissioners are hereby required to give without Delay, Fee, or Reward,) and upon Oath made of such Certificate before any Two Commissioners who have Authority to put this Act in Execution for the County, Riding, City, or Place, where the said Certificate shall be made, which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and re-uired to administer, then the Person or Persons so doubly charged shall, for so much as shall be certified, be ifeharged in every other Parish, Constablewick, Division, Allotment, or Place, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed.

[This Act not

XI. Provided also, That this Act shall not Extend to the Inhabitants of Scotland, Ireland, Jersey, or Guernsey, for assessing any such Personal Estate, which they, or any to their Use, have within those Places, for or to extend to

[Personal Ef-

towards the said Sum hereby authorised to be charged upon any Parish or Parishes, Constablewick or Constablewicks, Division or Divisions, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places, in England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, as aforesaid; and if any Person that ought to be taxed by virtue of this Act, for or.in respect Wey/or of his or her Personal Estate, shall, by changing his or her Place of Residence, or by any other Fraud or Co- Cucinfcy. vin, escape from the Taxation, and not be taxed, and the same be proved before the Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, at any Time within one Year next after such Tax made, every Person that shall so. Persons avoid-escape from the Taxation and Payment shall be charged upon Proof thereof, at Treble the Value of so much ing. the Tax, as he or she should or ought to have been charged at by this Act; the said Treble Value, upon Certificate bc charged thereof made into the Exchequer by the Commissioners before whom such Proof shall be made, to be levied Trcbc* on the Goods, Lands, and Hereditaments of such Persons.

XII. And, for the better Discovery of Personal Estate intended to be charged by this Act,* be it further Householder* enacted, That every Householder in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, shall, upon Demand of the A*H5IV*. Assessors of the respective Parishes or Places, give an Account of the Names and Qualities of such Persons LoSgw (on r

as shall sojourn or lodge in their respective Houses, under the Penalty of forfeiting to his Majesty the Sum of demand) on Pe-Five Pounds, to be levied and recovered in such Manner as any other Penalty in this Act mentioned shall naity of 5L and may be levied and recovered.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Members of Parliament who, at the Execution of this Members of Act, during this or the subsequent Session of Parliament, shall abide within the Cities of London and West-, mirifltr, and the Suburbs of the same, or within the county of Middlesex, shall, for or in respect of their ready the Mansion Money or Debts, or any other Tax which may be laid on their Personal Estate or Persons in respect thereof, Houses. during this or the next Session of Parliament, be assessed only in the Places where such Members have their Manhon Houses, or other Places where they most usually relide during the Intervals of Parliament; and in case any Assessor or Commissioner shall afiefs, or cause to be assefltd, any Member of Parliament, contrary to the Provision hereby made, he or they shall forfeit to the Party grieved the Sum of forty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, together with full Costs of Suit; any Thing hereiq contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, That where any Person liable to be rated in respect of such Personal Estate, and Inhabitants erf inhabiting within the City of London, or any other City or Town Corporate in England, Wales, or Berwick °r7

upon Tweed, hath his Dwelling House in one of the Parishes or Wards therein, and nath any Goods, Wares, in oneor more or Merchandizes, in any one or more of the other Parishes or Wards within the same, that then such Person parish«,shall be shall be taxed, charged, and assessed, for such his Goods and Merchandizes in the Parish or Ward where he atfefled in the dwelleth, and not elsewhere within the said City and Town Corporate. ore where they reside.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Officers in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and in Officers of the other the Public Offices, upon Request to them made by the respective Assessors, shall deliver, gratis, Exchequer and true Lists or Accounts of all Pensions, Annuities, Stipends, or other annual Payments, and of all Fees, Sa- other lanes, and orher Allowances, payable at the said Receipt, or in the said Publick Offices, to any Commissioner

or Commissioners, Officer or Officers, for the Execution of this Act, for the better Guidance of the said vtrLiftsotPui-Afle/Iors in the charging of the same; and that in all Cases where any Pensions, Annuities, Stipends, or fion*, Annui-, other yearly Payments, or the Fees, Salaries, Wages, or other Allowances or Profits, charged by this Act, tie*, ice. to the shall be payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer, or at any other Publick Office, or by any of his Majesty's Commissioner*, Receivers or Paymasters in England\ Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, the Tax or Payment which, in pur- cuidance of the fuance of this Act, shall be charged for or in respect of such Annuities, Stipends, Fees, Salaries, Wages, Al- Assessors, and lowances, or Profits, shall and may (in case of Non-payment thereof) be detained and stopped out of the in Default of feme, or out of any Money which shall be paid upon such Pensions, Annuities, Stipends, Fees, Salaries, Payment of tt* Wages, Allowances, or Profits, or for Arrears thereof, and be applied to the Satisfaction of the Rates and JJate> bc Duties not otherwise paid as aforesaid; and the proper Officers in the said Exchequer, and other the Publick uuTreniiw! &c. Offices aforesaid, shall keep true Accounts of all Monies stopped, and (upon Request) shall give Copies of 9

6 C. 3. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

Officers shall pay where employed, Sc c.

Officers in Chancery shall be affielTcd in the Rolls Liberty.

MctArrs in Chancery, Six Clerks, and Refiners, shall be Commissioners. 1'enfions, &c. to be rated where payable-

Where any Office is executed by, Deputy, the Assessment shall be paid by turn, Ax.

Iter Majesty the Queen, or the Royal Family cot chargeable in respect of Annuities.

Superannuated Sea Officers, Pensions of Widows of Set Officers, Poor Knights of Windfoiy Pen-fion to the Poor Clergy of the Isle of Man, or v the Pages of such Accounts to the proper Collectors of such Monies for the respective Parishes or Places where the said Monies are assessed by this Act.

XVI. And be it further Rafted, That every Person in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, rated or assessed for his Office or Employment, shall be rated and pay for his laid Office or Employment in the County, City, or Place, where the same shall be exercised, although the Revenue or Profits arising by such Office or Employment are payable elsewhere.

XVII. Provided always, That the Right Honourable the Master of the Rolls, the Matters in Chancery, Six Clerks, Clerks of the Petty Bag, Examiners, Registers, Clerics of the Inrolments, Clerks of the Affidavit and Subpoena Offices, and all other flic Officers of the Court of Chancery, that execute their Offices within the Liberty of the Rolls, shall there be assessed for their respective Offices, Salaries, and other Profits, and not elsewhere; and the said Matters in Chancery for the Time being, and the said Six Clerks and Registers for the Time being, shall be the Commissioners for putting in Execution, and shall put in Execution this Act, within the said Liberty, and exercise the Powers therein contained; and that all Annuities, Stipends, and Pensions, payable to any Officers in respect of their Offices, shall be taxed and assessed where such Officers are rated and assessed for their Offices, and not elsewhere; and that all other Pensions, Stipends, and Annuities, in England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, not charged upon Lands, shall be charged and assessed in the Parishes and Places where they are payable.

XVIII. And whereas divers Offices and Employments of Profit, chargeable by this Act, are executed c by Deputy, and the principal Officers living in Places remote from the Division, Parish, or Place, where such Offices or Employments are taxable, the Rates and Assessments for such particular Offices and Employments cannot be recovered without great Charge and Difficulty be it therefore enacted, That where any Office or Employment of Profit, chargeable by this Act, is or shall be executed by Deputy, such Deputy shall pay such Assessment as shall be charged thereon, and deduct the same out of the Profits of such Office or Employment; and in case of Refusal or Nonpayment thereof, such Deputy shall be liable to such Distress as by this Act is prescribed against any Person having and enjoying any Office or Employment of Profit, and to all other Remedies and Penalties therein respectively contained; and that there shall be the like Remedies and Penalties for the recovering the Monies assessed upon any such Office or Employment of Profit to the Land Tax for the Year one thousand seven hundred and six, and for any subsequent Year not yet satisfied, in all Cases where the Accounts of those Years, or any of them, are not other wise cleared in the Exchequer.

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not charge, or be construed io* charge, her Majesty the Queen, or any of the Royal Family, for or in respect of any Annuities or yearly Payments granted to her said Majesty, and to their said Royal Highnesses; but that such Sums of Money, Annuities, or yearly Payments, and her said Majesty, and their Royal Highnesses, and their Treasurers, Receivers General, and Servants, for the Time being, in respect of the same, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions, and other Charges whatsoever.

XX. Provided also, That this Act, or any of the several Clauses herein contained, shall not extend to charge the Pensions of any superannuated Commission or Warrant Sea-Officers, or the Pensions of Widows of Sea-Officers (lain in the Service of the Crown; or the Revenue of the Most Noble Order of the Garter; or the Pensions of the Poor Knights of Windsor, payable out of the Exchequer only; or to charge a certain Pension of one hundred Pounds granted by the late King Clmrles the Second to the Poor Clergy of the Ifie of Man; or to charge the Pensions or Salaries of his Majesty's Pages of Honour; or of the Officers and Persons employed, or to be employed, in collecting the Tolls and Duties payable by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament for making, repairing, or maintaining any Publick Roais, by reason of their said Offices or Employments, or any Salary arising thereby.

Honour, or the Salaries of Collectors of Tolls, not chargeable.

Residentiaries in Cathedrals not chargeable ' in certain Cates.

Duties on Sugar by»7 Geo. 3.

13. 34 Geo. 3. c. 4. and 37 Geo. 3. c. 15.; ©n Malt, by *7 Geo. 3. c. 13.3 - and the Duties ®f Excite on Tobacco and Snuff, by 19 Geo. 3. c 68; which by 380*0. 3. c. 60. $ 10S, were to cease on March 15, 1799, shall be c#nti-iwed^Hl March *5, 1800.

XXI. And whereas the Rents and Revenues belonging to the Residentiaries of the Cathedral Churches in England and Wales are chargeable to the Land Tax granted and made perpetual as aforesaid, and in some Cases the Overplus of the said Rents and Revenues above such Tax, Repairs, and other Charges, is to£o in Shares for the Maintenance of the said Residentiaries, which Shares are diminished by the said Land Tax it is provided and enacted, that in such Cases the said Residentiaries shall not, by this Act or any of the Clauses therein contained, be further chargeable as enjoying Offices of Profit out of the said Rents and Revenues; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And whereas by the said Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein stated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax for one Year from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it was enacted, that the several Duties imposed on Sugar, by three Acts of the twenty-seventh, thirty-fourth, and thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty; on Malt, by an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty j and the Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff, by an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, should continue in Force until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine* and no longer, but should from thenceforth cease and determine, unless the same should be specially continued by Parliament be it further enacted, That the said several Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff* and the said Acts granting the same, and all the Provisions thereof, shall be, and the same are hereby feverafiy and respectively continued from and after the Expiration of the Time limited as aforesaid, until the twenty-fifth.Day of March one thousand eight hundred; and all the Monies arising thereby, which shall be paid into the said Receipt of the Exchequer, shall be entered separate and distinct from all otoer Monies paid and payable to his Majesty.

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 3. 7

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided and kept, in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, one Book of Register, in which all the Money that shall be paid into the Exchequer for the Rates and Duties hereby granted on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, and also the Rates and Assessments hereby granted on Personal Estates, and on Offices and Employments of Profit, {^eniions, Annuities, and Stipends, hereinbefore mentioned, shall be entered and registered apart and distinct from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty.

XXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives and Foreigners, Bodies Politick or Corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of two Millions, upon the Funds hereby established and made chargeable as aforesaid, and such other Monies as are by this Act appointed for repaying the same, with the Interest thereof, and to have and receive, for their Forbearance of the Money lent, Interest after a Rate tiot exceeding four Pounds and ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, upon or in respect of the whole Amount of the Money so raised; so as such Loans to be allowed be made by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, who are hereby authorised to issue their Warrants for that Purpose, as fast as such Loans shall be wanted for the Publick Service; and moreover, that no Money so to be lent upon the Security of this Act shall be rated or assessed by virtue of this Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament whatsoever.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall lend any Money upon the Credit of this Act as aforesaid, and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer, (half immediately have a Tally of Loan struck for the same, and an Order for his, her, or their Repayment, bearing the same Date with his, her, or their Tally; in or upon which Order shall be also contained a Warrant for the Payment of Interest for4he Forbearance thereof so that such Interest do not exceed, upon or in respect of the whole Amount of the Monies raised, the said Rate of four Pounds and ten Shillings per Centum per Annum* and to be paid every three Months, until the Repayment of the Principal; and all such Orders for Payment of Money so to be lent shall be registered in Course, according to the Dates respectively; and that all and every Person and Persons shall be paid in Course, according as their Orders shall stand registered in the said Register Books, so as the Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, who shall have his, her, or their Order or Orders first entered in the said Book of Register, shall be taken and accounted to be the first Person or Persons to be paid out of the Monies to come in by virtue of this Act $ and he, she, or they, who shall have his, her, or their Order or Orders next entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the second Person to be paid, and so successively and in Course; and that the Monies composing the Funds established by virtue of this Act shall be in the same Order liable to the Satisfaction of the said respective Persons and Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, their Executors, Administrators,’ Successors, or Assigns respectively, without any undue Preference of one before another, and not otherwise, and shall not be diverted or divertible to any other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever; and that no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, directly or indirectly, shall be demanded orjaken of any of his Majesty's Subjects, for providing or making any such Books or Registers, or any Entries, Views, or Searches, in or for Payment of Money lent, or the Interest thereof, as aforesaid, by any of his Majesty's Officer or Officers, their Clerks or Deputies, on Pain of Payment of treble Damages to the Party grieved by the Party offending, with full Costs of Suit; or if the Officer himself take or Demand any such Fee or Reward, then to forfeit his Place also; and if any undue Preference of one before another shall be made either in point of Registry or Payment, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, by any such Officer or Officers, then the Party offending shall be liable, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, to pay the Value of the Debt, with full Costs of Suit, to the Paity aggrieved, and shall be forejudged of his Place or Office; and if such Preference shall be unduly made by any Deputy or Clerk, without Direction or Privity of his Matter, then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such Action, Debt, Damage, and Costs, and shall for ever be incapable of his Place or Office; and in case the Auditor of the Receipt shall not direct the said Orders of Loan, or the-Clerk of the Pells record, or the Tellers make Payment upon such Order according to each Person’s due Place and Order, as before directed, then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective Deputies and Clerks therein offending to be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages, and Costs, in such Manner as aforesaid: All which said Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages, and Costs, to be incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer, or any their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, injunction, or Order of Restraint, shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

XXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That if it shall happen that several Tallies of Loan,

or Orders for Payment, as aforesaid, bear Date, or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be registered; then it shall be interpreted no undue Preference which of those be entered first, so as he enters them all the same Day. Tallies, dated or brought the same Day,

Monies paid into the Exchequer under this Act shall be entered (eparjt; from other Payments.

2,000,000l. may be borrowed on the Credit of this Act.

Tallies of Loan shall be /truck, &c.

Orders shall be registered and paid in Course*

No Fee for registering, &c.

Penalty for undue Preference*

It shall hot h* deemed undo* Preference which of the are first entered;

XXVII. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference, to incur any Penalty, in point of Payment, if the Auditor direct, and the Clerk of the Pells record, and the Tellers do pay subsequent Orders to Persons that come and demand their Monies, and bring their Orders, before other persons who did not come to take their Monies and bring their Orders in Course; so as there be so much Money re* fenred as will satisfy precedent Orders which shall not be otherwise disposed of but kept for them; inte-sect upon Loan being to cease ffcm the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them.

nor if subsequent Orders br paid before such as were not deermndsd in Court e.

Commissioners of the Treasury empowered to prt pane any Number of Exchequer Bills of one common l Sum, or different Sums, in the principal Monies.

Bills (boll bear an Interest at 4l. 10 s. per Cent, per ann.

These Bill* shall be numbered arithmetically.

Treasury shall direct the Course of Payment for Loans or Exchequer Bills,

and appoint Cheques, &c.

8 C. 3. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

[Orders assignable.]

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, to whom any Money shall be due for Loans to be registered by virtue of this Act, after Order entered into the Book of Register aforesaid, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or A (Tigris, by proper Words of Alignment, to be indorsed and written on his, her, or their Order, may assign and transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Interest, and Benefit of such Order to any other; which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Register as aforesaid for Orders, (which the Officers shall, upon Request, without Fee or Charge, accordingly make,) shall entitle such Assignee, his Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, to the Benefit tnercof, and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may, in like Manner, assign again, and so toties quoties\ 2nd afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons who hath or have made any speh Alignment to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any the Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof.

XXIX. And to the End there may be no Want or failure of a certain Sum, not to exceed in the Whole two Millions, to be raised either by such Loans as aforesaid, or by issuing Exchequer Bills, as is herein-after mentioned, or by both or either of those Ways or Means, for the Publick Service be it further provided and enacted, That in case the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall judge it more adviseable to raise the said Sum of two Millions, or any Part thereof, by Exchequer Bills, instead of such Loans as aforesaid; that then they respectively are hereby authorised and empowered, at any Time or Times, at once, or by such Proportions at a Time as they respectively shall find to be most for the Advantage of the Publick, to prepare and make, or cause to be prepared and made, at the Exchequer, in such Method and Form as they or he shall think most safe and convenient, any Number of new Exchequer Bills, containing one common Sum or different Sums in the principal Monies; so that in case there shall be no Loans made, then all the principal Sums to be contained in the said Bills to be made forth by this Act shall not exceed two Millions; and in case any such Loans shall be made as aforesaid, then all the principal Sums to be contained in the said Bills to be made forth by this Act, together with such Loans so made, shall not exceed the said Sum of two Millions.'

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Bills to be prepared and made in pursuance of this Act shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of four Pounds and ten Shillings per Centum per Annum upon or in respect of the whole Amount of the Monies thereby raised, and proportionally for any greater or lese Sum to be contained therein^and to be payable to the Bearers thereof respectively; nevertheless the said Interest shall be abated and saved upon such of the said Bills to be made forth by this Act as shall at any Time or Times be in the Receipt of the Exchequer, or in the Hands or Power of any Receivers or Collectors of any Taxes, Aids, or Revenues whatsoever, payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, during such Time and Times respectively as such Bills shall be or remain in the said Receipt, or in such Hands or Power as aforesaid.

XXXI. And it is hereby enacted, That all the said Bills so to be prepared and made shall be numbered arithmetically, beginning with No. I. and so proceeding in an arithmetical Progression ascending, wherein the common Excess or Difference shall always be one, and shall be registered accordingly, so that the principal Sum be contained in every such Bill, (after Repayment of the Loans which shall have been made as aforesaid, if any such be, with the Interest thereof, or reserving Money sufficient for that Purpose,) may regularly be paid off and discharged, in Course, according to the Number of every such Bill as it shall (land in the said Register; and that the Interest upon all and every the said Bills shall be payable every three Months, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act; and that upon every such Bill there shall be indorsed, printed, or written, in Words at Length or in Figures, the Sum after which the Principal to be contained therein shall be payable in such Courlc as aforesaid, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the said Sum, not exceeding two Million?, shall be raised partly by Loans, and partly by Exchequer Bills, according to the Powers before given by this Act, that then and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury fer the Time being, when and as often as they shall, by virtue of the said Powers, direct any such Loans to be taken, or any such Exchequer Bills to be made out, at the same Time. also to direct and appoint the Course and Order in which such Loans and Exchequer Bills shall stand upon the said Register, and after what Time they shall respectively begin to be payable in Course, so as no subsequent Loans or Exchequer Bills be made to alter the Course at fix ft appointed for prior Loans or Exchequer Bills at the Time of taking in or making out such prior Loans or Exchequer Bills; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all the said Bills shall be prepared and made with such Cheques, Indents, or Counterfoils, as shall be directed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or by the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being; and that the Person or Persons who is, are, or shall be appointed to pay off the said Bills in Course, shall from Time to Time have the Use and Custody of One Part of all the Cheques, Indents, or Counterfoils of the said Exchequer Bills to be prepared and made by virtue of this Act, from which the said Bills shall have been cut, to prevent his or their being imposed upon by counterfeit or forged Bills; and that the Undertakers, Contractors for exchanging or circulating the said Bills, or such of them as shall be current, shall from Time to Time have the Use and Custody of one other Part of all the said Cheques, Indents* or Counterfoils of the said Exchequer Bills from which the same shall have been cut off as aforesaid,

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 3. 9

tended to tin*.

in order to prevent their being imposed upon by any counterfeit or forged Bills; and that all the said Parts of the said Cheques, Indents, or Counterfoils, shall be delivered back into the Exchequer, when the said Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged.

[The Bills to be placed as Cash in the Exchequer.]

XXXIV. And it is hereby enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, and the said High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall, and they are hereby respectively authorised and empowered, to cause such Bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this Act, to be placed asfo much Cash in the respective Offices of the Tellers of the said Receipt of Exchequer, each and every of which Tellers shall be severally charged with a Proportion of the said Bills which shall be lb placed in his Office respectively; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all the said Bills to be issued as aforesaid shall be current in like Clauses in the Manner, and with such Privileges and Advantages, and subject to such Rules and Dire#ions, *as are MaitAd(c. prescribed and enacted by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, (intituled, An Act for continuing and ^tllill granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cycler, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one quei-^Bills ex- " thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine,) for or concerning the Exchequer Bills thereby authorised to be made forth; and that all and every the Clauses and Provisoes in the said last mentioned Act relating to the Currency, exchanging, or receiving the same last mentioned Exchequer Bills by any public Receivers of Aids,

Taxes, or Supplies, or in his Majesty's Receipt of the Exchequer, or for preventing the forging, counterfeiting, or altering the same Bills, or for making out new Bills in the Room of such as shall be filled up with Indorsements, lsft, burnt, defaced, or otherwise destroyed, or for making out Exchequer Bills of five thousand Pounds each, or for making out Exchequer Bills without bearing Interest, or for making them afterwards to bear an Interest, or a higher or lower Rate of Interest, from Time to Time, as the Contractors shall agree to; or for preventing any Misapplication of the Fund on which the same are charged, or any other Misbehaviour of any Officers concerned in the receiving, issuing, exchanging, paying off, or cancelling the same last mentioned Exchequer Bills; or for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury. or the High Treasurer for the Time being, to contract from Time to Time with any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, for Payment of the Interest of, or exchanging for ready Money, on Demand, the Exchequer Bills thereby authorised to be issued, at a Rate or Premium not exceeding four Pounds and ten Shillings ter Centum per Annum; or for preventing any Disabilities in fuph Contractors, or for making them not liable to be Bankrupts on Account of such Contracts; or for appointing a Pay matter or Paymasters for paying off or cancelline the same Exchequer Bills in due Course and Order, shall be extended and construed to extend, as well to the Exchequer Bills by this Act authorised to be made forth, except only with respect toJiich Matters which are otherwise specially provided for in this Act, as to the Exchequer Bills to be made forth in pursuance of the said Act for granting and continuing the Duties on^ Matt, Mum%

Cyder, and Perry, as amply, fully, and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted, verbatim, in this Act.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Loans and Exchequer Billfrto be advanced or lenton the Credit of this Act shall be repaid at such Periods and in such Proportions as shall be settled and ascertained in and by any Contract to be entered into for tint Purpose by and between the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, and the Governor and Deputy-Governor of the Bank of England^ on the Part of the Governor and Company of the said Bank of England, out of the Rates, Duties, and Assessments lib reby granted, if the same (half be sufficient; and the Monies which shall from Time to Time arise at the said Receipt of Exchequer, of or for the Rates, Duties, and Assessments, by this Act granted, shall, from Time to Time, as the same shall arise at the said Receipt, be issued and applied at the said Receipt for or towards pay ing off and discharging the Orders of Loan and Exchequer Bills for the Monies which shall have been lent at the said Receipt, and for satisfying the Interest thereof, at such Times and in such Proportions as aforesaid, until all the Principal and Interest payable upon such Orders of Loan or Exchequer Bills, on the Days and Times herein mentioned, shall be fully satisfied, or sufficient Monies shall be reserved in the Exchequer for the full Payment and Satisfa#ion of the same; or the Monies which shall from Time to Time arise at the said Receipt of the Exchequer, of or for the said Rates, Duties, or Assessments hereby granted, shall, at such Times and in such Proportions as aforesaid, be issued to such Paymaster by way of Imprest, and upon Account, for or towards paying off and discharging the said Exchequer Bills which shall have been made forth by virtue of this Act, in such Course as aforesaid, and for or towards such other Payments as are in and by this Act directed or allowed to be made of discharged out of the same, and for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That, quarterly, on the fifth Day of Jufa the tenth Day of October^ the fifth Day of January, and the fifth Day of Aprils or within ten Days after each of those Days and Times in every Year, after the passing of this Act, or sooner if there shall be Occasion, the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall cause a true and perfe# Account in Writing to be taken, and attested by the proper Officers, of all the Monies which shall have been raised by Loans or by Exchequer Bills, or by any or either of those Ways or Means, for or towards the said Sum not exceeding two Millions, by this Act intended to be raised as aforesaid, and which ought to be paid and discharged before the End of each Quarter, and how much thereof shall, before the End of each Quarter, have been paid off and discharged, and how much thereof shall, at the End of each Quarter, remain un-dischargfed upon the said Orders of Loan and Exchequer Bills respectively, or upon any or either of them; and if at the End of any Quarter there shall not be, in the said Receipt of the Exchequer, sufficient Monies of the said Rates, Duties, and Assessments, hereby granted, the^Alonies so remaining unsatisfied or not discharged,

The Loans and Exchquer Fills' to be repaid at such Periods at shall be settle* by Contract, and the Money arising by this Act to be applied for that Purpose, &c.

The Treasury to take an Account, quarterly, of the Money raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills; and unsatisfied Money, at the End of any Quarter, to be charged on tbr Consolidated Fund,

10 C. 3. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

ami to be replaced out of the first Supplies.

Deficiency of J.and Tax 37 Geo. 3. how to be supplied.

Recovery and

Application of Pena ties where <sued for in six Months.

If not sued for in that Time, to be recovered in the Name of the Attorney General* &c.

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

charged with the Interest due for the same, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund (except such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any former Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf); and such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund shall and may be issued for supplying Money to the said Paymaster, for discharging the said unsatisfied Orders of Loan or Exchequer Bills in Course, as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall direct, until all the Principal and Interest which shall be or remain due upon the said Ciders of Loan or Exchequer Bills, or any of them, shall be fully cleared and paid off, or Money sufficient shall be reserved for that Purpose: And if at any Time or Times, before or after any Money of the said Rates, Duties, or Assessments hereby granted, shall be brought into the Exchequer as aforesaid, there shall happen to be a Want of Money for paying Interest which shall be actually incurred and grown due upon the said Orders of Loan or Exchequer Bills, or any of them, or for Payment of any Premium or Rate which shall be incurred or grown due by any Contract or Contracts to be made by virtue of this Act for exchanging the same Bills, that then and in every such Case, the Money so wanted shall and may be supplied out of the said Rates, Duties, and Assessments hereby granted, remaining in the said Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid, if there shall be sufficient of those Monies in the said Receipt, otherwise the same shall and may be supplied out of the Monies of the said Consolidated Fund, (except as before excepted,) and be issued accordingly.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whatever Monies shall be issued out of the said Consolidated Fund shall, from Time to Time, be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And whereas several Orders of Loan or Exchequer- Bills made upon and in pursuance of an Act of Parliament of the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand JeV'en hundred and ninety -/even,) still remain unpaid, for Want of sufficient Money arising by the said Act being come into the Exchequer to answer and pay the same, and it is uncertain how much thereof the Monies arising by the said Act will be able to answer and discharge be it enacted, That if the Money arisen or to arise into the Exchequer, for or on Account of the said Aids, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September, which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall not be sufficient to discharge the whole Principal and Interest due, or to grow due, on the several Orders of Loan or Exchequer Bills made upon or in pursuance of the said Act, that then so much Money as shall then appear to be deficient or wanting for answering the Purposes aforesaid, shall and may be supplied and made good out of any of the Monies arising into the Exchequer by or from the Loans or Exchequer Bills on this Act, or any other Monies or Loans that are or shall be appropriated for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall direct and apply the same accordingly; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures hereby imposed shall, if sued for within six Calendar Months from the Time of such Penalties or Forfeitures being incurred, be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform or fuc for the same within the Time aforesaid, and which shall and may be sued for in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster for Offences committed ill England, or in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland for Offences committed in Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; but nevertheless it shall be lawful for his Majesty's Attorney General in England, or his Majesty's Advocate in Scotland, in case it shall appear to his oatisfadion that any such last mentioned, Penalty or Forfeiture was incurred without Intention or Fraud, to flay all further Proceedings, by entering a Noli profeqni, or otherwise, with respect as well to the Share of such Penalty or Forfeiture claimed by such Informer or Informers, as to the Share thereof belonging to his Majesty.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in default or Prosecution within the Time hereinbefore limited, no such last mentioned Penalty or Forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable, except in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General in England, and of his Majesty's Advocate in Scotland, by Information in the Court of Exchequer in England or Scotland respectively, in which Case the Whole of such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be paid into the Hands of such Person or Persons as the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall appoint to receive the same, to the Use of his Majesty; and that in all Cases where the Whole of such pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures shall be recovered to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause such Reward as they shall think fit, not exceeding one Moiety of such Penalty or Forfeiture so recovered, after deducting all Charges and Expences incurred in recovering the same, to be paid thereout to or amongst any Person or Persons who shall appear to them entitled thereto as Informers in respect of such Penalties or Forfeitures so recovered* any Thing, herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards; and (halt be laid in the County or Place where the Caufo of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Blue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence

---

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 4, 5, 6. 11

at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs,

[Treble Costs.]

the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in any other Cases to recover Costs by Law.

[Act may be altered or repealed this Session.]

XLIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. IV.

An Act further to continue, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, an act passed in the session of parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter seventy, videlicet, On the sixth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the better prevention and punishment of attempts to seduce persons serving in his Majesty's forces, by sea or land, from their duty and allegiance to his Majesty, or to incite them to mutiny or disobedience.

[17th December 1798.]

"37 Geo. III. Cap. 70. (continued by 38 Geo. III. Cap. 6.) further continued till six Weeks after the Commencement of next Session."

CAP. V.

An Act to continue, until the Expiration of one Month after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, Chapter sixty-six, videlicet, on the twenty-first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, intituled, An Act for empowering His Majesty for a Time and to an Extent to be limited, to accept the Services of such Parts of His Militia Forces in this Kingdom as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Ireland.

[20th December 1798.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament,

[38 Geo. 3. c. 66.]

---

intituled, An Act for empowering his Majesty for a Time and to an Extent to be limited, to accept the Services of such Parts of his Militia forces in this Kingdom as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Ireland, which was to continue in Force until the Expiration of one Calendar Month after the Day of the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas, for the Purpose of effectually repressing the traiterous Designs which have been prosecuted in Ireland in Concert with a Foreign Enemy, and for protefting the Lives, Liberties, and Property, of his Majesty's faithful Subjects, it may be expedient that the Provisions of the said Act should be further extended for a limited Time :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be, and the same is hereby continued, until the Expiration of one Month after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

Continuance of recited Act.

---

[Services of the Militia not to continue longer in Ireland, than the Time for which they voluntarily engage to serve.]

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to enable his Majesty to employ the Services of any Part of the Militia Forces now in Ireland, or which may be lent thither during the Continuance of this Act, for any longer Time than that for which the Persons so serving have already voluntarily engaged, or shall voluntarily engage, to continue such Service.

CAP. VI.

An act to enlarge the time limited for the redemption of the land tax; and to explain and amend an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for making perpetual, subject to redemption and purchase in the manner therein stated, the several sums of money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax, for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

[22d December 1798.]

---

[Sapoji. c. sf.* IoS-a: c. 7.]

L ' J (. 108. $§ II

f to 17. as to siffi lie a lion of elate - Purchase-Money, &c.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that further Provision should be made for effectually carrying into Exe- cution an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein stated, the Jevc) ar 3S Geo. III.

Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Year, from the twenty-fifth Day of c. 60. recited.

March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight ft Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Chi* present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That ah Bodies Politick and Corporate, Companies, and Persons, in the said Act mentioned, y^ho by the said Act are empowered to contract $ 1T> 12> T5^ for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenement?, and Hereditaments,

ions and Persons in possession of*

12 C. 6. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

Land entitled to redeem, in Preference to Reversioners, till March 25, 1799 (instead of Dec. 25, 1798); and Reversioners, in Preference to all others, till June 25, 1799 (instead of March 25).

[Extended by c. 40. §1. to Scotland, and by c. 108. §18. to Dec. 25, 1799.]

of which they shall be in Possession, or beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits, in Preference to any Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, or other Person is having any Estate or Interest in Remainder, Reversion, or Expectancy, or being Substitute Heirs of Entail in the same Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and their respective Committees, Curators, Tutors, Guardians, or Trustees, on their Behalf, (except Tenants for Years absolute, or for Years determinable on Lives on any Demise, for which a Fine or Premium was paid, and Tenants for Lives on any Demise, where a Rent was reserved, or a Fine or Premium was paid,) shall have and be entitled to the like Benefit of Preference, in and to the Redemption of such Lana Tax, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and in case no Contrail shall have been entered into by or on Behalf of such Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, or Persons in Possession, or entitled as last mentioned, on or before the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, then and in every such Case the Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, or other Person or Persons having such Estates and Interests in Remainder, Reversion, or Expectancy, or being Substitute Heirs of Entail, entitled in their Order to succeed to the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Dec. 25/1799.] Tenements, or Hereditaments, and who by the said Act were empowered to contrail for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged thereon, after the said twenty-fifth Day of December, and until the twenty-fifth Day of March, in Preference to any other Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, or other Persons whatsoever, not having an Estate or Interest therein, and their respective Committees, Curators, Tutors, Guardians, or Trustees, on their Behalf, shall have and be entitled to such and the like Benefit of Preference in the Redemption of such Land Tax, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until the twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine^ as is given to them respectively by the said Act until the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Land Tax shall, before the said Twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, be put up to Sale by Auilion or otherwise, or sold to any Person or Persons other than such Person or Persons as by this Act are enabled to redeem the same prior to the said Twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, except where Notice shall be given not to claim the Benefit of Preference given by this Act.

claim such Preference be given.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, any Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, having any Interest in any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, may, at any Time thereafter, contract and agree for the Redemption of their Land Tax charged thereon, in the same Manner, and under the same Terms and Conditions, as such Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, may do prior to the said twenty-fifth Day of June\ provided that such Land Tax shall then remain unfold in pursuance of the Provisions of the said Act: Provided also, That no Land Tax shall be sold in pursuance of the said Act, after the said twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, in any Case where the Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, shall have given Notice to the respective Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Act, of an Intention of redeeming the same in pursuance thereof, other than to such Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, interested as aforesaid: Provided also, That no such Land Tax shall be redeemed by any Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, having any Estate in Remainder, Reversion, or Expectancy, in the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, whereon such Land Tax shall be charged, for the Space of three Months after Notice given to the respective Commissioners, by any Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, considered by the said Act as being in the actual possession of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of an Intention to redeem the same in pursuance of this Act.

where Pedon* in Pcfteflion give such Notice.

[&e Cap. 21. $ 30. and Cap. 208. §29.]

On Contrails made after March 25,

Transfers of Stock to be

Mo Land Tax to be sold to any ther Persons before June 25, 1799, unless Notice not to

After June 25, Persons, &c. interested in Lands, may redeem on the same Terms as before, while the Land Tax remaint unfold. No Land Tax to be sold to any but Persons in relied, where they have given Notice of their Intention to redeem; nor redeemed by Re-verfioners lor three Months,

IV. And be it further enacted, That where any Contrail shall be entered into after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, in pursuance of this Act, the Capital Stock to be transferred as the Consideration thereof, shall be made within the Period of four Years from the twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, by the like Number of Instalments, and

made within on the like Days in each Year, with the like Power to transfer the same by any less Number of Instalnents Four Yean from. or in Advance, as by the said recited Act is allowed, and the first of the said Instalments shall, in yJa instaimeqt c?fl7 such Case, be made on or before the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-on or before nine.

August f. 10. And see c. 43, $ r, &c.]

Where the Land Tax on Glebe or Tythes is not redeemed by the Incumbent before March 25, the Patron may redeem as a Reversioner 1 Where the

V. And be it further enacted, That where the Land Tax charged upon the Glebe Lands or Tythes of any Living shall not have been redeemed by the Incumbent thereof before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, then it shall be lawful for the Patron of the Advowson of such Living, at any Time after the said twenty-fifth Day of March, to contrail for the Redemption of the Land fax charged thereon, in the same Manner in all Respects as a Person seised or entitled in Remainder, Reversion, or Expectancy, is by the said Act entitled to contrail; provided always, that where such Land Tax shall have been redeemed by the Incumbent of such Living out of his own Estate, or by the Patron thereof, and such Living shall not have been exonerated therefrom, it shall be lawful for the Incumbent who shall next succeed to such Living) at any Time after his Institution or induction, or Donation thereto, to demand

A.D. 179B. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 6. 13

an Alignment of such Land Tax from the preceding Incumbent, or his Representatives in case of his r.iving shall not Death* or from such Patron or his Heirs or Representatives, as the Case may be, in the same Manner as a have bef? Person in Remainder, Reversion, or Expectancy, is by the said Act authorised to demand an Alignment of ^c^Redcmp-any Land Tax on his or her Estate or Interest becoming vetted in Possession. tion, the next

succceding Incumbent may demand an Alignment of the Land Tax, as a Reversioner coming into PoflelRon may do under §18 & 38 Geo. III. Cap. 6 r.

VI. And be it further enacted and declared, That for the Purpose of raising Money for the Redemption of the Land Tax, by the Sale, Mortgage, or Grant of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, authorised to be sold or charged by the said Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, all and every the Provisions thereof, relating to such Sale, Mortgage, or Grant, shall be construed to extend to empower the Sale, Mortgage, or Grant, of so many, or such Part or Parts of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as shall be sufficient for the Purpose not only of redeeming such Land Tax, if any, as may be charged on the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fold, mortgaged, or charged, but also of redeeming the Land Tax charged on the Rest or any other Part or Parts of such their or his Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, whether the same shall be respectively situate in the same or any other Place or Division of the same County, Riding, Shire, or Stewartry, or in any other County, Riding, Shire* or Stewartry, and whether the same shall be charged or not charged with Land Tax, provided they respectively stand settled and limited to the same Uses, and in the same Order and Course of Limitation; and that all and every the Certificates which shall be granted in any Division of any County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, shall be as valid and effectual in all Respects, in every other Division of the same County, Riding, Shire, or Stewartry, and also in every other County, Riding, Shire, or Stewartry, in Great Britain, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Amount of Land Tax charged on the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, comprized in such Certificates, and for authorising and enabling the Completion of the Coi>tract to be made thereon, by Sale, Mortgage, or Grant of other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, wheresoever situate, in Great Britain, as they might be under the said Act, within the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Division, where such Certificates shall be granted.

VII. And be it further enacted, That when any Body Politick or Corporate, or other Person or Persons, who shall redeem any Land Tax charged in any County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, shall be desirous to pay the Consideration for the same in lawful Money of Great Britain, in lieu of transferring Stock in Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, in the Manner by the said Act directed, it shall be lawful for him, her, or them so to do, provided the Land Tax so to be redeemed or purchased in such County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds per Annum; and in every such Case the Contraft shall be in the Form and to tho-Effect expressed in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and the Consideration for such Redemption shall be so much of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding, or Place, in England, or his Deputy, or Collector for the Shire* Stewartry, or Place^ in Scotland, where the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of which the said Land 'I ax shall be so redeemed, shall be situate, as, according to the Current Price of Stock transmitted to such Receiver General or Collector, at such of the respective Periods herein after mentioned as the Party shall elect, shall be sufficient to purchase so much Capital Stock of Publick Annuities, in this Act mentioned f, as will yield an Annuity or Dividend exceeding the Amount of the Land Tax so to be redeemed as aforesaid by One-tenth Part thereof; and such Receiver General or Collector, or their respective Deputies, shall, and they are hereby respectively authorised and required, upon the Production of the Certificate of the Amount of the Land Tax to be redeemed, and of the Contraft entered into thereupon, as herein is directed, to accept and receive such Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been contracted to be paid as the Consideration for such Redemption, and shall give a Certificate or Receipt, acknowledging such Payment, which shall be indorsed on such Contraft; and such Certificate or Receipt shall be as valid and effectual in all Respects, after the Registry thereof, (which Registry is hereby directed and allowed to be made,) as the Certificate or Receipt of the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank is by the said Act directed to be, in case the Consideration was to be transferred in Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall, and they are hereby required, on Tuesday in every Week, the same not being a Holiday, or being a Holiday, then on the Day preceding, not being a Holiday, to cause an Account of the Average Price at which the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities shall have been sold on such Day, (or otherwise on the following Open Day on which such Stock shall be fold, in case any Stock shall have been fold, and the Books for such Sale shall be opened at the Bank of England on such Day,) and shall cause the same to be transmitted to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, who shall thereupon cause the same to be published in the London Gazette, and also transmitted to the respective Receivers General in the several Counties, Ridings, or Places in England, and to the Receiver General in Scotland, to be by him transmitted to the respective Collectors in the several Shires, Stewartries, and Places in Scotland, or their respective Deputies; which Account, (b publifted and transmitted, shall be sufficient Authority to such Receivers General, or their Deputies, and to such Collectors, to settle and adjust the Sums which ought to be paid as the Consideration for the Redemption of such Land Tax on all Payments made after the Receipt of such Account, and before the Receipt of any subsequent Account, if the said Books at the Bank of England shall then remain open for such Sales.

Lands may be sold or mortgaged to redeem the Land Tax on the whole Estate of the Seller, &c. whether situate in the same County, &c. or not, if limited to the same Uses; and all Certificate* granted in one County, &c. shall be valid ia all others.

Any Person,

Sec. may redeem his Land Tax (not exceeding 25L per Ann.) for aCoa-sideration in Money to be paid the Receiver General, and proportioned to the current Price of 3l. per Cent. Annuities; the Contract to be in the form directed in the Schedule. The Receiver General's Certificate or Receipt to be indorsed on the Contract.

See §8, 9.

t§«.

The Bank to transmit the Price of Consols every Tuesday to the Tax Office, who shall publish the same in the Gazette, and transmit it to the Receivers General, who shall adjust the Consideration in Money for the Redemption of the Land Tax accordingly.

[Srrc. 21' $ 27.]

14 C. 6. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Party entering into such Contract mayele# to pay the Consideration fer the Redemption of Land Tax, either according to the current Price of the said Stock, as the same shall have been transmitted to such Receiver or Collector in the Week preceding the Day of entering into the same, in which Case the Whole of the Money shall be paid to such Receiver or Collector within the Week in which such Contract shall be entered into, (computing the same from the Tuesday to the Wednesday in the following Week,) or according to the current Price of Stock, as the same shall be transmitted to such Receiver or Collector in the Week preceding the Day or Days stipulated for Payment, in which Cases such Confederation may he paid by Sixteen Instalments within the Space of Four Years, or by any less Number of Instalments, or by One Payment, as the Party shall ehoofe, and shall cause- to be stipulated in the Contract; and in every such Case the Sum stipulated to be paid shall be duly paid to the respective Receivers or Collectors on the Day or Days stipulated in such Contracts respectively; and if any Person so contracting shall neglect or omit to pay such Sum of Money on the Day or Days, or within the Time stipulated in such Contract, every such Person shall forfeit One sixteenth Pait of the Consideration to be paid for the Redemption of Land Tax mentioned in such Contract, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered by the said Act.

On Failure of paying any Instalment, the Parry to forfeit i- 16th of the Confi-

The Party redeeming may e!e£l to pay the whole Consideration within one Week, according to the then current Price of Stock } dr by j6 In-flalmcnu, according to the Price of Stock in the Week preceding each Day of Payment; or by any less Number of Instalments, or

by one Payment, the Price to be ascertained at the Day of Payment-deration agreed foi*

On Payment of the second and all other Inflal-ments, the Purchaser shall pay, by way of Interest, a Proportion of the Land Tax redeemed.

On making such Contrails the Commissioners for Sale of the Land Tax shall cause Abflra&s to be transmitted to the Receive! 6 General, of such Parts of Contrails as will enable them to ascertain the Stock to be purchased for the Redemption of the Land Tax,

&c. an Account of which the Receiver General shall communicate to tl*e Tax Office for the Information

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That upon every Contract entered into as aforesaid, upon which the Payment of Money shall be made by Instalments, there shall be paid at the Time of making the Second, and so of every subsequent Instalment upon such Contract, into the Hands of such respective Receivers or Collectors, (whole Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge,) to the Use of His Majesty; His Heirs and Successors, a Sum of Money, by way of Interest, equal to the Amount of the Land Tax redeemed, de-du#ing therefrom a Sum bearing the same Proportion to such Land l ax as the Amount of the Stock to be purchased with the Money then before paid bears to the whole Amount of the Stock to be purchased with the Money agreed to be paid in such Contract, of which Sums so to be paid by way of Interest, a separate Account shall be kept by such respective Receivers and Collectors, and the same shall be applied in the same* Manner as in the said Act is directed with respect to the littered thereby made payable.

XI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Contract shall be entered into in pursuance of this Act, she Commissioners appointed for the Redemption and Sale ohthe Land Tax, with whom such Contract shall be made, shall forthwith cause an Abdra# to be transmitted to the Receiver General of the same County or Riding in England, or to the Receiver General of Scotland, of such Parts of such Contracts as will enable such Receivers General to ascertain the Amount of Stock to be purchased as the Consideration for the Redemption of Land T.ax redeemed by such Contract, or intended so to be, the Sums in Money payable on such Contract, and the Day or Days of Payment thereof; an Account of which Stock, Sums of Money, and the Day or Days of Payment thereof, the said Receivers General respectively shall forthwith cause to be transmitted to the Commissioners for the Adairs of Taxes, for the Information of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury; and the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the Time being, are hereby empowered to dire#, from Time to Time as there shall be Occasion, sufficient Money to be advanced to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the Purchase of so much Capital Stock as shall be mentioned in such Contract, before or on the respective Days appointed for the Payment of the Sums payable on such Contract, or as soon after as the same can conveniently be done, out of any Monies in the Hands of such Receivers General respectively, or out of any Publick Monies in the Receipt of the Exchequer, applicable to the Supplies and Service of the Year, as to the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall seem expedient; which Sums so advanced shall be from Time to Time replaced by and out of the Monies to be paid upon such Contract to such Receivers General, and the Stock so purchased shall be placed in the Name of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the Uses and Purposes of this Act, and as if the same had been purchased by and with the Monies paid on such

of the Treasury, Contract.

who shall direct Money to be advanced to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the Purchase of the Stock mentioned in the Contrail, which shall be replaced out of the Monies to be paid upon such Contrail.

Where Lands

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, are sold for Re- or Hereditaments, shall be sold by virtue of the said Act or of this Act, for the Purpose of redeeming any Land Tax, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, making such Sale, to agree with the Purchaser of such, Manors, Meduages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so proposed to be sold, that the Purchase Money for the same shall be paid by Instalments, provided such Instalments be to be paid into the Bank of England in the Manner directed by the said Act, within the same Period, and on the same Days and Times as shall be specified in the Contract for the Redemption of such Land Tax, for the Transfer or Payment of the respective Instalments of Stock to be transferred thereon, together wuh Interest at the Time of Payment of each Instalment, as in the said Act is directed to be paid upon the Transfer of Stock by Instalments: Provided also, That such Agreement, and the Days and Times stipulated for the Payment of such Instalments, and the Amount thereof respectively, be inserted and expressed in the Indenture whereby such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be conveyed: Provided also, That if the Person who shall have entered into such Contract for the Redemption of such Land Tax, shall die*before the Transfer and Payment of all* the said Instalments, then and iq kch Case the future Instalments shall be made good by the Person cu: Persons who shall for the Time being " be

demption of the Land Tax, the Seller may agree with the Puidiafer, that the Purchase Money shall be paid by Instalments with interest, Into the Bank on the Days specified in the Contract of Redemption for the Traaaftrpf*.

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 6. 15

be entitled to the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, the Land Tax whereof shall have been so redeemed, and the A flees of the Person so dying shall not be liable to make good the same. stated in the

Conveyance of the Lands sold; and if the Person contracting for the Redemption die before the Transfer and Payment of all the Instalments, the future Instalments shall be made good by the Persons entitled to the Lands exonerated; and the Assets of the Person dying shall not be liable.

If the Purchaser fail in paying his Instalments, the Persons who would have been beneficially entitl.d to the Lands, if not fold, may enter into them, and comptl Payment, and the same may agaii* be put up for c. 43. § I, &c.J

Where Lands are fold, Sec, for a Sum not exceeding 50CI. and the Consideration for Redemption is to be paid in Monty, the Purchaser of the Lands sold may pay the Purchase Money to ‘ the Receiver General, whefe Receipts shall be equivalent to those of the Bank; and the Surplus, if any,

Where, in any Parish, &c. the Assessments under the Land Tax Act of last Session [c. 5.], shall exceed or be less than the Sum imposed on such Parish, &c. the Commissioners of Land Tax may, on Compliint, ascertain and settle the same and in case of Doubt from Variation informer' Assessment*, the Amount shall be determined by a Certificate from the Exchequer; such Exctfs or Deficiency to be then apportioned over the Parish by such Commissioners, in the same Proportions in which they Were be for chared.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the said respective Instalments, or the Interest to

be paid thereon, shall not be paid by such Purchaser into the Bank of England on the Days and Times whereon the same ought to be paid as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, who would for the Time being have been beneficially entitled to the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in case the same had not been fold, upon every such Default to enter into and hold and enjoy such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and by all lawful Ways and Means to recover and compel the Payment of such respective Instalments, and the Interest thereon, in like Manner as if the same had been secured by an actual Mortgage of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and the same may again be put up to Sale for the Purpose ofraifing the Money remaining unpaid, under and subject to the same Terms and Conditions by which the same might be sold in the first Instance, and with the like Power of Relief in all Cases to the Purchaser making such Default, as is given by the said Act in-cases of Default in transferring Stock by the Party Contracting for the Land Tax. Sale for raising the Money remaining unpaid.

XIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be sold or charged for the Purpose of redeeming any Land Tax, and the Money to arise thereby shall not exceed the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and the Confutation for the Redemption of such Land Tax shall in the Contract be stipulated to be paid in Money, then and in such Case ic shall be lawful for the respective Purchasers or Mortgagees of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or the respective Grantees of any Rent Charge thereout, to pay their respective Purchase or Mortgage Monies to the Receiver General for the County or Riding, or the Collector for the Shire or Stewartry, where the same Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be situate, whose Receipts shall be as effectual in all Respects to discharge such respective Purchasers, Mortgagees, or Grantees, as the Receipt of the Cashier of the Bank of England would have been in case such Money had been paid into the Bank; and the respective Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, whose Land Tax shall have been redeemed therewith, shall be entitled to have and receive the same Discharges, and their respective Estates shall be exonerated and discharged from such Land Tax, in the same Manner in all Respects as if such Monies had been actually paid by them; and in case there shall be any Surplus of such Monies after reserving the Confederation for such Land Tax, the same shall be paid to a Trustee or Trustees to be named by the respective Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, redeeming such Land Tax, in order that the same may be applied in the Manner directed by the said Act respe&irtg surplus Stock, where the same shall not exceed two hundred Pounds Mock.

tion of the Land Tax, may be paid to a Trustee for the Seller. ^[*§"34 J ’

XV. And be it further enacted, That where, in any Parish or Place, the Sums rated and assessed by any Assessment made by virtue of an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety eighty on the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in such Parish or Place, shall exceed or be less in Amount than the Sum which has been set or imposed upon such Parish or Place, in respect of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Land Tax acting for the Division where such Parish or Place is situate, and they are hereby required, within seven Days after any Complaint thereof shall be lodged with the Clerk to such Commissioners by any Person charged in such Assessment, (of which Complaint such Clerk is hereby required to give Notice to all such of the Commissioners acting for the said Division who shall be then resident within the same,) to meet together at their usual Place of Meeting within their Division, at which Meeting the said Commissioners shall proceed to ascertain and settle the just Sum which has been set or imposed upon such Parish or Place in respect of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments and in case any Doubt shall arise amongst the said Commissioners, by reason of any Variation in former Assessments, as to the Amount of the Sum which shall have been set and imposed upon any Parish or Place, the same shall and may be determined by the Certificate of the King’s Remembrancer, from the Rolls of the Exchequer in England, and by the Certificate of one of the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, from the Duplicates returned to them respectively for the Period of twenty Years last past, and if the said Duplicates shall vary, then from the? Duplicate of the Year next antecedent to such Period which Certificate the said Remembrancer in England and Barons in Scotland shall give, at the Request of the said Commissioners, gratis, and the same shall be final and conclusive 5 and when such Assessment shall have been less in Amount than the Sum which ought to be imposed upon such Parish or Place, the said Commissioners shall cause the Deficiency to be assessed upon the respective Manors, Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, charged with Land Tax in such Parish or Place by the said Assessment, as nearly as may be according to the same Proportions in which they respectivdy flood charged before such Adjustment; and when such Assessment shall exceed in Amount the Sum which ought to be imposed upon such Parish or Place, the said Commissioners shall cause the Excess to be deducted and abated from the Sums charged upon the respective Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in such Parish or Place, as nearly as may be, according to the same Proportions in which such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, respectively flood charged before such Adjustment.

16 C. 6. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

Where any Lands are omitted to be assessed under the said Act, any Pci Ton aggrieved by such Omission may appeal to the Commissioners, giving seven bay*’ Notice, though the 'I'inie for Appeal under the Act be expired; and the Commissioners shall appoint a Time for hearing the " Appeal.

Commissioners may, on hearing such Appeals, direct AsselTors to make a new Rate; and may quash the former Assessment,

Not to extend to the Assessments of Persons who shall have contracted for Redemption of their Land Tax; unless they declare their Option to be considtred as Purchasers, or their Deftre to refeind their Contract.

Future Contrad* to be regulated by such altered Assessments.

In the Schedule produced by any Person having Benefit of

Preference, it shall be fufii-Cnr.t to (late t.ie Nature of the Prentifcs, the Name of the Occupur, and the l'ui- w litre

XVI. And be it further enacted, That where, in any Parish or Place, the Sums rated and assessed, or to be rated and assessed, by virtue of the said last-mentioned Act, on the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in such Parish or Place, shall not have been charged upon all the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in such Parish or Place, and chargeable to the said Rate, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons having any Interest in any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, charged by the said Assessment in such Parish or Place, who shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by reason of any such Omission, to appeal to the Commissioners of Land Tax or Supply acting for such Parish or Place, in order that the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, omitted to be so charged, may be duly charged in such Assessment, notwithstanding the Time limited for making Appeals in and by the said last mentioned Act shall be expired; provided the Person or Persons so intending to appeal shall give seven Days previous Notice thereof, in Writing, to one or more of the Assessors of the Parish or Place where such Assessment shall be made; and the said Assessor or Assessors shall give publick Notice of any Appeal so made, by affixing the same in Writing on the Church or Chapel Door, or on the Market House or Cross, or other Place where Notices have been usually affixed in such Parish or Place, which Notice shall be deemed good and sufficient Notice to all and every Persons chargeable by such Assessment, in respect of their Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as aforesaid; and the respective Commissioners acting for the Divisions where such Appeals shall be made, shall appoint a convenient Time for hearing and determining the same, of which they shall cause the like publick Notice to be given as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if upon any such Appeal it shall appear to the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, or the major Part of them then present, for hearing and determining such Appeals, by Proof upon Oath or Affirmation, (which Oath or Affirmation the said Commissioners are hereby authorised to administer,) that any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, have been omitted to be charged in such Assessment, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to direct the Assessors to make a new Rate, by assessing all such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in such Parish or Place, as were omitted to be assessed in the former Assessment, and to deduct the Amount thereof from the Charge upon other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as were before charged in such Assessment, in Proportion as the same were so respectively charged therein, without altering the respective Proportions at which the lame were so charged, and upon the Confirmation of such new Assessment to settle and adjust the Sums which may have been overcharged upon and paid accordingly by any Person or Persons charged in such former Assessment, and direct in what Manner the Sums overpaid shall be returned, and thereupon to quash such former Assessment.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to authorize the said Commissioners of Land Tax or Supply to make any Alteration in the Assessment of any Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies* who shall, before the Day to be appointed for hearing and determining such Appeals as aforesaid, have contracted with the Commissioners specially named for that Purpose, for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon his, her, or their Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and who shall not at the Time of entering into such Contract have declared to the said Commissioners his, her, or their Option, to be considered on the same Footing as a Person not interested in the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchasing the Land Tax charged thereon, is by the said first recited Act considered as far as relates to the Land Tax comprised in such Contract, unless the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, having so contracted, shall be desirous of reminding the Contract so made, or of declaring his, her, or their Option respect -ing the same as aforesaid, and shall give Notice thereof to the Commissioners of Land Tax or Supply before the Day appointed for hearing and determining Appeals under this Act, in which Cases only the Contracts so made shall become null and void, in order to such Alteration being made in such Assessment; but otherwise every such Contract, whereupon such Option shall not have been declared, shall stand good, and the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereon the Land Tax so redeemed shall be charged, shall be and continue exonerated from the same, and from all further Assessments according to the Directions of the said first recited Act, and as if this Act had not been made; and the Land Tax so redeemed shall be entered in such new Assessment as the just Charge in resped of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so exonerated.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, in any Parish or Place, any Rate charged upon any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be altered by virtue of this Act, all such Contracts as aforesaid, which shall be entered into after the Day for hearing and determining Appeals, shall be regulated according to the Charge in such altered Assessment.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in the Schedule or Description which shall be produced to the Commissioners of Land Tax or Supply, or to the Justices of the Peace, or to the Clerk of the Peace, in any County, Riding, Shire, Division, or Place, by virtue of the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and of this Act, by any Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, having Benefit of Preference as therein and herein is mentioned, that it shall be sufficient in such Schedule to state the respective Natures of the Premises, and the Name or Names of the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, and the Parish or Place where the same shall be situate, and such other Circumstances as the said Commissioners, or Justices, or Clerk of the Peace, shall require, without stating therein the Quantities or reputed Quantities of such Premises.

situate, and such other Circumstances as shall be required by the Commissioners, without stating Quantities.

* C. 60.

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 6. 17

XXI. And be it further enacted, That where any Body Politick or Corporate, or Company, or other Where Persons Person or Persons, shall redeem his, her, or their Land Tax, by or out of his, her, or their own personal

Estate, or by or out of any Trust Property applicable to such Redemption by virtue of the said Act, any othcarMtan# or by and out of any Monies which shall arise and be produced by any Mortgage or Grant to be than Sale,01 denude by virtue of the said Act, or by any other Means than by Sale under the said Act, and also mand an Af-where any such Body Politick or Corporate, or Company, or other Person or Persons, shall be signmentfiom entitled under the said Act, on the Determination of any precedent Estate, to demand an Assignment of f^c^maTVtise any Contract from the Person or Persons who shall have entered into the same, for the Redemption of any \a t\l* Land Tax, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, it shall be lawful for all and every same Way as such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Persons, either for the Purpose of reimbursing Persons in aftnai all Sums of Money laid out in the Redemption of such Land Tax, or of paying off any Sums borrowed on in lbc

that Account, or for the Purpose of railing Money to purchase the Assignment of any Contraft from the first taiUnce. Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, to carry into Execution all and every or any of the Powers by the said Act or this Act given, in order to raise Money by Sale for the Redemption of any Land Tax, in such and the same Manner, and under and subject to such and the same Rules, Restrictions, and Regulations, in all Respects, as any Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, or other Person or Persons being in the actual possession, or beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are by the said Act and this Act empowered to carry the same into Execution for the Purpose of redeeming any such Land Tax in the first Instance. Jf theadling

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if the acting Commissioners of the Land Tax, in any Division or of Place, shall, before the passing of this Act, have refused, or hereafter shall refuse, to grant Certificates of fuse to grant the Amount of the Land Tax charged upon any Person or Persons applying for the same, then and in such Certificates of Case it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, assembled at any Petty Sessions to be holden in and for the Amount of such Division and Place, and also for the respective Clerks of the Peace in the respective Counties wherein tThe/J'and-such Divisions or Places shall be situate, and they are hereby respectively required, upon Complaint of such Petty Sessions^ Refusal as aforesaid, and upon the Production of such Schedule as is in and by the said Act directed to be or the Clerks of ~ produced to the said Commissioners of Land Tax, to grant to the Person or Persons applying for the same the Peace, may such and the like Certificate or Certificates of the Amount of his, her, or their Land Tax, as is by the said grant the same Act directed to be granted by the said Commissioners of Land Tax, and for that Purpose the said Justices Comm!fk°f are hereby empowered to order the Duplicates of the Assessments of Land Tax in the Custody of the Clerk Commissioners* refusing to such Commissioners of Land Tax, or any other Person or Persons, to be brought before them; and in to produce Du-case the said Clerk to the Commissioners shall refuse to deliver up* the said Duplicates, when so required to pjicates of the do by the said Justices, he shall for every such Refusal forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered in such Assessments to Manner as other Penalties are by the said Act directed to be recovered, and all Certificates granted in pursuance of this Act shall be as valid and effectual as if the same were granted by the Commissioners acting in f^Heit 50L and for such Division or Place; and all Certificates which shall have been signed by any Person or Persons Certificates named in any Act or Acts of Parliament for appointing Commissioners for the County or Riding within granted by Which such Certificates may have been granted, although such Commissioners shall not have before acted commissioners in the particular Division or Place where the said Certificates, were granted, or shall have omitted to take the several Oaths prescribed by any Act or Acts of Parliament to be taken by such Commissioners, shall in valid; and the like Manner be valid and effectual to all the Intents and Purposes of the said Act, and the respective Commissioners Commissioners* who shall have so signed the same, shall and are hereby respectively indemnified for so doing, and shall be indem-shall be freed and discharged from all Penalties and Disabilities whatever incurred thereby, provided that "ihed, on their such Commissioners shall, within three Calendar Months after the passing of this Act. take all such Oaths as aforesaid, which he or they may have omitted to take before the granting such Certificates. uktnb *the

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no greater Fee dr Reward shall be taken or de- clerks of the

manded by any such Clerk of the Peace for any Certificate granted under the Authority of this Act, than one Peace for feck Shilling in respect of each Sum so certified. Certificates.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That where the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of any Person Where the Re-©r Persons, who shall have redeemed the Land Tax charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tene- presentatives of ments, and Hereditaments, by or out of his, her, or their own Estate, shall be entitled under the said Act RedcraPj^ner# to receive an Annuity or Interest out of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, J^eivethfe equal to the Amount of the Land Tax which shall have been To redeemed, it shall be lawful for such Exe- Amount of the cutors, Administrators, or Assigns, from Time to Time, to use the same rowers and Remedies for the Re- Land Tax recovery of such Annuity or Interest as Landlords can or may use for the Recovery of Rents in Arrear; and deem*d an also, that where any Bodies Politick or Corporate, and Companies, or any Persons having any Estate or

Interest in Remainder, Reversion, or Expectancy, or being Substitute Heirs of Entail in any Manors, feme Remedies Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall, under and by virtue of the said recited Act of the as Landlords $ thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of the Benefit of Preference thereby given, by and so shall Re and out of his, her, or their own Property, contract for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged thereon, verfloners, (not Airing the Continuance of any preceding Estate or Interest, (not being a Lease or Demise at Rack Rent,) otforT^be^ and shall not in the Contraft for the Redemption thereof declare his or her Option to be considered on considertd as She same Footing as a Person not interested in the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Here- Purchasers,) ditaments, under the said Act is considered, then and in such Case the Corporations or Companies, or other till their Estates Persons in Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, or being Substitute Heirs of Entail as aforesaid, shall in mPofTcf.

the mean Time, until their respective Estates and Interests vest in Possession by Reason of the Determination "on* cf4be preceding Estate. be entitled to have and receive the Amount of the Land Tax so redeemed, and shall

18 C. 6. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

Joint Tenants, ic. m3y redeem their Proportion of Lard Tax, and on a Partition their Share shall be exonerated.

On one of such Joint Tenants, &c. neglecting to redeem, any other such Tenant may claim a Preference.

FeHons may sell Lands by Parcels to make good Instalmentsj ' the particular Instalment to be satisfied shall be specified in the Conveyance, and no more Money shall be raised by all such Sales than if the "Whole were sold at once. Where lands are sold in different Counties, Certificates of, the former Sales foal I be produced to the Commissioners in the County Where the fub-sequent Sales a re made, who may take Examinations reflecting such former Salca.

The Whose of

a Farm which cannot be eligibly divided, but which is more than fulfiucnt to redeem Land

have the same Pruv'ers and Remedies for the Recovery of the Land Tax so redeemed as Landlords may use for the Recovery of Rents in Arrear.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That when two or more Persons shall be seised or entitled in *undivided Shares and Proportions, either as Coparceners, Tenants in Common, or Joint Tenants, of or to any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, it shall be lawful for any one or more of such Persons to apply to the Commissioners of I, and Fax or Supply, acting in and for the Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, wherein such Manors, Me (lunges. Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be situate, to settle and adjust the Amount and Proportion of each of such Person’s Share of and in the Land Tax charged thereon, and to grant a Certificate thereof; and the said Commissioners shall grant such Certifcate to the Person or Persons applying for the same, and thereupon it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to claim the like Benefit of Preference for the Redemption of his, her, or their Proportion of the said Land Tax, and do all Acts necessary for carrying such Contract into Execution, in the same Manner as if such Proportion of Land Tax had been separately charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and as if such Person or Persons was or were solely seised or entitled; and in case Partition shall, at any Time after the Redemption of such Land Tax, be made of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, between such Coparceners, Tenants in Common, or Joint Tenants, then and in such Case, the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which shall upon such Partition be allotted to the Person or Persons who shall so have redeemed his, her, or their Proportion of the said Land Tax, shall, immediately upon such Partition being completed, be and become exonerated and discharged from such Land Tax, and every Part thereof.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any one or more of such Person or Persons, who shall be seised or entitled, in undivided Shares or Proportions, of or to any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to redeem his, her, or their Proportion or Proportions of the Land Tax charged on such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for any other or others of such Person or Persons to claim the like Benefit of Preference for the Redemption of the Proportion or Proportions of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to redeem, of and in such Land Tax, and to contract for the Redemption thereof, and to do all Acts necessary for carrying such Contract into Execution, as he, she, or they can claim or do for the Redemption of his, her, or their own Proportion of the said Land Tax, and to discharge the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, from his, her, or their just Proportion of the Land Tax so redeemed, and to have the Residue as an Annuity, in the same Manner as any Person having a limited Estate may do on his or her redeeming the Land Tax, in Preference to Persons in Reversion, Remainder, or Expedancy.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Body Politick or Corporate, or Company aforesaid, or any other Person or Persons who is or are authorised by the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or by this Act, to sell any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, for the Purpose of redeeming his, her, or their Land Tax, to put up tt> Sale, from Time to Time, such Part or Parcel of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as (half be necessary for the Purpose of making good the respective Instalments agreed to be transferred for redeeming* such Land Tax, as the same shall respectively become due, or any Number of such Instalments at once, as shall seem most expedient: Provided always, That in every Conveyance to be made upon such Sales, there shall be specified the particular Instalment or Instalments for the Payment of which such Sale shall have been made, and the Amount thereof; Provided also, That no more Money shall be raised by all such Sales together than would or might be raised under the Provisions of the said Act, or this Act, if the Whole had been sold atone Time.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements,

anti Hereditaments, which shall be so (old at various Times, shall be situate in different Counties, then and in such Case the Person, Body, Corporation, or Company, who shall be desirous of making any such Sale, dial], in case any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, situate in any other County, shall have been sold for the Purpose of making good any prior Instalment, produce and shew to the Commissioners for executing the said Act for the County or Place wherein the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so proposed to be sold, shall be situate, a Cerificate under the Hands and Seals of the Commissioners for such other County or Counties, of such former Sale or Sales, which Certificate shall contain a Statement and Account of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall have been so fold, and also the Amount of the Purchase Money for the same, and the particular Instalments to be made good therewith, whion Certificate such last mentioned Commissioners are hereby authorised and required to give to the Person, Body, Corporation, or Company, applying for the same; and such first-mentioned Commissioners are hereby authorised and empowered to examine, upon Oath or Affirmation, in the Manner mentioned in the said Act, the Person or Persons who shall oe desirous of making such Sale as last mentioned, touching any Matters or Things relating to any former Sales which such Commissioners may think necessary for their Information, and to receive any Affidavit or Deposition in Writing in the Manner mentioned in /the said Act. '

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Farm or Lands usually occupied together, shall be proposed to be sold under the Provisions of the said Act, in order to redeem the Land Tax charged thereon, anil also on other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which stand settled and limited to the same UTes, and in, the same Order and Course of Limitation, and which Farm or Lanas shall be more than sufficient for that Purpose; and in case it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, that such Farm or Lands cai>-not be divided in order that an adequate Part thereof may be sold without Loft to the Parties mtcrested, and

entitled, and the Surplus shall be inverted in the Funds for the Benefit of all concerned.

3*-

Lords of Manor! may enfranchise Copyholds though not seised of legal Estates in the

Parirties niay apply Trust Property applicable to charitable Purposes in redeeming Land Tag on Lands settled to charitable Uses, and the Lands may be charged with an Annuity equal to the Income of the Property applied.

'40.

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 6. 19

in case the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to the first or next beneficial Estate in Remainder, Rever- Tax, maybe (ion, or Expectancy, being of full Age, shall consent and agree to the Sale of the whole Farm and Lands (o coiientof t£ proposed to be sold, on the Terms and Restrictions herein mentioned, it shall be lawful in such Case for the persons next Commissioners to direct and authorize the Sale of the Whole of such Farm and Lands, in the Manner directed by the said Act; and the Surplus Money, after purchasing Stock sufficient to redeem such Land Tax, tnd paying and discharging the Costs and Expences attending the Sale thereof, shall be placed in the Books of the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to the Intent that the same may be laid out in the Purchase of Stock; which Stock, and the Dividends and Annual Produce thereof, shall be applied and disposed of in such Manner as in the said Act is directed, with respect to the Surplus of Stock purchased with the Money arising from bales, where no more shall be (old than what shall have been eligible or necessary to be sold for the Redemption of such Land Tax.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That any Person beneficially entitled unto any Manor may, in the

Manner directed, and with the Approbation of the Court of Chancery, in the Manner required by the said Act f, enfranchise Copyhold or Customary Estates belonging to the lame, whether such Person be seised of a legal Estate in the same Manor or not; provided that no Sale shall be allowed of any Rents under the said Act, or this Act, at any less Price than will, in the Judgment of the Commissioners, be sufficient to redeem Land Tax to the same Amount* Manor; Rents not to We sold but to redeem Land Tax to the same Amount. + §41,42. (But fee c. 10S. §3.)

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That where any Parish or Place is or shall be under any Act of Parliament, or any Deed or Will, or under any Decree of any Court, or otherwise, entitled to receive, apply, and dispose of, any Trust Property applicable to any charitable Purposes, it shall and may be lawful for such Parish or Place, and the Trustees ill whom such Trust Property is or shall be vested, to apply such Trust Property, or any Part thereof, in the Redemption of the Land 'Fax charged upon any Manors, Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, settled to charitable Uses, to the Benefit of which any such Parish or Place is or may be entitled; and by Indenture or Indentures, under the Hands and Seals of the Parson, Vicar, or Curate, and of the Churchwardens and Overseers of such Parish or Place, or of the major Part of them, enrolled in such Manner as is by the said Act % directed with respect to Indentures executed by Trustees and Other Persons for the Sale of Lands for redeeming the Land Tax, to charge such Manors, Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, or a sufficient Part thereof, with the Payment of an Annuity or Rent Charge equal to the Amount of the Income of the Trust Property which shall have been applied in the Redemption of such Land Tax: Provided always, That no such Trust Property shall be so applied, or Annuity charged, without the Approbation of two such Justices, certified in such Manner, and with such Proof of Notice? as is by the said Act || directed, in case of the Application of the Poor Rates or Church Rates for the Redemption of the Land Tax.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees for the Time being of any Trust Property heretofore given by any Will, for the Purpose of being laid out in the Purchase of Lands or Impropriate Tithes, for the Benefit of the Poor Clergy in England, with such Consent as is required by such Will, to lay out from Time to Time any Sum or Sums of Money, which by virtue of such Will now is, or are, or hereafter shall be, applicable for the Purpose aforesaid, in, for, or towards the Purchase of so much Of three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities before mentioned as may be necessary, (or to apply any Portion Of such three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities as they may be possessed of under their Tiuft, and as may be necessary for the Purpose,) for the Redemption or Purchase of the Land Tax charged, or hereafter to be charged, in pursuance of the said Act of the last Session of Parliament herein-before refereed to, upon tha Lands, Tithes, or other Profits arising from such Living or Livings belonging to the Church of England, as the said Trustees for the Time being, with such Consent as aforesaid, shall think fit, the Redemption of which Land Tax shall have been contracted for on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine § now next ensuing, by the Incumbent or Incumbents of such Living or Livings, with the Consent of the said Trustees, and of such other Persons whole Consent is required by such Will, or the Purchase whereof shall afterwards be contracted for at any Sale by Contract orpubl'ck Auction, or otherwise, under the Regulations of the said Act, by such Incumbent or Incumbents with the like Consents, and from Time to Time to transfer to the Commissioners for Reduction of the National Debt, such three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, according to such respective Contracts; and such Transfers of Stock shall, from the Quarter Day preceding the making thereof, wholly exonerate and d.scharge the Lands, Tithes, or other Profits of such Living or Living*, from the Payment of the Land 'Fax so redeemed or purchased; and every such Redemption or Purchase of Land Tax by virtue of this Act, for the Benefit

such Living or Livings, shall be deemed valid and effectual in the Law, and equivalent, to all Intents,

Constructions, and Purposes, to a Purchase or Purchases of Lands or Tithes for that Purpose, under the Trusts of such Will, any Statutes of Mortmain or other Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Glebe Lands which shall sold in pursuance of the said Act, by the Incumbent of any Living* for the Purpose of redeeming the Land Tax charged thereon, shall be fold, freed, or discharged from the Tithes, unless the Ordinary of such Living shall certify his Consent that the same shall be discharged from Tithes at the Time of certifying his Consent to the Sale of such Glebe Taxrtiali Lands. ' be freed from the Tithct, unless the Ordinary shall certify his Consent.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick or Corporate, and Corporations or Companies, and all Trustees for charitable.Purposes, being in respect of their Manors, Messuages, Lands, T*urtcts may Tenements, or Hereditaments, under the Governance, Guidance, or Control of any private Statutes, Bye-

Trustees for the Poor Clergy under any Willi may lay out Trust Property in the Redemption of Land Tax on Living!.

Cap. 3*

[Extended / March 15,18co, f.43. §7.j

No Glebe Lands sold by any incumbent lor rc-

20 C. 6. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

any ByeLaws,

dec. against Alienations.

Laws, Ordinances, or Regulations, retraining the Alienations of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to fell, or mortgage, or grant any Rent Charge out of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purpose of redeeming the Land Tax thereon, or on any other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, belonging to such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies and Trustees as aforesaid, in the Manner authorised by the said Act and this Act, notwithstanding any such private Statutes, Bye Laws, Ordinances, or Regulations to the contrary.

Lands may be sold for Redemption of Land Tax, either by private Sale or by Auction j the Commissioners being in the former Case satisfied that the Price is adequate,

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in Cases where any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, may be sold in pursuance of the said Act or of this Act, for the Purpose of redeeming any Land Tax, it shall be lawful to sell the same either by private Contract or by publick Auction, provided that in case of Sale by private Contract, the said Commissioners for executing the said Act shall be satisfied that the Price agreed to be given for the same is not less than the actual Value thereof, according to any Estimate made or directed to be made by them, and verified upon Oath, which any one of the Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer; provided also, that when they shall judge it necessary to direct any such Sale to be by publick Auction in pursuance of the said Act, it shall not be necessary to require any such Estimate as by the said Act is required in Cases of Sale, according to an Estimate on Oath.

[&e c. 11. §1.]

Sufficient may be raised by Sale of Lands to pay the Expect es of the Sale, as well as of the Amount of the Redemption Money.

Lands exempt*

cd from the Land Tax may be sold for Redemption of the Land TaX on Lands settled to the same Uses.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be proposed to be sold or charged in pursuance of the said Act and of this Act, it shall be lawful to raise so much Money by such Sale or Charge as shall be sufficient not only for the Pu(pose of redeeming any Land Tax for which such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be fold, but also for the Purpose of paying and satisfying al such Costs and Expences as the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, making any such Sale or Charge, shall incur on Account thereof; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for executing the said Act and this Act, and also for any Courts, where the Authority of such Courts is made requisite to such Sale or Charge, to order and direct that such Costs and Expences shall be paid and satisfied out of the Purchase Money for the said Manois, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, before the same shall be paid by the respective Purchasers into the Bank of England, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, or that so much thereof as they shall deem sufficient shall be~ reserved for that Purpose; and the said Order or Direction of the said Commissioners, or of such Courts respectively, shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Purchasers for so much of the Purchase Money as shall be applied in the Payment of such Costs and Expences, or as shall be raised for that Purpose.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be exempt from or not actually charged with the Payment of any Land Tax by virtue of the said last recited Act, it shall be lawful to sell or charge the same for the Purpose of redeeming the Land Tax charged upon any other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, settled or limited to the same Uses and Purposes for which such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so exempt or not actually charged as aforesaid, shall be settled or limited as effectually as if the same Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments were, and every Part thereof was, charged with such Land Tax.

When any beneficial Lease-fcokJers or Co* pyholders shall not have contracted for Redemption of their Land Tax previous to Dec. 35, 1798, the Lam'ior $, Ac-may A. 1; fub-jedi to the Intc-rest cl such Lease. tolders, &c. for Re-dem, i.on of the Land Tax on that or ot' cr Iftate* Im.ted to the fjn.e Uses.

[See C. 21 §1. and c.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That when any Person or Persons,* Bodies Politick or Corporate, holding any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, under any beneficial Lease or Leases, or by any Copy or Copies of Court Roll, or by any other Grant, according to the Custom of any Manor, (or Life or Lives, or Years absolute, or Years determinable upon any Life or Lives, granted by any Person or Persons, Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or by any Guild, Mystery, Fraternity, or Brotherhood, whether Corporate or not Corporate, or by any Trustee or Trustees for Charities or other public Purposes, shall not have contracted for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged thereon before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, then and ioany of the said Cases it shall be lawful for all such last mentioned Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, Companies and Trustees, in the Manner and Form, and under the Restrictions and Regulations in the said Act, and this Act, directed and contained in Cases of Sales thereby and hereby respectively authorised, to sell and dispose of the Fee Simple and inheritance of any of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and also the Rents and other Profits received or payable upon or in respe&of such Leasehold or Copyhold Tenements or Hereditaments, subject to the subsisting Interests of such respective Lessees, Copyholders, or other Customary Tenants, for the Purpose of railing Money for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged thereon; and also on any other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and whether in the same or different Counties, the Reversion, Fee Simple, and Inheritance whereof shall be settled and limited to the same Uses, and in the same Order and Course of Limitation.

108.5.8.]

The r.»;a Ef-

XXXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or urrs to be of- Hei ediumeius, holden under such Leases or by Copy of Court Roll as aforesaid, shall be sold or offered for Monti /to^ftjch 10 any Person or Persons whomsoever, other than to the Person or Persons for the Time being benefi-txrmficulLcafc ally interfiled therein under the subsisting Lease or Leases, or Copy or Copies of Court Roll thereof, until holders, &c. two Momns have elapsed after an offer shall have been made to sell the same to the Person or Persons so be-who (h til ai(b neficially interfiled, during which Period of two Months, such Person and Persons, by themselves or Agents, afterwanu be shall be executively entitled to contract for the Purchase thereof, and shall afterwards be preferred in the Pur-©tfiwPcrr^at^ c^a^c to any ol^er Person or Persons whomsoever, at the Price or Sum which any such other Person or Per-the bmc Price, tons would give i and that any one Joint Tenant or Tcnaiys in Common beneficially entitled as aforesaid,

A.D. 1798. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 6. 21

Joint Tenants, &c. may contract for the Whole.

Such Purchase Money to be applied, and such Estates to be ex-

may contract for the Whole, with the like Preference, on the Refusal of the other Joint Tenant or Tenants in Common tp contract for their respective Shares.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the respective Sums of Money to arise by virtue of any such last-mencioned Sale or Sales, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of, and the respective Manors, Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, the Land Tax whereof shall have been reduced therewith, or with the Stock purchased thereby, shall be exonerated and discharged from such Land Tax in the same Manner in all Respects as is directed in Cases of other Sales by the said Act and this Act respectively authorised. onerated a* in caseof other Sales.

[Where Land

XLI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Land Tax charged upon such Manors, Messuages. Lands, Tenements, Tithes, or Hereditaments as aforesaid, holden under any such beneficial Lease or Leases as aforesaid, or by Copy of Court Roll, shall be redeemed by the Monies arising by any such Sale or Sales as kft mentioned, then and in any such Case such of the same Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as shall not have been fold, shall, immediately after such Land Tax shall be redeemed, be and become charged and chargeable with a yearly Sum or Sums respectively, by way of Rent Charge, equal to the Amount of the Land Tax so redeemed; which Rent Charge or Rent Charges respectively shall from Time to Time be paid and payable Half-yearly, videlicet, at Lady-Day and Michaelmas in every Year, by equal Portions, free of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, to such Person or Persons,

Bodies, Corporations, Companies, and Trustees, and to their Heirs, Successors, and Assigns, and shall be applicable in their Hands to such and the same Uses and Purposes as the reserved Yearly Rents and Profits of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall from Time to Time be applicable to; and the first Payment of such Rent Charges respectively shall be made on such of those Days as the Land Tax redee red would become payable; and also that such Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations,

Companies, and Trustees as aforesaid, and their respective Heirs, Successors, and Assigns, shall have and be entitled to use and take the same Powers, Remedies, Benefits, and Advantages, for the Recovery of such Rent Charges respectively, as Landlords by Law have or are entitled to use and take for the Recovery of Rents in Arrear.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, being beneficially entitled to any Copyhold or Customary Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by Surrender, or by such other Ways and Means as shall be authorised by the respective Customs of the Manors whereof the same shall be holden, and with the Consent of the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, to be certified in Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, or any two of them, to fell, mortgage, or charge any such Copyhold or Customary Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purpose of redeeming the Land Tax charged thereon, or on any other Copyhold Hereditaments settled to the same Uses, and the Monies to arise and be produced by such Sale, Mortgage, or Charge, shall be applied in the same Manner in all Respects as in the said Act is directed with respect to Monies arising from the Sale of Freehold Estates.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such Sale or Charge of any Copyhold Estates by Surrender or otherwise, shall be valid, unless the Certificate of the Consent of the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act thereto shall be entered upon the Court Rolls of the Manor of which such Copyhold or Customary Estates shall be holden* font of the Commissioners under this Act is entered on the Court Rolls.

Tax charged on Lands held under such benefit cial LeafeslhiU be redeemed by Sale, such of the Lands as are not sold shall be, chargeable with the Amount of the Land Tax, as a Rent-Charge, payable Half-yearly, and recoverable as Rent.

Copyholds may

be surrendered. Sec. for the Purpose of Redemption of Land Tax, and the Produce applied as in the Case of the Sale of Freehold Estates.

[See c. ai« § I.]

No such Sale, &c. to be valid, unless the Con* [$«c.ai. § i.]

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Company or Companies of Cjmal cempa-Proprietors of Canals or other Navigations, or other Works of publick Utility, established or fandioned by nies, &c. may the Authority of Parliament, to raise such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be necessary for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on such Canals or Navigations, or other such Works ot publick Utility, or on any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments belonging thereto, or any Tolls arising the reout, either by Calls upon the respective Proprietors, or by Mortgage, or by all and every or any of the Ways and Means whereby they were, are, or shall be authorised or empowered by any Act or Acts tiow in being, or that shall hereafter be passed, to raise Money for any of the Purposes in such Acts respectively mentioned or to be mentioned; and also for the respective Proprietor or Proprietors to redeem his, her, or their Share or Proportion in the same, or the Shares or Proportions of other Proprietors, in like Manner as Joint Tenants are hereby authorised to redeem the Land Tax charged on other Hereditaments

be entitled to the Privileges of Joint Tenants under this Act.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That where the Monies to be raised by the Sale or Charge of any Where the Mo Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purpose of redeeming any Land Tax,

shall not exceed the Sum of one thousand Pounds, then and in every such Case the Indenture or Indentures whereby such Sale or Charge shall be made, in which a greater Consideration shall not be expressed, and the Inrolments thereof, shall not be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever 5 and also that no Transfer of any Stock in the Funds, which shall be made by virtue and in pursuance of the said Act for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, to and in the Name of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, nor any Letter of Attorney authorising any Person or Persons to transfer any such Stock in the Funds to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, nor any Affidavit to be made in pursuance of the said Act, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever; and all Affidavits made in pursuance thereof, before the gaffing of this Act, shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, although the same shall not be damped, as if the same had been made after the passing of this Act; and the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act shall be, and they are hereby indemnified against all Persons whomsoever* for having received, before the passing of this Act, any Affidavit or Affidavits which shall have been made in pursuance of the said last mentioned Act, and which shall not have been stataped*

redeem their Land Tax by

Calls on the Proprietors, or by Mortgage or any other Means of raising Money authorised by the respectue Acts: Such Proprietor* to

ney to be raised by Sale, &c. for the Redemption of rbe Land Tax shall not exceed icool. the Conveyances, In-rolmcrm,

Transfers of Stock, Letters of Attorney, Affidavits, &c. lobe free from Stamp Duties.

[*. ji,.]

22 C. 6, 7. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1798.

Tttnc for nrgif-tcringCgntrads enlarged.

§ 7

Regirtry of Dee.lswhciethe Consideration il under aco 1.

The Act of 38 Geo. 3. c. 60. And this Act) to be construed together as one Ad.

Office of Commissioner to execute the said Act, not to be deemed a Place of Profit under his Majesty.

Act may be altered or repealed this Session.

Cap. 60.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to regiftfer any Central for the Redemption of Purchase of any Land Tax, notwithstanding more than four Months shall have elapsed from the Day of the Date thereof, provided that such Comract be registered, in Manner directed in the said Act, before the Transfer of the second Instalment of such Stock to be made thereon, or within three Calendar Months from the Time of making the Transfer of Stock thereon, in Case the whole Confederation shall be transferred at one Time; and all Contrails whereby the Consideration shall be agreed to be paid in Money, may be re-gifterid in like Manner at any Time within three Calendar Months from the Time of Payment of such Consideration.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Registry of any Deeds required to be inrolled or registered by the said Act, where the Consideration expressed therein respectively shall not exceed two hundred Pounds, by the proper Officer appointed for registering Contracts under the said Act, shall be as valid and effectual as if the same were enrolled or registered in the Manner directed by the said Act; and such Officer is hereby required to register the same gratis.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions of this Act shall, in the Execution of the said first-recited Act of the thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, be used and applied, and construed, in like Manner as if the same Provisions were specially enacted in the said Act; and all and every the Provisions of the said Act shall, in the Execution of this Act, except where the same are thereby expressly varied, be used and applied, extended and construed, in like Manner as if the same Provisions (except as aforesaid) were specially enacted in this Act.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Acceptance of the Office of a Commissioner for the Redemption or Sale of Land Tax under the said Act, by reason of any Allowance for executing the same, shall not be deemed, taken, or construed to be a Place or Employment of Profit under His Majesty, notwithstanding the Appointment shall be by Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, but that the lame shall be deemed, taken, and construed to be a Place or Employment under the Authority of the said Act, to all Intents and Purposes, and shall not impeach any Claim or Title which such Commissioners may have to any other Allowance whatever under His Majesty.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in the present Session of Parliament.

Schedule to which the Ad: refers.

FORM of the CERTIFICATE of the Contract, when the Consideration is to be paid in Money.

IT NOW all Men, That we A.B. and C. Z). two of the Commissioners appointed for the Purposa of an Act [Here insert the Title of the Act of the thirty-eighth Year of His Present Majesty] for the [County, Ridings or.] do hereby certify that we have contracted and agreed wither. B. for the Redemption by him [or her, as the Case may require] of Land Tax, being the Land Tax

for Parcel of the Land Tax, as the Case may require] charged upon the [describe the Lands, &c ]. The Consideration for the Redemption is declared to be so much of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid to the Receiver General, or his Deputy, or Collector, [as the Case may require,] for the said [County, Ridings Shire, tsV.] of as according to the current Price of Stock tranl nitted to such

[Receiver General, or his Deputy, or Collector,] on the Day of [or if by Ifh I merits,

name the particular Days and Proportions,] will be sufficient to purchase Capital Stock

in the three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, such Price to be estimated according to the current Price of Stock transferred in the Week preceding the Day of making the Contract: [Or the Day of Payment, as the Case may require Or, if to be paid by Instalments, the Days of Payment in respect of each Instalment, with Interest, to be paid at the Time of the second and each subsequent Instalment, to the _said Receiver General or his Deputy, equal to the Amount of the Land Tax redeemed, deducting therefrom a Sum bearing the same Proportion to such Land Tax as the Amount of Stock to be purchased with the Money paid before the Time of each Payment bears to the whole Amount of Stock to be purchased with the Money agreed to be paid on such Contract.]

---

CAP. VII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions by Way of Annuities.

[22d December 1798.]

"Most Gracious Sovereign,"

"WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the necessary Supplies which we have chearfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved that the Sum of Three Millions be raised by Annuities, in Manner herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted," &c.

"Every Contributor of 100l. to be entitled to a Principal of 100l. in the 3 per Cent. Consols; and a Principal of 87l. 9s. 6d. in the 3 per Cent. Reduced. The Consols to commence from Jan. 5, 1799; and"

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 7, 8, 9. 23

---

the Reduced from Oct. 10, 1798. §1. Contributors who have made Deposits at the Bank, to pay the Remainder of Subscriptions by Instalments. §2. Guardians may subscribe for Infants. §3. Contributors entitled to certain Annuities, which shall be paid Half-yearly, but not till Subscriptions are completed. §4. As soon as Subscriptions are completed, they may be transferred. §5. Annuities payable and transferable at the Bank. §6. Bank to appoint a Cashier and Accountant General, and the Treasury to order Money to be issued to the Cashier, for payment of the Annuities. §7. Cashier to give Receipts for Subscriptions, which may be assigned before Feb. 7, 1799—Cashier to give Security for paying the Money he receives into the Exchequer. §8. A Book to be kept in the Accountant General’s Office, for entering Contributors' Names, a Duplicate whereof to be transmitted to the Auditor of the Exchequer. §9. Contributors duly paying their Subscriptions, entitled to Annuities Tax-free. §10. Subscriptions paid in part, and not completed, to be forfeited. §11. Annuities to be deemed Personal Estate. §12. Treasury may apply the Money paid into the Exchequer. §13. Accountant General to keep Books for entering Transfers.—Stock may be devised.—Transfers not liable to Stamp Duties §14. Treasury may defray incidental Expences out of Contributions, and allow Salaries to the Cashier and Accountant General. §15. The 3l. per Cent. Consols under this Act to be added to the Joint Stock of 3l. per Cent. Consols. §16. The 3l. per Cent. Reduced to be added to the Joint Stock of 3l. per Cent. Reduced. §17. Annuities granted by this Act, to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund.—Persons counterfeiting Receipts for Contributions, etc. guilty of Felony without Clergy. §18. Bank to continue a Corporation till the Annuities hereby granted cease. §19. No Fee to be taken for receiving Contributions, or paying or transferring Annuities, on Penalty of 20l. §20. Persons sued may plead the General Issue.—Treble Costs. §21."

---

CAP. VIII.

An Act for extending the Time allowed for taking out Certificates for using or wearing Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, until the fifteenth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

[4th January 1799.]

'WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament,

[38 Geo. 3. cap. 53. recited.]

intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued with respect to Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, it was enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety weight, or within the Space of two Calendar Months next ensuing, every Person liable to any of the Duties by the said Act imposed should make Entry of his or her Name and Place of Abode, in the Manner and for the Purpose in the said Act mentioned, under the Penalty in the said Act contained, in order to obtain a Certificate thereof duly stamped, as by the said Act is directed: And whereas many Persons using or wearing Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, through Ignorance, Absence, or some unavoidable Accident, have omitted or neglected to make such Entries and obtain such Certificates as aforesaid within the Time limited by the said Act, whereby they are or may become liable to the Penalty contained therein:' For Remedy whereof, may it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Time allowed by §5. of the recited Act for making Entries, and obtaining Certificates, extended to Feb. 1799.]

That the Time allowed by the said recited Act for making such Entries and obtaining such Certificates, shall be, and is hereby extended until and upon the fifteenth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and that every Person liable to any of the Duties by the said recited Act imposed, who on the twenty-fourth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall have neglected or omitted to make such Entry and obtain such Certificate, and who before the fifteenth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine shall make such Entry and obtain such Certificate as by the said recited Act is required, shall be, and is hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from and against all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reason of such Omission or Neglect; and every such Entry so to be made shall be of the like Force and Effect as if the same had been made within the Time limited by the said recited Act.

CAP. IX.

An Act to continue, until the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, Chapter Seven, on the second day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, intituled, An Act to continue, until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, two several Acts, passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of his present Majesty, the one, Chapter thirty-two, on the tenth day of March, and the other, Chapter sixty-one, on the twenty-fifth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for suspending, for a limited time, the operation of certain Acts, made in the fifteenth and seventeenth Years of the reign of His present Majesty for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes

24 C. 9, 10, 11. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

and bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain called England; and also to amend the said act, and further to continue the same, so amended, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

[4th January 1799.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

[37 Geo. 3. c. 32. and]

intituled, An Act to suspend for a limited Time the Operation of two Acts of the fifteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England: And whereas another Act was passed in the same Session of Parliament,

[37 Geo. 3. c. 62. recited.]

---

intituled, An Act to revive, amend, and continue, for a limited Time, an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to suspend, for a limited Time, the Operation of two Acts of the fifteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England;" And whereas the said first-recited Act, as revived,

amended, and continued by the said second-recited Act, has, by two other Acts, one passed in the same Session of Parliament (a), and the other in the last Session of Parliament (b), been further continued until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of this present Session: And whereas it is expedient that the said two first-recited Acts should be further continued and amended be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said first hereinbefore recited Act, as revived, amended, and continued by the said second herein-before recited Act, and also the said second herein-before recited Act, shall have further Continuance and be in force from the Expiration of the present Term thereof, until the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and that from and after the said first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety~T)ine, the said recited Acts shall have further Continuance and be in force until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, but shall only extend to and have Effect upon Promissory Notes or Draughts, or Undertakings in Writing, payable on Demand to the Bearer thereof, for any Sum of Money less than the Sum of five rounds, and not less than the Sum of twenty Shillings in the Whole; any Thing in the said Acts, or any other Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding;

---

[Act may be altered or repealed this Session.]

and that this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be paired in this present Session of Parliament.

[See cap. 24. continuing this Act to May 25, and cap* 47, to the 5lb July 1799. - See also cap. 107.]

---

7 G. 3.

w rj7<

c. 120.

(*) [3*C-3‘ Ct 7*]

Recited Act further continued to March 25, 1799; but after Feb. i,

1799, Grail only extend to Notes, &c. for ltfs than 5l. and rot lef» than ae s. payable on Demand to Bearer.

---

CAP. X.

An act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and amend an act, passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter two, videlicet, On the thirtieth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, intituled, An act to continue, until the expiration of thirty days after the commencement of the next session of parliament of the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter one hundred and thirty-seven, videlicet, On the twentieth of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, intituled, 'An act to continue an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled, "An act to revive and continue for a limited time, and amend an act, passed in the present session of parliament, intituled, "An act to allow the banks, and certain banking companies, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue notes for sums under a certain amount, for a limited time; and for indemnifying all persons who have issued notes for small sums of money in that part of the united kingdom" for a limited time.'

[4th January 1799.]

"37 Geo. III. Cap. 40; 37 Geo. III. Cap. 62; 37 Geo. III. Cap. 117; and 38 Geo. III. Cap. 2; recited. Act last recited, further continued till March 25, 1799. This Act may be repealed this Session. [Continued by c. 25. to May 25; and by c. 48. to July 5, 1799.]

[From Jan. 15, 1799, no Notes under 5s. to be issued. [See Cap. 107.

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That from and after the fifteenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, it shall not be lawful to issue any Note, Bill, or Ticket, under the Authority of this Act, for any Sum under five Shillings Sterling.

CAP. XI.

An Act for allowing further Time for the Payment of Instalments to become due on certain Sums advanced by way of Loan, to certain Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincents.

[4th January 1799.]

'WHEREAS an Act was passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

[35 Geo. 3. c. 127.]

intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, for the Purposes and in the Manner therein mentioned, reciting that in Consideration of the heavy Losses which had been sustained in the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincents, in consequence of the late Insurrections, it was

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 11. 25

---

expedient that his Majesty should be enabled to direct Exchequer Bilk, to the Amount of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued to Commissioners, to be by them advanced under certain Regulations and Restrictions, for the A flirt a nee and Accommodation of such Persons connected with or trading to the said Islands, as should be desirous of receiving the same, on due Security being given for the Re- payment of the Sums so advanced within a Time to be limited, his Majesty was enabled by Warrant

under his Royal Sign Manual, to authorize and empower the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury fur the Time being, or any thrfce or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to cause or direct any Nunber of Exchequer Bills to be made out at his Majesty's Exchequer in Manner therein mentioned: And whereas an Act was passed in the thirty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for allowing further Time for the Payment of instalments to become due on certain Sums advanced by way of Loan, pursuant to an Act of the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount yfor the Purposes and in the Manner therein mentioned and for granting further Relief to Perjbfis connected with* and trailing to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent: And whereas Issues in Exchequer Bills, under Authority and in pursuance of the said Acts, have been made to the Amount of one million two hundred and sixty-five thousand one hundred and thirty three Pounds six Shillings and eight Pence,

whereby great Benefit and Relief have been afforded to Proprietors and Persons connected with the said Islands, to the general Advantage and Prosperity of the same: And whereas by the Provisions of the said Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, further Time was allowed for the Payment of Instalments, but from the great Extent of Losses and Unfavourableness of Season, the Proprietors of Estates in the said Islands have not yet been able to render fully productive the said Estates, and .* further, have incurred extraordinary Debt and Expences in accomplishing the same, and beyond what might have been foreseen at the Time of parting the said Acts, and, from the present Conditions of the said Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, it is thereby expedient to continue and enlarge the Powers of the said Acts, and further to extend the Time of the Payment of Instalments on the said Exchequer Bills,

upon the Terms and Conditions, and to be paid at the Periods herein after specified Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Honourable Henry Hobart, Sir William Pulteney Baronet, Sir John Sinclair Baronet, the Right Honourable Sir Grey Cooker Baronet, Edward Simeon, Ebenezer Maitland, Esquires; Sir John William Anderson Baronet, William Curtis, Charles Grant, George Dorrion, Robert Hunter, Thomas Plummer, Gabriel Tucker Steward, and Benjamin Savage. Esquires, being the present acting Commissioners under the said recited Acts, and who are severally authorised by, named in, or appointed under, the Powers contained in the said recited Acts; and further, that the Honourable Henry Hobart, Sir William Pulteney Baronet, Sir John Sinclair Baronet, the Right Honourable Sir Grey Cooper Baronet, Edward Simeon, Ebenezer Maitland, Esquires; Sir John William Anderson Baronet, William Curtis, Charles Grant, George Dorrien, Robert Hunter, Thomas Plummer, Gabriel Tucker Steward, and Benjamin Savage, Esquires, shall be and are hereby constituted Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to whom such Exchequer Bills hase been issued in pursuance of the said recited Acts, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and who respectively shall be desirous of enlarging or extending the Time limited by the said Acts for futh Repayment, to make Application to the said Commissioners hereby appointed, for any Enlargement or Extension of the Times limited for such Repayment, not exceeding the Times herein after specified, and to offer to the said Commissioners Security for the due Payment of such Instalments, at or within such enlarged or extended Times; (either by continuing, in the Manner herein after mentioned, the Sureties or Securities already liable or pledged for Repayment of the Amount of the said Bills and Interest thereon, or by procuring or making further or other Sureties or Securities, of the Nature and Quality specified in the said Acts or this Act, or by all or any of those Means, as he or they may be able to give or eftedj and the said Commissioners are hereby authorised, from Time to Time, to accept and renew such Surety or Sureties as have been heretofore accepted, and liable for Repayment of the said Bills or Interest thereon; and further, are authorised to admit and accept other and new Surety or Sureties in lieu thereof only, as Circumstances shall require, and as to them the said Commissioners shall seem proper and necessary, requiring Parties to appear, and proceeding to examine and to judge of and determine -upon the Sufficiency of such Surety or Sureties, Security or Securities, to be given for securing the Repayment of such Sums at the Expiration of such enlarged or extended Times, in like Manner as they are enabled b$r the said recited Acts to do with respect to the original Sureties or Surety, Securities or Security, directed to be proposed, given, and made, previous to the Advance or Issue of any Exchequer Bills under the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons or Person who now are or is, or at the Time of any such Application shall be, liable as Sureties or Surety for the Repayment of any such Loan or Advance, at the Times limited by the said herein-before recited Acts, and who shall be willing to remain Sureties or Surety for the Repayment of such Loan or Advance, at the Expiration of such enlarged or extended Times, shall signify their Consent to remain such Sureties or Surety, ’by subscribing their or his Names or Name to a Writing, to be left with the Secretary of the said Commissioners for the Timoic ng, in the following Form; (that is to say,)

WHEREAS the Commissioners named in and appointed under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to direii the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount* for the Purposes and in the Manner therein

*5

and 37 Geo. c. 17. recited.

Commissioners

Person! may apply to the Commissioners to have the Time of Repayment of Exchequer Bitts, issued under recited Acts, extended.

Commissioners may renew Sureties, and determine on tin- Sufficiency of Sureties and Securities.

Sureties willing to remain so for Repayment of Loan at the Expiration of extended Times, to signify to the Secretary their Consent in tlte following Form.

26 C. 11. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Commissioners to meet to receive, or appoint Persons to receive, Applications for Extension of Times for Repayment of Loans, and six Days for taking them into Consideration.

Commissionm may grant to

Person* not prepared to tender Sufficient Sureties, prev» y* to Instalments becoming due under recited Act, further Time for procuring such Sureties)

mentioned; and further of an Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for allowing further Time for the Payment of Instalments to become due on certain Sums advanced by way of Loan, pursuant to an Act of the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

[

intituled,

44. An Act for enabling his Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer bills to a limited Amount$ for the Purposes and in the Manner therein mentioned and for granting further Relief to Persons connected with and trading to the islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent; did* on the Day of advance

to the Sum of in Exchequer Bills, who thereupon entered into and executed a Bond to his Majesty in the penal Sum of conditioned for Payment of the said

Sum of with Interest at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum% by three several instal-

ments, according to the said Acts; and the several Persons hereunder mentioned as Sureties for the said ' entered into, and executed Bonds to his Majesty for the several Sums of Money set opposite

their respective Names hereunder written, conditioned for Repayment of the said Sum of and the Interest thereof, in Manner aforesaid: And whereas by an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for continuing and enlarging the Powers given by the said Acts, and for extending the Times limited by the said Acts for the Repayment of the Amount of the Exchequer Bili$

issued in pursuance of the same, the said Commissioners, upon the Application of the Persons who have re- ceived Advances of Exchequer Bills under the said Acts, and upon such Security and Consent being riven to and deposited with the said Commissioners, as is directed by the said Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty, are authorised to extend the Time for Repayment therein specified, of the Amount of such Exchequer Bills to certain Periods: And whereas the said applied to the said Commissioners to extend the Time for the Payment of [the Whole of the said Loan in Exchequer Bills, on the first, second, or third Instalments thereof, as the Case may be] to become due and be payable from the Time [fir respective Times] when the lame became payable, according to any or either of the said Acts,

and proposed that the Persons whole Names are hereto subscribed shall consent to remain as Sureties for Payment of the said Sum of with Interest at the Rate of Pounds per Centum per Annum, at the said extended Period or Periods], in like Manner as they now stand liable for Payment thereof, with Interest, by Instalments, according to any or either of the said Acts: Now these Presents witness, That we, whose Names are hereunto subscribed, do hereby severally and respectively de- dare, that the said Application and Proposal, so made to the said Commissioners by the said as

aforesaid, were made with our Privity, Consent, and Approbation; and we do hereby consent and agree,

that the Bonds already executed by us for the respective Sums set opposite our respective Names, at the Foot hereof as aforesaid, shall remain and continue as a Security for Kepayment of the said Sum of with Interest thereon at the Rate of Pounds per Centum per Annum, at the said extended Period or Periods], in like Manner as the same now stand, as a Security for Repayment thereof by Instal- ments, according to the said Acts; and we further consent and agree, that the said Commissioners shall be at Liberty to grant to the said the said Extension of Time for Payment, either upon the Security already received for the lame, or upon any other or different Securities, as they in their discretioA shall think fit to accept. Witness our Hands this Day of .*

And every such Consent, so subscribed and delivered, shall be binding upon the respective Sureties or Surety so signing the same, their, his, or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, in like Manner as such respective Sureties or Surety were or was by the original Bonds or Bond entered into by them or him, bound for the Repayment of such Loan or Advance at the Times thereby limited for the Repayment thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That within seven Days next after this Act shall have received the Royal Assent, the Commissioners who shall have taken the Oath prescribed by the said herein-before recited Acts, or by this Act, or feme three or more of them, shall meet to receive, or to appoint a proper Person or Persons to receive, all such Applications in Writing as shall be made to them for such Enlargement or Extension of the Times for the Repayment of the Amount of such Exchequer Bills, or any of the Instalments thereof, and shall also fix proper and convenient Days for the Purpose of raking into Consideration all such Applications, and shall meet together for that Purpose, and proceed to take into Consideration all such Applications as shall specify the Times to which such Payments are required to be extended, (not exceeding the Limits herein after mentioned,) and which shall tender any Security, which the said Commissioners are authorised as afore* Ta 1 d to take far the due Payment of such Sums of Money, at or before the Expiration of such enlarged or extended Times, and which shall also specify the Nature, Quality, and Amount thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case any Persons or Person, making such Application to the said Commissioners, shall not, previous to or upon any of the said Instalments becoming due and payable under the said recited Acts, be prepared to tender such sufficient Sureties or Surety, or Securities or Security, for the Purposes herein mentioned, as shall by the said Commissioners be deemed requisite, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, by Writing under the Hands and Seals of any three or more of them, to grant to such Persons or Person such further Time for the procuring and tendering such Sureties pr Securities (not exceeding the Limits herein after mentioned) as they in their Discretion shall think fit to allow; and in the mean Time, and until the Expiration of the Time so allowed by the said Commissioners for the Purpose aforesaid, such Parties respectively shall not be deemed or taken to have made Default in Payment of such Instalment of the said Loan under the said recited Acts, nor shall any Process, Suit, or other Proceeding, be issued, commenced, or had, nor any Warrant for the same granted against the said Parties respectively, or their Sureties or Surety, their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, or upon or in respect of any Securities or Security made, assigned, or deposited for the Purposes in the said Acts mentioned,

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 11. 27

or otherwise, for the Purpose of recovering or compelling Payment of the said Loan, or any Part thereof.

VI. Provided always and be it further enacted, That in case such Application Avail be mack to the said Commissioners for the Enlargement or Extension of the Time limited for the Payment of the first Instal-, inent, payable under the said recited Act, and the Persons or Person making such Application shall not be prepared to tender such sufficient Sureties or Surety, Securities or Security* as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall not allow to such Persons or Person any longer Time than three Months, to be computed from the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, for the Purpose of procuring and tendering such Sureties or Surety, Securities or Security; and in case such first Instalment Avail have been duly-paid. and such Application shall be made for the Enlargement or Extension of the Times of Payment of the second and third Instalments, or either of them, then the said shall not allow any longer Time for the Purposes aforesaid than three Months, to be computed from the respective Times of Payment of the said fecor.d and third Instalments respectively/as limited by the said Acis; and any Grant or Allowance by the said Commissioners to any Persons’ or Person making such Application, for any longer or further Time for the Purposes aforesaid, than as herein-before mentioned, shall be wholly void and of none tlftd.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person, who Avail make such Application to the said Commissioners for the Enlargement or Extension of the Times of Repayment of the Amount of any Exchequer Bills advanced under the said recited Acts, or any Instalment thereof, and whose Applications and Proposals shall be approved by the said Commissioners, shall forthwith enter into such additional Bond or Obligation, Bonds or Obligations, and in such and the like Penalties as were required by the said recited Acts upon the original Advance or Issue of the said Exchequer Bills, and with such original or new Sureties (if any) as shall be approved by the said Commissioners for the due Repayment of the Amount of such Exchequer Bills, at or before the Expiration of such enlarged or extended Times, and shall deposit, or cause to be deposited, in the Hands of the said Commissioners of of such Person as they shall appoint to receive the same, all such further or other Securities as shall have been tendered by the said Parties respectrfvely, and approved by the said Commissioners, and shall pay such Interest on the said Loan, and in such Manner, and within such Time, as herein after directed; and from and after the Execution and Delivery of such Bonds, ancj the sinning of such Consent by the original Sureties as aforesaid, and the Deposit of such farther Sureties fas the Case may be) and the Payment of such Interest as aforesaid, it shall and maybe lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to grant and allow, in Manner herein after mentioned, to such Parties respectively, such Enlargement or Extension of the Times of Repayment of such Loan as they the said Commissioners shall, in their Discretion, think proper, so that the same be made payable by such Instalments as herein after mentioned; (that is to say,) one-third Part of the said principal Sums with the Interest then due for the same, at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum^ on or before the second Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine 5 one-third Part thereof with like Interest on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred; and the Residue thereof, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, with the highest Rate of Interest payable on any Exchequer Bills outstanding between the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred, and the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one; and such Parties respectively to whom the said Commissioners shall allow such Enlargement or Extension of the Times of Payment of the said Loan, shall not be deemed or taken to have made Default in Payment of the said Loan in Manner directed by the said recited Acts, nor shall any Process, Suit, or other Proceeding be issued, commenced, ox had, nor any Warrant for the same granted, against the said Parties respectively, or their Sureties or Surety, their or any of their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, or upon or in rdfbe& of any Securities or Security made, assigned, or deposited, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, or otherwise, in order to recover or compel the Repayment of the said Loan, or any Part thereof, until the Expiration of such enlarged or extended Times as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which the said Commissioners shall think fit to meant or allow any such Enlargement or Extension of Time for the Repayment of such Loan, or any Instalment thereof, they the said Commissioners shall certify such their Allowance by a Writing under the Hands of any three or more of them, in the Form following; (that is to say,)

WHEREAS the Commissioners named in and appointed under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to dire ft the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount for the Purposes, and in the Manner therein mentioned; and the same, and other Commissioners, by virtue of an Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for allowing further Time for the Payment of Instalments to be*, come due on certain Sums advanced by way of Loan, pursuant to an Act of the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to dir eft the issue of ExcheaUer Bills to a limited Amount, for the Purposes and in the Manner therein mentioned and for granting further Relief to Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, aid, on the Day of advance to* the Sum of in Exchequer Bills,

who thereupon entered into and executed a Bond to his Majesty, in the penal Sum of conditioned for the Payment of the said Sum of. #. with Interest, by Instalments, according to the said Act: And whereas by an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing and enlarging the Powers given by the said Act$, and for extending the Times limited by the said Acts for the Repayment of the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued in pursuance of the same, the

but rot beyond / three Months; from Jan. 5, 1799s or from the Time for Payment of the second and third Instalments.

Persons to whom Timet for Repayment of Loans shall be extended, shall enter into additional Bonds, &c.

Commissioners may grant to such Persons Extension of Times of Repay-ment by three Instalment*; one third on

oa. t, 1799,

one-third on March t;> 1800, and the Remainder on March 15, 1.801, with certain Rates of Interest*

Commissioners to certify their Allowance of (hch Extension in the following Form.

28 C. 11. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Copies of Certificates lobe entered in the CommissionuV Books.

Before receiving Certificates, the Interest: of Loans to be paid.

said Commissioners are authorised, upon the Application of the Persons who have received Advances of k Exchequer Bills under the said Acts, and upon such Security and Consent being given to and deposited with the said Commissioners as is mentioned in the said last mentioned Act, to extend the Time for Repayment of the Amount of such Exchequer Bills, not exceeding to the Times and Periods

k therein specified: And whereas the said applied to the said Commissioners to extend the Time for the Payment of [the Whole of the said Loan on Exchequer Bills, or the first, second, or third k Jnfhhnents, as the same may be] from the Time [or respective Times] when the same became payable according to the said Acts, to such Periods and Times of Payment as by an Act passed in the thirty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for allowing further Time for the Payment of Instalments to become due, are provided and directed; that is to say, one-third Part, et cetera, on or before 4, one-third Part on or before, and the Residue

thereof on or before with the highest Rate of Interest payable on any Exchequer Bills outstanding between the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred, and the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, and hath given Security for Payment thereof at such extended Period or Periods, which hath been approved by or more of the said Commissioners: Now we,

whole Names are hereunto subscribed, and Seals affixed, being of the said Commissioners, do, in pursuance of the Directions contained in the said Act, certify. That we have granted and allowed to the said the further Time [or Times] as above recited, for Repayment of the said Sum of

[or Instalment, or Instalments thereof, as the Case may be\ from the Time [or respective

Times] when the same became payable according to the said Acts, Given under our Hands and Seals,

this Day of

And such Certificates shall be delivered to the respective Parties to whom such Allowance shall be made, and a Copy or Minute of all such Certificates or Allowances shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the said Commissioners for that Purpose.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person to whom such. Enlargement or Extension of Time for the Payment of the said Instalments, or any or either of them, shall be granted or allowed under the Powers and Authorities herein-before given for that Purpose, shall* previous to receiving the Certificate of the said Commissioners for the same, pay, or cause to be paid, to the said Commissioners, or such Persons or Person as they, or any three or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same, Interest for the first Instalment of the said Loan, or so much thereof as shall remain due or unpaid, at the Time when such Grant or Allowance shall be made, such Interest to be paid, in case the Whole of the said Loan shall remain due and unpaid, within three Months, to be computed from the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; or if any such Instalments shall have been paid or satisfied before such Grant or Allowance, then within three Months from the Time when the next accruing Instalment is made payable in pursuance of the said recited Acts.

X. Provided always, and it; is hereby declared, That the said Acts herein-before recited, and all Remedies, thereby provided for recovering or compelling the Repayment of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills ifluei and advanced under the same as aforesaid, shall continue and be in full Force as against all Persons, and in all cases, where the Time for Repayment shall not have been enlarged and extended according^ foe Provisions of this Act.

Hensedics of recited Acts for compelling Repayment of Exchequer Bllls> tp continue where the Times have not been extended.

Commissioners to ha\e the same Vow# rjas under rec.ted AOs.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners (lialThave- alt such Powers and Authorities* with respect to any Parties applying for Relief under this Act, (for the Enlargement or Extension of the Times of Repayment of any Loan already advanced,) and the Sureties and Securities tendered by such Parlies respectively, and shall have all such Remedies for the Purpose of recovering or compelling Repayment of any Loans or Advances already made, the Times of Repayment of which shall or may be enlarged oti extended by the Authority of this Act, as are given to the said Commissioners, and provided by the said recited Act, in respect of any Persons applying for Relief under the same, and the Sureties and Securities ten-^ dsred by them, or in respect of any Default in Repayment of the Loan authorised by the same-

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Persons or Person consenting to remain Sureties or Surety for any Parties or Party to whom such Enlargement or Extension of the Times of Repayment of Loans ad-, vanced to them ns hereirvbefore mentioned shall be allowed, or becoming Sureties or Surety for any Persons or Person to whom any such Loan shall have been originally, made by the Authority aforesaid, their or his Executors or Administrators, shall pay or satisfy such Loan, or any Part thereof, or the Interest thereof* or any Costs or Charges incurred in recovering or compelling Payment of such Loan, or any Part thereof* such Sureties or Surety final! have all such Remedies asagaintt their or his Principals or Principal, and their, or his Co-sureties or Co-fun?ty (if any), as are provided by the said recited Act or Acts, for the Benefit of

ritics to remain Sureties of the Persons obtaining a Loan of Exchequer Bills under the said Acts: And, moreover, all, an Securities for and every such Mortgages or Mortgage as shall be accepted or laken by the said Commissioners, under the the Reimburse- Authority by the said Acts given to them for that Purpose, as Securities or Security for any Loan or Advance* *Kntxo furli heretofore made under the Authority of the said Acts, shall stand and remain as Securities ora Security for. Sureties of the R^imburlemtju to such Sureties respectively, their Executors and Administrators, of the Whole or any. wetdb^th Sum Money which shall be paid and satisfied by them as such Sureties, and shall and may be.

Sureties satisff-Loan to have the same Remedies atfaintt >Sc Principals rKJo-furctie* as under rveited Acts; and Mortgages 13ken a* Secu-

y cm‘ enforced and rendered available, by and under the Authority of the said Commissioners, in like Manner, and^ with the same Force and Effect, as by the said Adsaie provided, for the Purpose of recovering Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money that shall or may be advanced by the said Commissioners, upon the Security of such Mortgage or Mortgages under and by virtue of the said Acts.

---

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 11, 12, 13. 29

[Obligations taken by the Commissioners, &c. not liable to Stamp Duties.]

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Obligation to his Majesty taken by the said Commissioners under this Act, nor any Consent signed by any Sureties or Surety for the Purposes herein-before mentioned, nor any Promissory Note to be given to the Secretary of the said Commissioners, as a Security for the Repayment of the Amount of any such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, nor any Affidavit, Deposition, or Receipt, taken or made under or by virtue of this Act, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatsoever.

CAP. XII.

An act to continue, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, an act, passed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter fifteen, videlicet, On the sixteenth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and also an act, passed in the same year, chapter eighty, videlicet, On the twenty-second day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and also another act, passed in the thirty-sixth year of his present Majesty, chapter seventy-six, videlicet, on the fourteenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, relating to the admission of certain articles of merchandize in neutral ships, and the issuing of orders in council for that purpose; and to continue, for the same period, an act, passed in the session of parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter twenty-one, videlicet, On the twenty-eighth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, authorising his Majesty to make regulations respecting the trade and commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.

[4th January 1799.]

---

44 3£ Geo. III. Cap. 15.1 35 Geo. III. Cap. 80.; and 36 Geo III. Cap. 76. recited; and (having been con—

tmued by 37 Geo. III. Cap. 12. and 38 Geo. III. Cap. 9,) further continued by this Act to the Time *c Rated in the Title- 37 Geo. III. Cap. 21. (also continued by 38 Geo. III. Cap. £.) further continued,.by this Act, to the same Time/*

---

CAP. XIII.

An act to repeal the duties imposed by an act, made in the last session of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war; and to make more effectual provision for the like purpose, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties.

[9th January 1799.]

---

[See also

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise an ample Contribution for the Prosecution of the War; and taking Notice that the Provisions made for that Purpose, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament,

[

intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, have 38 Geo. T.

in sundry Instances been greatly evaded, and that many Persons are not assessed under the said Act in a c. 16. recited.*

just Proportion to their Means of contributing to the Public Service; have cheerfully and voluntarily given and granted, and do by this Act give and grant, unto your Majesty, the several and respective Rates and Duties herein after mentioned: And we do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lofds Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of (acne, Thafcfo much of the said recited Act as charges any Person with an additional Duty in So much thereof ? Proportion to the Amount of the Rates or Duties to which such Person was or should be assessed according Mimporesadd*— to any Assessment or Assessments made in pursuance of any Act or Acts in force at the Time of passing the (aid recited Act, or as authorizes or appoints Commissioners for executing the same, or for hearing and determining Appeals, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed from and after the fifth Day of April one pealed; from thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; save and except in Cases herein after mentioned, and in all Cases April 5,1799; relating to the recovering, collecting, paying, or accounting for any. Arrears of the Rates or Assessments except in certain-! charged by virtue of the said Act, which may become payable on or before the said fifth Day of April one '1

thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and may after that Time remain unpaid.; or to the recovering) any 4 Y > 9-J Penalty or Forfeiture which shall have been then incurred under and by virtue of the said Act.

II. And it further enacted, That, instead of the Rates and Assessments by the said Act imposed and The following

hereby repealed' as aforesaid, and during the Term herein after mentioned, there shall be raised, levied, titw Duties

collected, and paid annually, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, throughout shall fc* imposedr Kingdom of Great Britain, upon alt Income arising firom Property in Great Britain belonging to any all Income, kis Majesty's Subjects, although not resident in Great Britain, and ‘ upon all Income of every i^Gr^Br*7 Pert* residing in Great Britain, and of every Body Politick or Corporate, or Company, Fra- tam, belonging

ttrnity, or Society of Persons (whether Corporate or not Corporate) in Great Britain, whether to Subject to

any such Income as aforesaid (hatt arWe from Lands* Tenements, or Hereditaments, wheresoever though not re*. the same shall be situate, in Great Britain ox elsewhere, or from any Kind* of personal Property, there;.

r ether Property whatever, or from any Profession, Office, Stipend, Pension, Employment, Trade, or InconMToAis: residing>. and pC aft Corporations, 8tc> in Great Britain! whether arising from Lands in Great Britain or elsewhere; or from PeWbnai Property t; w fre:n ao^Profession, Office, Tr.dc, viz*; \

30 C. 13. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

From

toi. to 6;1. T>Icth Part of such Income.

®5l. and ch-clt r 701.5

70)---7 Sl* i

75I—*ol. *ol.—85L5. Sjl—90l.5. got—95L;

95l.—idol. 5 1 $el.—105l. j I05L—ucl; uol.—II5J.

30 C. 13. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

TI5I— Jiol.j Wol.—125l.;

*151.-1301.; T«0 *301 - 1351.; T*T

-jjsL—*401.5 *3 140I—145l.; ,>T

*451.-150].; ,'r *50).—l5jl.5

1551—>6ol.; tV

*6ol—165). 1 *1;

*65l.—1701.3 t'j

1701 - 1751.; iV 1751 - 1801.3 r'r

1801 - 1851.; 7* 1S5I— 1901.; t'x

1901 - 1951.5 i,'v 1951—*ool. 3 TV

aool. or upwards

5*

Persons having Children maintained principally at their Expence, shall be allowed the following Abatement vis. Persons having Income of 60l. and under 400V a Year, 5 per Cent. for each Child:

400L and under roooo). 4 per Cent, for each Child where there is any coe above six Years old, and 3 per Cent, where ail the Children are under six: sooooi. and under 50C0L 3 per Cent. and x. per Cent, in like Manner: 5000l. and upwards, a, per Cent*

Vocation, the several Rates and Duties following; that is to iky, one one-hundred-and-twentieth Part of the Income of every such Person* Body Politick or Corporate, Company, Fraternity, or Society, estimated according to this Act, if the same shall Amount unto sixty Pounds per Annum, and shall be tinder sixty-five Pounds per Annum; one ninety-fifth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to sixty-five Pounds, but shall be under seventy Pounds; one seventieth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to seventy Pounds, but shall be under seventy-five Pounds; one sixty-fifth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to seventy-five Pounds, but shall be under eighty Pounds; one fixrieth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to eighty Pounds, but shall be under eighty-five Pounds; one fifty.fifth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to eighty-five Pounds, but shall be under ninety Pounds; one fiftieth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to ninety Pounds, but shall be under ninety-five Pounds; one forty-fifth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to ninety-five Pounds, but shall be under one hundred Pounds*; one fortieth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to one hundred Pounds, but shall be under one hundred and five Pounds; one thirty-eighth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to one hundred and five Pounds, but shall be under one hundred and ten Pounds; one thirty-sixth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to one hundred and ten Pounds, but shall be under one hundred and fifteen Pounds; one thirty-fourth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to one hundred and fifteen Pounds* but shall be under one hundred and twenty Pounds; one thirty-second Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to one hundred and twenty Pounds, but shall be under one hundred and twenty-five Pounds; one thirtieth Part of such Income* if the same shall amount to one hundred and twenty-five Pounds, but shall be under one hundred and thirty Pounds; one twenty-eighth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to one hundred and thirty Pounds, but shall be under 011c hundred and thirty-five Pounds; one twenty-sixth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to or.e hundred and thirty-five Pounds, but shall be under one hundred and forty Pounds; one twenty-fourth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to one hundred and forty Pounds, but shall be under one hundred and forty-five Pounds; one twenty-second Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to one hundred and forty-five Pounds, but shall be under one hundred and fifty Pounds: one twentieth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to one hundred and fifty Pounds, but shall be under one hundred and fifty-five Pounds 5 one nineteenth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to one hundred and fifty-five Pounds, but shall be under one hundred* and sixty Pounds; one eighteenth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to one hundred and sixty Pounds, but shall be under one hundred and sixty-five Pounds; one seventeenth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to one hundred and sixty-five Pounds, but shall be under one hundred and seventy Pounds; one sixteenth Part of such Income, if»the same shall amount to one hundred and seventy Pounds, but shall be under one hundred and seventy-five Pounds; one fifteenth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to one hundred and seventy-five rounds, but Qiall be under one hundred and eighty Pounds; one fourteenth Part of such Income* if the same shall amount to one hundred and eighty Pounds, but shall be under one hundred and eighty-five Pounds; one thirteenth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to one hundred and eighty-five Pounds, but shall be under one hundred and ninety Pounds; one twelfth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to one hundred and ninety Pounds, but shall be under one hundred and ninety five Pounds; one eleventh Part of such Income, if the lame shall amount to one hundred and ninety-nve Pounds, but shall be under two hundred Pounds; and one tenth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to two hundred Pounds, or upwards 1 Which respective Rates shall be charged and assessed by Commissioners, to be chosen for that Purpose in the Manner herein after dire<9ed.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Person having a Child or Children born in Wedlock, and maintained principally by such Person at his or her Expence, whether such Child or Children be the Child or Children of him or her, or of his or her Wife or Husband by any former Marriage, shall be entitled to the respective Abatements following; that is to say. Any Person whole Income is sixty Pounds a Year or upwards, and under four hundred Pounds a Year, having such Child or Children, shall have an Abatr-ment after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum for each such Child: Any Person whole income is four hundred Pounds a Year or upwards, and under one thousand Pounds a Year, an Abatement after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum for each such Child, where any of the Children are or is of an Age exceeding six Years; and where all such Children are under the Age of six Years, then an Abatement after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum for each such Child: Any Person having an Income of one thousand Pounds a Year or upwards, and under five thousand Pounds a Year, an Abatement after the Race of three Pounds per Centum for each such Child, where any of such Children are or is of an Age exceeding six Years; and where all such Children are under that Age, then an Abatement alter the Kate of two Pounds per Centum for each such Child: And all Persons having an Income of five thousand Poundsa Year or upwards, an Abatement after the Rate of two Pounds per Centum for each such Child, where any of such Children are or isof an Age exceeding six Years; and where all such Children are under the Age of six Years, then an Abatement after the Rate of one Pound per Centum for each such Child: Which Abatements shall be allowed by the respective Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, and for oearing; and determining Appeals under this Act, upon Delivery of a Declaration Rating the Number of such Person’s Children, and on Proof made, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of the Truth of the Matters contained in such Declaration; and the said Commissioners shall cause the said Abatements to be deducted from the Amount of such Person’s Assessment as the Case shall require,

and

lauctea rrom the nmount 01 tuen rerion s suieiimentas the v-j per Cent, in like Maimer.

---

[See form in Cap. 12. Sched. A. 1. No. 5.]

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 13. 31

[This Act not to affect the Stock of Friendly Societies established under 33 Geo. 3. c. 54.]

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed

to extend to charge the Stock or Fund of any Friendly Society established under or by virtue of an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies.

---

[Nor Corpora-

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Corporation, Fraternity, or Society of Persons established for charitable Purposes only, shall be chargeable under this Act, in respect of the Income of such *" Corporation, Fraternity, or Society. charitable Pu^of« only.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Annual Officer presiding over any Corporation or Nor any annual

Royal Burgh shall be chargeable by virtue of this Act in respect of the Income derived from his Salary and p«<idingOffictr Emoluments in respea of iSch Office., for to

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Rector or Vicar shall be charged in respect of any Re€H»rs,&c.n>t Stipend paid to a Curate, such Rector or Vicar being usually resident, and ordinarily doing Duty in some c£a.^2!bte Parish of which he is Rector or Vicar, or having some other legal Excuse for not reading on such Rectory sjJ*, Rltcs or Vicarage.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall, on or after the passing of this Persons re(M-_ Act, actually be in Great Britain for tfome temporary Purpose only, and not with any View or Intent

of establishing his or her Residence therein, shall be chargeable with the Duties imposed by this Act as a Britain) not to Person actually residing in Great Britain, but shall be chargeable nevertheless with any Duties to which be charged un-such Person might, on or after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, be der thkAH, bat chargeable by virtue of the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, if this Act had voder 38 Geo. jiot been made; and the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, and all the Provisions * therein contained, shall be in full Force, with respect to such Person, as if this Act had not been made.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the Income of any Person, being in Great Britain If the income of < for such temporary Purpose only, or any Part thereof, shall be charged under the said recited Act, and also Person* bo under this Act, it shall be lawful for the respective Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, or for

hearing and determining Appeals under this Act. on Proof upon Oath of a double Charge, to make such Ded^&ion Deduction on Account thereof, as to the said respective Commissioners shall seem just and proper. may be made oh

Account of such double Charge.

X. And be it further enacted, That any Subject of his Majesty, whose ordinary Residence shall have* Person* ecca* been in Great Britain, and who shall have departed from Great Britain and gone into any Parts beyond £,on*My absent the Seas for the Purpose only of occasional Residence at the Time of the Execution of this Act, shall be BhSin/at the > deemed, notwithstanding such temporary Absence, a Person chargeable in respect of his or her Income, Time of the as a Person actually residing in Great Britain, and shall be afieffed and charged accordingly (in the Manner Execution of herein after directed) upon the whole Amount of his or her Income, whether the same shall arise from this Act, shall be Property in Great Britain or elsewhere, or from any Profession, Office, Pension, Stipend, Employment, tw*Aa^on the Tfade, or Voration, in Great Britain or elsewhere, whole of their income.

[&. §38,' J9. 7 j. 88.J

The acting Commissioners of the House Tax, &c. shall cause Lists to be made of the Commissioners of Land Tax, tec, in their County, &c. qualified as directed by this Act, [/rt$2 3.3 and ten others, io qualified in each Division, &c. if so many can be found; and shall appoint a Day for their first Meeting, for such Purpose, within seven Days alter being required by any Inspector, &c. and shall deliver such Lists, signed by them, to their Clerk, to transmit to the Tax Office; whfi shall cause

XI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Persons authorised or appointed to be Commissioners for executing and acting in the Execution of the Acts relative to the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, or other the Duties placed under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, shall from Time to Time cause Lists to be made of Rich Persons who are or shall be named or described in or by any Act or Acts, passed or to be passed in the present or any future Parliament, to act as Commissioners of Land Tax or Supply, or other the Duties aforesaid, within their County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, and who mail be qualified as by this Act is required, and ten other Persons at the least, also so qualified, for each Division of such County or Riding, and for each City, Borough, Town, or Place in England, for which Commissioners are or shall be separately named in such Act or Acts, or for each Shire, Stewartry, or Place in Scotland, if so many Persons can be found qualified as by this Act is required* or so many as can be found so qualified therein respectively; for which Purpose the said acting Commissioners, or any two of them* acting for any Division of any County or Riding, or any City, Borough, Town, or Place in England, or (or any Shire, Stewartry, or Place in Scotland, who shall receive Notice of this Act, shall appoint a Day and Time (or holding the first Meeting for the Purpose of making out such Lists as aforesaid, containing the Places of Residence respectively of the Persons named therein to act within their respective Divisions, Cities, Boroughs, Towns, or Places in England, and Shires, Stewartries, and Places in Scotland; which Meeting shall be holden within the Space of seven Days after, any two Commissioners of such Division, City, Borough, Town, or Place in England, Or Shire, Stewartry, or Place in Scotland, shall be required by any inspector or Surveyor to hold the same; and the said Commissioners present at any Meeting held for the Purposes aforesaid shall make out and deliver such Lists, signed by the Majority of the Commissioners present at such Meeting, to the Clerk of such Commissioners, who shall forthwith transmit the same to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; Who shall (in respect of Lists made in England) cause the same to be laid before such Persons who shall have served, or have been returned upon the Pannek of Jurors to serve, as Jurors upon the Grand Inquest of the County at large, or of the Cky, Borough, Town, or Place, being respectively a County of itself, at any Assize or Sessions of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, within the Space of four Years before the passing of this Act, or so many of them as shall be present at any Meeting to be holden n pmiuaace of the Summons of the Sheriff (or the same County, City, Borough,* Town, or Place (which

32 C. 13. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

them to be laid before Persons having, within four Years preceding, served (or been returned on the Pannel to serve) as Grand Jurors for each County, &c. in England; at a Meeting to be summoned by the Sheriff within ten Days after Receipt of such lists;

in which they shall be fde&ed and set down in Writing by the said Persons and Barons respectively, or the Majority of them there present, and they shall be Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act in the Order in which they shall be so appointed: Provided always, That the Number of Commissioners to be appointed to ad together in any one Division, or in any City, Borough, Town, or Place in England, or any one Shire, Stewartry, or Place in Scotland, shall not exceed the Number of five, or be less than two 5 and the Names of the Persons so to be appointed shall from Time to Time be returned to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes at their Office.

Summonses the said Sheriffs, or their Deputies respectively, shall cause to be issued, returnable within ten Days after the Transmission of such Lists to them respectively) > and in respect of Lists made in Scotland, the same shall be laid before the Barons of the Exchequer there; and the Persons present at such Meeting, and the said Barons respectively shall, out of such Lists, feled such Number of Persons, qualified as hereby is required, as shall be necessary for carrying into Execution the general Purposes of this Act, and for supplying from Time to Time any Vacancy that may arise as herein after mentioned; and shall appoint such Persons to be Commissioners for such Purposes, in and for the whole County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town, or Place, in the Order in which they shall be feledeJ to serve; and if in England, shall appoint who and what Number shall act for each Division of any County or Riding, and for each City, Borough, Town, or Place therein, for which Commissioners are or shall be separately named as aforesaid; and if the Persons present at the said Meeting, or the said Barcns reflectively, shall not find in any Lists fufRcient Numbers of Persons qualified to be Commissioners, they shall select such Number from the Lists of any adjoining or neighbouring Division or Divisions of the same County, Riding, or Place, or from the County at large adjoining to any City, Borough, or Town, being a County of itself, if in England,

such Lists j^and and if in Scotland, from the Lists of any adjoining or neighbouring Shire, Stewartry, or Place, as may be before the Ba- necessary; and such Persons shall be declared to be so appointed Commissioners as aforesaid in the Order

rons of the Exchequer in Scotland. Such Grand Jurors and Baron* shall feltft a competent Number,

duly qualified,

from such Lists,

to be Commissioners under this Act; and for supplying Vacancies, in the Order in which they shall he selected: If a Efficient Number canrot he found qualified, the Deficuncy may be supplied from the Lists of the adjoining Counties, &c. The Number oi Commissioners in ary one Dillrift not to exceed five, nor he ief* than two; and their Names to be returned to the Tax Office.

[&e r. 22. §10. as to jparate Comnijfior.crsfior each Ward, GV. in a Cityr; and t. 42. <§ as to appointing, by the Comm'ijpor.rrs of Taxes, on Deficiencies, Uc.]

Commissionere

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to robot restrained strain the said Commissioners, or any of them, from acting as Commissioners in any other Part of the ai^other Part County, Riding, or Place, for which they are appointed, of the County, &c.

Qualified Per-

XIII. And be it further enacted, That any Persons Qualified as by this Act is required, may, at any Time Tons may have after such Lists shall be returned, cause their Names to be inserted in such Lists* by giving Notice thereof to Inserted^irrthe the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes.

Lifts returned, by giving Notice to the Tax Office.

The Clerks of

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the several Clerks of Assize shall, as soon as conveniently may Assizeshall re- be after the passing of this Act, transmit to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, true and perfect: Gffi to<^,e, Ta3f Copies the several Pannels of Persons returned within the Period before mentioned, 10 serve as Jurors the GrancTjury as aforesaid, withirt the several and respective Counties, Ridings, Cities, Towns, and Places in England, Pannfts; [and who are empowered by this Act to feled and appoint Commissioners under this Act; and the proper Officers in Scotland shall, in like Manner, return to the said Barons Lists of Persons who shall have been summoned to serve as Jurors in Scotland, within the like Period: which Lists, together with the Lists of Persons qualified to act as Commissioners under this Act, the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall transmit to the said Sheriffs, with Directions to them to summoji, within the Time herein-before limited, the respective Persons who are empowered as aforesaid to feled and nominate Commissioners at such Places as such Sheriffs shall respectively name; which Summons shall respectively be by jmblick Advertisements,

in Scotland Lists of Juror* shall be returned to the Barons; fee c. 42. § JO.] these Lists, and those of the Persons qualified for Commission-trs, the Tax Office shall

transmit to the Sheriffs, who shall summon the Grand Jurors, &c. by publick Advertise.nent, with four Days Notice.'

signed by such Sheriffs or their Deputies, and inserted in some Newspapers usually circulated in the respective Counties, Ridings, Shires, Stewartries, and Places aforesaid, four Days at lead before the Day to be named for the Meeting of such Persons for the Purposes before mentioned.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That, within, the County of Lincoln, Lists of Persons qualified to act as Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act shall be returned by the respective Commissioners acting for the several Hundreds and Subdivisions within the several Divisions of Lindsey, Holland, and Kesteven, within the said County; and that separate Commissioners shall be chosen to ad within those respective Hundreds and Subdivisions, in like Manner as hereinbefore directed to be done, within the several Divisions of the other Counties herein mentioned.

In Lincolnshire’

Lifts shall be returned by Commissioners for the Hundred* and Sub-ciivilVons in Lindsey, &c.

and separate Commissioners be cfcofcn for such Hundreds,

The said Grand Jurors, &c. shall appoint thr\e Persons (qualified as directed in $ 23) to le Commissioners 0! Appeal in *%&County,

Sec.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Persons who shall have served, or have been returned to serve oil the Grand Inquest as aforesaid, in England, and the Barorvs of the Exchequer in Scotland, shall appoint three Persons, qualified as herein directed, to act as Commissioners of Appeal for each County at large. Riding, Shire, or Stewartry in Great Britain, And also three other Persons at the least, if so many can be found qualified, in like Manner to supply Vacancies as herein is mentioned; and the Names of such Persons shall be returned to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes at their Office, who shall give Notice of such Appointment to such Commissioners of Appeal, who shall forthwith appoint a Time and

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 13. 33

Place for their First Meeting, for the Purpose of hearing and determining Appeals to be made by virtue of this Act, which shall be ten Days at least before the first instalment of the Duty granted by virtue of this Act shall become payable; and such Meeting or Meetings shall be held from Time to Time, with or without Adjournment, so long as any such Appeal shall be depending; and the said Commissioners of Appeal shall also, ten Days at the least before any subsequent instalment of the Rates hereby granted shall become payable, in case any Appeals shall be then depending, hold a Meeting or Meetings at such Time or Times and Place as shall be appointed by them, for hearing and determining such Appeals; and that such Meetings shall from Time to Time be held, with or without Adjournment, so long as any such Appeal shall be depending; and the said Commissioners of Appeal shall cause publick Notice to be given of their said first and subsequent Meetings for the Purpose of hearing and determining Appeals in the Manner herein directed.

and three more to supply Vacancies, whole Names shall be returned to the Tax Office, who shall gift them Notice of their Appointment; on which such Commissioners shall appoint their first

Meeting for hearing Appeals at least ten Days before the first instalment becomes due; and subsequent Meetings, ten Days before every Instalment, if necessary, and give Notice thereof; such Meetings to be held from Time to Time till all Appeals are heard. c. 22. §13. as t§ Ttrk and

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That within and for the City of London, the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, in Common Council assembled, shall elect six Persons, qualified as herein is required, three of whom at the least shall be Aldermen, out of which Number so to be elected the Mayor and Aldermen shall choose three; and the Governors and Directors of the Bank of England {[yaW choose two other Persons; and the Directors of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, shall choose one other Person; the Sub-Governor, Deputy Governor1; and Directors of the South Sea Company, shall choose one other Person: and the Governors and Directors of the Royal Exchange Insurance Company, and the Governors and Directors of the London Insurance Company, shall each choose one other Person, qualified as by this Act is required; and the three Persons so chosen by the Mayor and Aldermen, together with the other Persons respectively chosen as aforesaid, shall be Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, within and for the said City of London; and the Names of the Persons so chosen shall be returned to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes.

also choose two other Persons; the East India Company, the South Sea Company, and the Royal Exchange and London Insurance one j to be Commissioners for London.

In London, the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, shall elect six qualified Persons; (three of whom shall be Aldermen;) from which Number the Mayor and Aldermen shall choose three; the Bank shall Companies, each

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That within and for the said City of London, the Commissioners for The three Com-

hearing and determining Appeals shall be chosen as follows: videlicet, the said Mayor and Aldermen of the missioners of said City shall choose one Person to be such Commissioner; the said Governors and Directors of the Bank of donfl^n* England, the said Directors of the United East India Company, and the said Governors and Directors of chosen, one by the South Sea Company, shall choose one other Person to be such Commissioner; and the said respective the Mayor and Governors and Directors of the several Insurance Companies before-mentioned, shall choose a third Person Aldermen; one to be such Commissioner; and the three Persons so chosen as last aforesaid, shall be Commissioners for d*ai* hearing and determining Appeals within and for the said City; and their Names shall be returned to the ^y^ndSou^h Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes. Sea Company J and one by the two Insurance Companies.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That within and for the County of Middlesex^ except For Middlesex

the District of the Tower Hamlets, called The Tower Division, the Sheriff* shall cause to be summoned such (except the Jurors only who shall have been returned from the Hundred of Offulfton, in the said County, on the Pannel con)The sheriff of the Grand Jury in the Court of our Lord the King, before the King himself at Westminster, within the null summon Period before-mentioned. such Grand Jurors only as are returned on the Pannel at Westminster Hall.

XX. And be it further enacted, That within and for the District of the Tower Hamlets, commonly called The Tower Division y in the County of Middlesex, it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of the Tower of London, or Deputy Lieutenant, or Major thereof, to summon the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said Division at the Time of parting this Act, and who shall continue so to act until they shall be so respectively summoned; and such Justices being so summoned shall select the several and respective Commissioners to act for such Division under this Act for any of the Purposes herein mentioned, in the same Manner and with the same Powers as the Grand Inquest of any County is hereby empowered to do, and also certain other Persons to supply Vacancies as they shall arise, in the Manner before-mentioned, and also so many other Persons as they mall think necessary, to be Assistants to the Commercial Commissioners to be appointed under this Act $ and the Names of the Persons so chosen shall be returned to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes.

For the Tower Division, the Lieutenant, &c. of the Tower shall summon the acting Justices, who shall select Commissioners and Assistants to the Commercial Commissioners for such Division.

[&* §98. no, &c.]

[When a Commissioner, or Commissioner of Appeal, shall die or decline to act, the Person next in Order in the Lists shall be appointed in his Room; and the Grand Jurors, &c. shall from Time to Time select and]

XXI. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any one or more of the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, or any of the Commissioners for hearing and determining Appeals under this Act, named or appointed to act for any County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place in Great Britain, or any Division, City, Borough, Town, or Place within the same, shall die, or decline to act in the Execution of the Powers and Trusts thereof, or having begun to act shall decline to act any further therein, then and in every such Case the Person or Persons next in Order onTuch Liffs shall be appointed the Commissioner or Commissioners, in the Place of the Commissioner or Commissioners so refusing or declining to act, or dying; and the Jurors who shall from Time to Time serve on the Grand Inquest at the Assizes or Sessions of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, and the several and respective Persons before-mentioned, in England, and the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland^ shall respectively, as often as Occasion shall require, select and add new Names to the Persons before selected, who shall respectively in their Order be a Commissioner or Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, or a Commissioner or Commissioners of

34 C. 13. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

add new Names to the Lists*

Commissioners and Commissioners of Appeals to take the following

Oath,

additional Oath,c.^%, $8.]

Appeals, as the Case may require, as and when any such Vacancy shall happen; and when any such Commissioner appointed to act for any City, Borough, Town, o* Place shall die, or refuse or decline to act as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Place of the Commissioner so dying, or refusing or declining toadl, shall be filled up in such Manner, and by the same Persons, as the said Commissioner was appointed.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Person to be appointed a Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act, and every Person appointed to hear and determine Appeals, before he shall begin to act therein (except in administering the Oath herein after expressed) shall take the following Oath; (that is to say,)

I A.B. do swear. That I will truly, faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the bed of my Skill and Knowledge, execute the several Powers and Authorities veiled in me by an Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here set forth the Title of this Afi^,; and tlut I will exercise the Powers entrusted to me by the said Act, in such Marnier only as shall appear to me necessary for the due Execution of the same; and that I will judge and dettr- mine upon all Matters and Things which shall be brought before me under the said Act, without Favour, Afteftion, or Malice; and that I will not disclose any Particular contained in any Schedule of Income, or any Evidence or Answer given by any Person who shall be examined or make Affidavit respecting the same, except in such Cases and to such Persons only where it shall be necessary to disclose the same for the Purposes of this Act, or in order to, or in the Course of, a Prosecution for Perjury committed in fucti Examination or Affidavit.

So help me GOD.*

Which Oath any one of the respective Commissioners appointed for the Purposes of this Act, or to hear and determine Appeals under the same, is hereby authorised to administer; and which Oath so taken shall be subscribed by the Party taking the same; and the Names of all Persons so subscribing shall, within one Month afterwards, be transmitted to the Office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and if any Person shall act as a Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act, or as a Commissioner for hearing and determining Appeals, before he shall have taken the Oath herein-mentioned, (except in administering the same,) he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered by the said first recited Act.

to be administered by any Commissioner, and subscribed by the Party swearing, and their Names returned to the Tax Office.

Penalty on acting as a Commissioner, without taking the Oath, tool.

Qualification of Commissioners for Counties at large, &c. lo, ooool. Personal Estate, or

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act, within or for any County at large. Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town, or Place in Great Britain, who shall not be possessed of a Personal Estate of the Value of ten thousand Pounds, or who shall not be seised or possessed of an Estate of the like Nature, and of thrice

the Value or more, as is or shall be required as the Qualification of a Commissioner to act in the Execution

thrice the Value of an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting of the Qualifies. an i0 jjs frjfefy by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year cm the: find seven hundred and ninety eight, in such County at large. Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town, or Place; or shall be the Heir Apparent of a Person (eifed or possessed of an Estate of the hke Nature, and of Thrice the Value, or more, of the Estate of which a Person ought to be (filed or possessed in order to qualify his Heir Apparent to be a Commissioner to act in the Execution of the Eid Act; nor shall any Person be capable of acting as a Commissioner for hearing and determining Appeals in pursuance of this Act, in any County, Riding, Shire, or Stewartry, who shall be a Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act; nor unless such Person shall in like Manner be possessed of a Personal Estate of the Value ot twenty thousand Pounds, or be seised or possessed of an Estate of the like Nature, and of tw ee the Value, or more, as is required by this Act, for a Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act as aforesaid, or shall be ilcir Apparent of some Person who shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of twice the Value, or more, of the Estate of which a Person ought to be leifed or possessed m order to qualify his Heir Apparent to be a Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act.

Commissioners of Appeals to be twice the Value of that required for Commissioners. x

Qualification of Commissioners m Cities (being Counties ) 300ol.

Personal Estate, or three fifths of the Qualification for a County at large; in the Inns of Court, &c.

3000l., or a Qualification for a Borough, &c.

In such Cities tfee Magistratqp,

tion required for a Commissioner of Land Tax.

[&e the succeeding Section; and further as to Qualifications, e. n. $3 *>9.]

No Commissioner shall be capable of being a Commissioner of Appeals.

Qualification of

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act, within or for any City, Borough, Town, or Place, being respectively a County of itself, who shall not be possessed of a Personal Estate of the Value of three thousand Pounds, or be seised or possessed of an Estate of the like Nature and of three fifths of the Value, as is required by this Act for a Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act, within a County at large; nor within any of the Inns of Court, Inns of Chancery, or Liberty of the Rolls, who shall not be possessed of a Personal Estate of the Value of three thousand Pounds, or be leifed or possessed of an Estate of the like Nature and Value as is required by this Act for a Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act for" any Borough, Town, or Place; and that within and for any such City, Town, or Place, being a County of itself, the Magistrates and Justices of the said City, "Town, or Place, shall be summoned, together with such Jurors as aforesaid, to act in the Selection and Nomination of the respective Commissioners to be appointed under this Act. lie. (W1 be summoned with the Grand Jurors.

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 13. 35

XXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to re- 0nhr

quire more than one third of any Qualification, confiding of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be ®ioJJ*nx^dca‘ situate within the respective County, Riding, Shire, or Stewartry, for which any Person shall be appointed need be to act as a Commissioner. within the County, fee.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any Person whose Estate shall consist of Lands, Land and Per-

Tenements, or Hereditaments, and also of Personal Estate, to any of the respective Values herein-before fonaity may be reauired, estimating in every such Case one hundred Pounds Personal Estate, and four Pounds per Annum valued together of Estate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as equivalent to each other, may act as a

^c^Per-

Commissioner for any of the Purposes of this Act, as if such required Value had wholly arisen from Lands, fonaltywbe* Tenements, or Hereditaments, or wholly from Personal Estate $ any Thing in this Act contained to the equivalent to 4l. contrary notwithstanding. per Annum from Land.

[&tr. 22. §12.]

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Commissioner for any of the Purposes of this Act Penalty on a before or after mentioned, or any other Person herein required to be seised or possessed of a Qualification to

ad in she Execution of this Act, shall act therein, or in any of the Powers therein contained and vested in being so quali-such Commissioner, or other Person as aforesaid, without being duly qualified as by this Act is required, fied 50l. every such Person shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds; to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered by virtue of the said first recited Act.

XXVIII. Provided also, and oe it further enacted, That in case there shall not be a sufficient Number of if there be not a-Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, for any City, Borough, Town, or Place, for which by this sufficientNum-Ad such Commissioners are particularly to be appointed, capable of acting according to the Qualification ber of Commis-required by this Act, then and in every such Case any of the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, ^ufly

appointed for the County at large within which such City, Borough, Town, or Place shall be situate, or J"ly| *c com-next adjoining thereto, may and they are hereby required to act as Commissioners for the Purposes of this missioners for Ad, for such City, Borough, Town or Place. the County at large may aft within such City, &c.

[&r c. 42. § a.]

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if there shall not have been a Grand Inquest impannelled within the Period before-mentioned, in any City, Town, or Place, being a County of itself, it m ill be lawful for the Sheriff of such City, Town, or Place, to summon the Persons named in the Commission of the Peace for such City, Town, or Place, at the1 Time of Passing this Act, and who shall continue so to act until they shall be so respectively summoned; and such Magistrates and Justices, being so summoned, shall feled the several and respective Commissioners to act for such City, Town, or Place, under this Act, for any of the Purposes herein-mentioned, in the same Manner and with the same Powers as the Grand Inquest of such City, Town, or Place, if impannelled within the Period before-mentioned, together with such Persons in the Commission of the Peace, might have done, and also certain other Persons to supply Vacancies, as the same shall arise, in the Manner before-mentioned, and also so many other Persons as they shall think necessary to be Assistants to the Commercial Commissioners to be appointed under this Act, if any shall be appointed for such City, Town, or Place; and the Names of the Persons so chosen shall be returned to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the Persons assembled for the Purpose of naming Commissioners of Appeals as aforesaid for any County or Riding in England, that by Reason of the Extent of such County or Riding, or the relative Situations of different Parts thereof, one Set of Commissioners of Appeal cannot conveniently perform the Duties required of such Commissioners by this Act, it shall be lawful for such Persons to name two or more Sets of Commissioners of Appeal to act for different Parts of such County, or Divisions of such County or Riding, describing, in an Order to be made by such Persons for such Purpose, for what Part of such County or Riding, each of such Sets of Commissioners of Appeal shall respectively ad; and in such Cases it Hull be lawful for any Person acting as a Commissioner of Appeal for one Part of such County or Riding, to ad 3s a Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act in any other Part of such County or Riding, in which he shall have no Jurisdiction as a Commissioner of Appeal. then a Commhnoner ot Appeal may be a Commissioner under tins Act in

If no Grand fury shall have been impannelled in any City, &c. within the Time mentioned in §11. the Sheriff may summon the acting Justices of the Peace for such City, fee. who shall then felc& the Commissioners for the same.

If it shall appear that one Set of Commissioners of Appeal cannot perform the Duty for the whole County or Riding, two or more Sets may be named to act for several Divisions; and another Division.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Commissioners Ad, and also for the Commissioners appointed for hearing and determining Appeals under this Act, and they are hereby respectively authorised and empowered, in any Matter before them concerning the Execution of peaUnay exa-this Act, to examine any Person or Persons willing to be examined in such 'Matter, and to administer an mine on Oath Oath or solemn Affirmation to such Person or Persons, according to the Directions of this Act, and also to any Person* rrceiveany Affidavit or Deposition in Writing upon Oath or Affirmation, which shall be made in such willing to be Manner as by the said first recited Act of the thirty-eighth Year be fore-mentioned is required with respect ^ayreedv^ so Affidavits or Depositions taken under the Authority of that Ad, and ailo any Affidavit or Deposition Affidavits and in Writing upon Oath or Affirmation, which shall be made in any Paits beyond the Seas, before any Depositions in Magistrate of the Country, Territory, or Place, where the Person making such Oath or Affirmation shall Writing, in any also reside, and which shall be certified and transmitted to the said respective Commissioners under the Hand Matter before and Seal of such Magistrate; provided that in every Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation, there be expressed |n~7iiexecu-the Addition of the Party making the same, and the particular Place of his or her Abode, and the same be tion of this Act. mettled an Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation, made in pursuance of this Act, Requires in such Affidavits, &c.

36 C. 13. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

[Persons giving false Evidence on such Examinations, &c. shall be liable to the Penalties of Perjury.]

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person upon any such Examination on Oath or Affirmation, or in any such Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, or shall wilfully and corruptly swear or affirm any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in being Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

[Indictments, &c. may be tried in the County where the Affidavit, &c. was exhibited.]

[Surveyors and Inspectors to take the following Oath.]

[See additional Oath, c. 42. §8.]

[Clerk to the respective Commissioners to take the following Oath.]

[See additional Oath, c. 42. §8.]

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That any Indictment or Information for Perjury committed in any such Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation, as aforesaid, whether the same shall be taken or made within Great Britain or without, shall and may be laid, tried, and determined, in the County where such Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation, shall be exhibited to the Commissioners, in pursuance of this Act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the several Surveyors and Inspectors, who are or shall be appointed to pur in Execution this present Act, shall, before they mall respectively enter upon their Office, take the following Oath; (that is to say,)

I A.B. do swear, That in the Execution of an Act, intituled, [here set forth the Title of this Act,] I will examine and revise all Statements delivered within my Distndt, and in surcharging the Schedules of Income, and objecting to Deductions made therefrom, I will act according to the best of my Information and Knowledge; and that I will conduct myself therein without Favour, Affection, or Malice; and that I will exercise the Powers entrusted to me by the said Act, in such Manner only as shall appear to me to be necessary for the due Execution of the same, or as I shall be directed by the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any three or more of them; and that I will not disclose any Particular contained in any Statement or Schedule of Income, or any Evidence or Answer given by any Person who shall be examined or make Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation, respecting the same in pursuance of the said Act, except in such cases, and to such Persons only, where it shall be necessary to disclose the same for the Purposes of the said Act, or in order to, or in the Course of, a Prosecution for Perjury committed ia such Examination or Affidavit*

---

'So help me GOD.’

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Person to be appointed a Clerk to the said respective Commissioners shall, before he shall enter upon his Office, take the following Oath; (that is to say,j

'I A.B. do swear, That I will not disclose any Particular contained in any Statement or Schedule of Income, or any Evidence or Answer given by any Person who shall be examined or make Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation, respecting the same, in pursuance of an Act, intituled, [here set forth the Title of this Act,] except in such cases, and to such Persons only, where it shall be necessary to disclose the same for the Purposes of the said Act, and as I shall be directed so to do by two at least of the Commissioners acting for the Division or Place for which I have been appointed, or in order to, or in the Course of, a Prosecution for Perjury committed in such Affidavit, Deposition. or Affirmation.'

'So help me GOD.'

[Powers, &c. of 38 Geo. 3. c. 16. and all other Acts relative to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Taxes, extended to this Act; except where expressly varied by this Act.]

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Commissioners who shall be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, and also the several Persons appointed, or to be appointed Inspectors, Surveyors, Assessors, or Collectors, to put in Execution the said Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, or the several Acts relative to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any of them, shall, and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to do all Things necessary for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the Rates and Duties hereby granted, in the like, and in as full and ample a Manner, as they or any of them are or is authorised to put in Execution the Acts above-mentioned, or any of them, or any Matters or Things therein contained; and the Rates and Duties hereby granted shall and may be ascertained, managed, collected, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and according to such Rules, Methods, Directions, and Provisions as the Rates and Assessments granted by the said Act passed in the thirty-eighth. Year before-mentioned, and other the Rates and Duties now under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any of them, are, oris, or may be ascertained, managed, collected, recovered, paid over, and accounted for (except as far as any of the said Rules, Methods, Directions, and Provisions are expressly varied by this Act); and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in the said Act, or any Act of the same Session of Parliament relating thereto, for the assessing, surcharging, mitigating, abating, vacating, hearing, determining, or adjudging the Assessments on the Amount of the Rates to be charged under the Authority of the said Act, or for advancing or paying the Rates and Duties charged thereby, either to the Bank of England, or to the Collectors appointed for that Purpose, or for accounting for the same, and also all the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Penalties, Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, (as far as the same several Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, are respectively applicable to the Rates and Duties granted by this Act, and not expressly varied or otherwise provided for hereby,) shall severally and respectively be in full Force, and duly observed practised, and put in Execution throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the several Purposes of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions,

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 13. 37

---

Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the Acts relative to the said present Duties shall, at their first Meeting to be held under this Act, as is herein-before directed, or any two of them present at such Meeting, direct their Precept or Precepts to the Assessors of the several Parishes and Places within their respective Divisions, requiring them to appear before the said Commissioners at such Time and Place as they shall appoint, not exceeding fourteen Days after such Precept, and shall, at such their Appearance, iffuq, to such Assessors the Instructions and Directions duly filled up and signed by two or more of them, and such Warrants under the Hands and Seals of two or more of them, 3s the Surveyors and Inspectors shall have had delivered to them for that Purpose, under the Direction of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes.

tice to House-holders and Persons occupying distin& Apartments, to deliver within fourteen Days Lists signed by them, containing the Name of every ledger. Inmate, &c. (except Servants and In-

Commissioners acting under the present Acts, shall, at their first Meeting, [/«§ 11 J summon the Assessors to appear within fourteen Days, and iliac the Instructions and Warrants delivered by the Surveyors and Inspectors unde* Directions of the Tax Office.

[&* §49.]

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Assessors of the Duties under the Management of the Assessors shall

Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, for the Year ending on the fifth Day of April one thousand seven yearly [feec. 21. hundred and ninety-nine, shall, within fourteen Days after the Date of the Precept so to be delivered to V5*]sj_veNo them as aforesaid, and the Persons to be appointed Assessors of any of the Duties under the like Management, after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall, within fourteen Days after the Date of the Precept which shall be issued to them by the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, in every Year, during the Term herein mentioned, give Notice to every Householder within the Limits of the Places for which such Assessors shall so act, or leave the same at his or her Dwelling House; and, where any Dwelling House shall be let in different Apartments, and occupied distinctly by different Families or Persons, who shall either be separately and distinctly charged to the Duties on Windows and Lights, or where the Landlord of such Dwelling House shall, by reason of the same being so let, be charged to the said Duties, also give or leave the like Notice to or for the Occupier of each such distinct Apartment, to prepare and deliver, within fourteen Days next ensuing the Day of serving such Notice, a List in Writing, containing, to the best of his or her Belief, the proper Name of each and every Lodger, Inmate, and other Person, (except yam3 and Servants and Infants not having any Income chargeable by virtue of this Act,) resident in such Dwelling House, refidTnt

or distinct Apartment, and also a List, containing the proper Name of every Person not resident in Great Britain, in such House and of every Infant, Idiot, Lunatick, and married Woman, who shall have or be entitled to any Income charge- or Apartment; able by virtue or this Act, which shall be in the actual Receipt of such Householder or Occupier, as Trustee, UeeCm 22m Agent, Receiver, Guardian, Tutor, Curator, or Committee, or in any other Character, either separately, or

jointly with any other Person or Persons, and if jointly with any other Person or Persons, then the proper Lists^f Persons Name of every such other Person or Persons; and also the Name or Names of every other Person or Persons refid ing Abroad, for whom any Householder or Occupier shall hold any Property as such Trustee, Guardian, Tutor, Infants, mar-Curator, or Committee, the Income whereof shall be in the actual Receipt of such other Person or Persons; and every such Householder or Occupier shall, after such Notice so given or left, make out such Lists, and sign the same with his or her proper Name, and shall also at the same Time make out and deliver a Statement in Writing, signed by him or her, of the Sum which he or she means to pay under this Act, as his or her Contribution, (according to one of the Forms marked (B) hereunto annexed, and as the Case may require,) as being not less than the just Rate or Proportion of his or her Annual Income, estimated according to the Provisions of this Act, with which he or (be ought to be charged by virtue thereof, and also a like Statement or Account in Writing, signed by him or her, of the Sum which he or she proposes should be contributed for and on Behalf of such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, for whom such Householder or Occupier is in the actual Receipt of any Income, as being not less than the just Rate and Proportion of the Annual Income of such other Person or Persons chargeable by virtue of this Act; which Lists and Statements, or such of them as the Case shall require, according to the Provisions of this Act, every such Householder or Occupier shall deliver or cause to be delivered to such Assessor or Assessors within the Space of fourteen Days after Service of such Notice; and if any such Householder or Occupier shall refuse or neglect to make out and sign such Lists or Statements, or either of them, as the Case may require, and deliver the same to the Assessor or Assessors within the Time before-mentioned, then such Assessor or Assessors shall return to the said Commissioners for executing this Act, the Names of any such Householders or Occupiers making such Default as aforesaid, and shall also make out a List, containing the Names of all such Lodgers, Inmates, and others, (except Servants and Infants not having any Income as aforesaid,) resident in the Dwelling House of any such Householder or Occupier making such Default as aforesaid, and also of all Persons for whom and on whose Behalf such Householder or Occupier ought to make out and deliver such List and Statement as aforesaid (if any such there be, within the Knowledge of such Assessor or Assessors).

of his Income under this Act; [see c. 22. Sched. B. No. 6, 7, 8, 9.] and also a l'»ke Statement of the Sum to be contributed by any Person whose Income such Householder, &c. shall be in the actual Receipt of: c. 7,2. Shed. B. No. 12, 13, 14. J Such Lists and Statements to be delivered to the

Assessors within fourteen Days: If the Householder, &c. neglect to deliver such Lists, &c. the Alftfters shall return his Name and the Names of all such as ought to be returned by him in the Knowledge of the said Assessors.

[&v oijo §67. impejing a Penalty of ac/.—c. 22. § i« enlarging the *lime f Return—and c. aa. §27, 28. as to Statement of Property accruing after April 5 in each Year.]

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Assessors shall, within seven Days after any such On receiving Lists of Lodgers, Inmates, and others, resident in any Dwelling House or distinct Apartment, shall be delivered to them as aforesaid, give or leave Notice in like Manner as aforesaid, to or for every Person so re- x.odg< rs,° &c. turned to them as such Lodger or inmate, or other Person resident as aforesaid, to make out and deliver, within Aiivftvr& ffiai)

15. fourteen

tied Women,

&c. entitled to Income in the Receipt of such Householder as Trustee, and the Names of hisCc-Trustees, if anyj and also of Persons receiving Income from Property of which any Householder is Trustte; [ fee e.zz. Scced. A:

1. No. a.; and fee a.'jo c. 7*.j which Lists such Householder,

&c. shall make out accordingly; and also a Statement of the Sum he means to contribute, as nor left than the just Proportion

38 C. 13. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

give them Notice to return Lists similar to those to be returned by Householderi \ and on Default shall return their Names to the Commissioners, and the Names of such Persons asousht to be returned I by them, in the Knowledge of the Assessors.

Act not to extend to Persons exempted by their Poverty from Poor Rates, &c.

Income of Married Women shall be Slated by their Husbands; but the Wife may be

fourteen Days after the Day of serving such Notice, the like List in Writing of the Persons not residing in Great Britain, and of Infants, Idiots, Lunaticks, and Married Women, who shall have or be entitled to any Income chargeable by virtue of this Act, which shall be in the Receipt of such Lodger or Inmate, or other Person respectively, or shall actually receive any Income derived from Property which such Lodger or Inmate shall hold as such Trustee, Guardian, Tutor, Curator, or Committee, and of the Names of such other Persons (if any) as shall be joined with him or heras Trustee, Agent, or Receiver, Guardian, Tutor, Curator, or Committee, or in any other Character, as is hereby required to be made out and delivered by House-holders; and every such Lodger, Inmate, or other Person aforesaid, shall make out such List, and deliver the same signed as aforesaid, and shall also make out and deliver such and the like Statements of the Sum he or she means to contribute on his or her own Account, and also proposes should be contributed for or on Beha f of any other Person or Persons as aforesaid, as are hereby required to be made out and delivered by Householders; which Lists or Statements, or such of them as the Case shall require, according to the Provisions of this Act as last mentioned, every such Person shall deliver to such AiTellbror Assessors, within the Space of fourteen Days after Service of such Notice; and if any such Person shall neglect or refuse to make out such Lists or Statements, or either of them, as the Case shall require, and deliver the same to the Assessor or Assessors within the Time before mentioned, then such Assessor or Assessors shall return to the Commi dinners the Names of all such Persons making such Default as last aforesaid, and shall also make out a List containing the Names of all Persons of and for whom such Person making such Default ought to make out and deliver such Lists and Statements as aforesaid (if any such there be within the Knowledge of such Afltflbr or Assessors).

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall he construed to require any Notice to be delivered to> or any List or Statement to be returned by, any Person residing in any Tenement whereof all the Inhabitants are, by Reason of their Poverty only, exempted from the actual Payment of the usual Rates and Taxes toward the Church and Poor.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Income of any Married Woman, living with her Hufoand, shall be dated and accounted for by her Husband at the Time of delivering his own Statement under this Act; provided that the Commissioners shall be at Liberty to summon the Wife, and examine her touching her separate Property, under such Rules and Regulations as any Party may by this Act be examined.

examined as to her separate Property.

If the Cejtu'i qut Trust is of full

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any other Person for whom such Person as aforesaid shall act as Trustee, Agent, or Receiver, shall be of full Age, and shall reside in Great Britain at the Time required for the Return of such List as aforesaid, it shall be sufficient for such Trustee, Agent, or Receiver, to return in such List the proper Name and Place of Residence of such other Person, without making any Statement of the Sum to be contributed or paid for such other Person, which Lists of other Persons so resident as aforesaid shall be forthwith delivered t? the Surveyor or Inspector where such List shall be delivered, for the Information of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes.

Age and resides in Great Britain, it shall be sufficient for the Trustee to return his Name and Residence, to be delivered to the Surveyor, &c.

No Tiuffeewho

has authorised his Cestui qut Trust to receive the income of Trust Property, nor any Banker, &c. of Person, entitled to Income, shall be deemed to be

XLIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Trustee who shall have authorised the Receipt of the Income of any Trust Property, by or on the Behalf of the Person entitled thereto, and who shall permit such Income to be received by the Person or Persons so authorised to receive the same, shall be deemed to be in the actual Receipt of such Income, but the Person or Persons who shall really and bona fide receive the same for his, her, or their Use or Benefit under such Authority, shall be deemed to be in the actual Receipt thereof within the Intent and Meaning of this a dt; and that no Person who, as Banker, Agent, or Receiver, shall receive any Income for the Use of any Person beneficially entitled thereto, and resident in Great Britain, shall be deemed to be in the actual Receipt of such Income within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.*

in the actual Receipt of such Income.

[&/ aifi c. 22. §29.]

Assessors shall also yearly affix on the Church Doors, general Notices to all Residents, to deliver their Lists and Statements, which shall he deemed good Notice to all such Re fief tnts, though the Nonce- required in 38. is not delivered to them.

Persons de-l*:'ng such No-

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the Assessors appointed for the present Year ending as aforesaid, shall, within fourteen Days after the Date of such first-mentioned Precept as aforesaid, and the Assessors to be appointed for any subsequent Year after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall, within fourteen Days afar the Date of such last mentioned Precept as aforesaid, in every Year during the Term herein mentioned, cause general Notices to be affixed on the Doors of the Church or Chapel, and Market House or Cross (if any) of the City, Town, Parish, or Place, for which such Assessors shall act, and if such Town or Place shall not have a Church or Chapel, or Market House or Cross, then on the Church or Chapel Door of the next adjoining Parish, requiring a»l Persons residing in the said City, Town, Parish, or Place, who are by this Act required so to do, to make out and deliver to the respective Assessors such Lists and Statements as are hereby required; and such general Notice shall, from the Time when the same shall be affixed as aforesaid, be deemed sufficient Notice to all Persons resident in such City, Town, Parish, or Place, and the affixing the same in Manner before directed shall be deemed good Service of such Notice, notwithstanding such Notices as are herein-before directed shall not actually have £een left at the House of any Householder, or at the Place of Residence of any Lodger or Inmate, or other Person resident within such Parish or Place; and the said respective Assessors shall cause the said Notices from Time to Time to be replaced (if necessary) for the Space of ten Days before the Time required for the Delivery of such Lists and Statements as aforesaid; and every Person wilfully tearing, defacing, or obliterating

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 13. 39

tices to forfeit not more than to).

any such Notice so affixed, during the said Space of ten Days, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, a Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recoverej under the said first recited Act or this Act.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Assessors shall, from Time to Time, within three Days after the respective Times Herein-before limited for the Delivery of the said Lists and Statements to them as aforesaid, (in case Commissioners shall be then appointed for the Purposes of this Act, or otherwise within three Days after such Appointment,) transmit to the Clerk of the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, in the Division or Place for which such Assessors shall act, all Returns then before made to the said Assessors, and also all Returns thereafter made to them within three Days after their Receipt of the same, to be laid before the said Commissioners at their first Meeting after their receiving the same; and shall also, as (bon as conveniently may be, transmit to the said Clerk Lists of the Names of all Persons who shall have neglected to make any such Returns as aforesaid, to be laid before the said Commissioners at their first Meeting after the Receipt of such Lists respectively.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That every Assessor shall personally appear before the said Commissioners at their said first Meeting, or such other Meetings as such Assessor shall be appointed to attend, and shall make Oath or solemn Affirmation before them that the several Notices required to be delivered to House-holders and Occupiers, and also to Lodgers and Inmates, by this Act, have been duly served in the Manner required thereby upon all Householders and Occupiers, and upon all Inmates and Lodgers, within the Limits of the Places for which such Assessor shall have been appointed, to the best of his Knowledge; and that general Notices to the Effect mentioned in the said Act have been duly affixed in the Manner required by this Act 6n such proper Places within the City, Town, or Place, for which such Assessor shall act, as by this Act is required; and that the Statements delivered by him to the Clerk to the said Commissioners are all the Statements which have been returned to him in pursuance of this Act; and that the Lift delivered by him contains the Name of every person within the said Limits having made Default, or whole Name ought to be returned according to the Directions of this Act, within the Knowledge of such Assessor; and every Assessor who shall neglect to appear before such Commissioners, and make such Oath or Affirmation, or who shall not return any Statement of Income made to him, or shall wilfully omit to return the Name or Names of any Person or Persons who shall not have returned any Statement or Lift, or whose Name ought to be included in any List, as by this Act is required, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered under the said first recited Act, or this Act. in any Particular, not exceeding io\.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Assessor shall, in the Execution of his Office under this Commissionen Act, have conducted himself to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, acting J^Tax Offic# for the Division or Place where such Assessor shall be appointed, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners the good Con- acting for such Division or Place, or the Major Part of them present at any Meeting to be holden for that dua ©fthe Af-Purpose, to grant such Assessor a Certificate of his good Conduct in such his Office, and such Commis- feflor, and what; sioners are thereupon required to report, in and by such Certificate, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of: ^cward lhey Taxes, their Opinion as to the Sum which, in their Judgment, will be a suitable Reward to such Assessor {JJj. ^Wchthe for his Pains and Lab ur in such Office, Regard being had, in estimating the Value of such Reward, to Tax Office may the Extent and Population of the District within which such Assessor shall have acted, and the Number of dirta the Re-Persons chargeable with the Rates and Duties granted by this Act, and his Diligence in the Execution of ceiver General this Act; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, upon such Certificate and t(>Pay*

Report, to grant such Reward to such Assessor as to them shall seem fit, not exceeding the Amount contained in such Certificate and Report, and to direct the Receiver General of the said Rates and Duties to pay the same to such Assessor out of the Monies in his Hand's arising from the said Rates and Duties.

XLVIII. Provided always, and belt further enacted, That no Reward shall be given to any Surveyor or Inspector employed in the Execution of this Act, for his Service under the same, unless the Commissioners for executing this Act, or the Commissioners for hearing and determining Appeals, shall grant him a like Certificate of his good Conduct in such his Office, nor to any greater Amount than the said Commissioners granting such Certificate shall represent him to be entitled to.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the respective Commissioners of I and Tax and

Assessors shall regularly transmit rotbe Com-m idiom rs’

Clerk the Returns made to them, and Lids of the Names of1 Persons neglect-irg to make such Returns.

Assessors shall appear before Commissioners at their first Meeting, and make Oath of the due Service of Notice on all Householders, tcC. and of affixing the general Notice; and to tht Truth of the Statements of Lists transmitted by them to the Commissioners’ Clerks.

Penalty on Neglect by Assessor,

Supply, and other the present Duties before-mentioned, shall omit to issue such Precepts to the respective Assessors in Manner before-mentioned, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding,

Reward to Sun veyers, &c. to be regulated by. Certificate of the Commissioners.

Jf Commissioners ne gleft to summon the Assessors [fee §37-] the Juf-

ticca Of the County, &c. may do so, and give them their Instructions,

Arc.

Shire, Stewartry, or Place, on Complaint of such Omission by any Surveyor or Inspector, to summon such Assessors before him, and upon their Appearance to iilue to them the like Instructions, Directions, and Warrants, as the said Commissioners are hereby authorised to issue; and if any Assessor of the said Duties shall neglect to appear before the said Commissioners or Justice, according to the Directions of this Act, or to take upon himself the Execution of this Act, according to the Directions thereof, every such Assessor shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceed+ng twenty Pounds, to be recovered as any Penalty may by the said first recited Act, or this Act, be recovered. Assessors refuting to appear before the Justices, to forfeit not exceeding 2cl.

[The Commissioners shall, from Time to Time, make alphabetical Abstracts in Books, of the]

L. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners acting in and for each Division shall, within seven Days after the Time fixed for the Delivery of such Lists or Statements, and so from lime to Time, cause an Abstract of so many of the same as shall have been iaid before them, containing the Names of all Persons included in such Returns as being chargeable by virtue of this Act, (arranged alphabetically,) with their respective Places of Residence, and the Sums proposed to be contributed, and also the Proportion which those Sums bear to the Income assessed, to be prepared and entered in a Book or Books to be provided and kept by

40 C. 13. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Names, with

them, to which Book and Books every Inspector and Surveyor acting in the Execution of this Act may have the Ctfntnbu free Access at all seasonable Times, and shall, upon Demand, be fumiftied by the Clerk to the said Cominif-

IkTamtained fi°ners with Copies thereof, or Extracts from the lame, or such Parts thereof as may be necessary for the due

in the Lists and Execution of this Act.

Statements delivered; to which Books the Inspectors shall have Access, and may be furnished with Copies, &c.

The Commissioners shall appoint Meetings to take such Statements into Consideration, and compute and ascertain the Assessments on (hell Statements as they shall be satisfied with; and make Assessments accordingly.

When the Commissioners have received no Statement, or no satisfactory one; or the Surveyor, &c. shall apply for the Revifton of any Statement, suggesting its Deficiency in Writing, they shall ifiuea Precept [infirm F. of the Schedule to this Act] to the Party chargeable who shall accordingly, within ten

Days, return a Schedule of the Particulars of his Income.

[&e c. 22. Sched. A.]

LI. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act shall appoint Meetings within their respective Divisions, which shall be held not sooner than fourteen Days nor later than twenty-one Days after such Statements shall have been laid before them as aforesaid, for the taking the same into Consideration; and in case the said Commissioners shall be satisfied that all or any of the said Statements have been made truly and without Fraud, and so as to enable the Commissioners to charge the several Persons chargeable as aforesaid within their respective Districts, or any of them, with the full Duties with which they ought to be charged under this Act, or more, and in case no Information shall be given to the said Commissioners of the Insufficiency thereof, as herein after is mentioned, the said Commissioners shall at such Meeting, or as soon after as conveniently may be, but not later than seven Days after such Meeting, compute and ascertain, or cause to be computed and ascertained, the Amount of the Rates and Duties to be imposed upon such of the respective Persons chargeable by this Act, within their respective Districts, whose Statements shall be deemed satisfactory by such Commissioners, and shall make an Assessment upon each of those Persons accordingly.

LII. And be it further enacted, That in every Instance in which the said Commissioners shall not have received any Statement of the Income of any Person chargeable by virtue of this Act, or shall not have received any such Statement, with which they shall be satisfied, or if any Surveyor or Inspector for the said Rates and Duties shall apply to the said Commissioners fora Revision of any such Statement, suggesting in Writing that he hath Reason to believe that the Sum which would be chargeable on any Person upon such Statement, is less than the just Rate and Proportion of the Income of such Person, whereat he or she ought to be charged ,by virtue of this Act, or that any Person omitted in the Abstract which shall be prepared by the said Commissioners, ought to be charged to the said Rates, the said Commissioners shall, unless they, or so many of them as are herein after mentioned, after having heard such Reasons as the Surveyor shall lay before them, fee Cause to disallow the Application of such Surveyor or Inspector, direct a Precept to such Person, in the Form marked (F)in the Schedule annexed to this Act; which Precept being delivered to or left at the last of usual Place of Abode of the Person chargeable as aforesaid, shall be binding upon such Person according to the Exigency of such Precept; and every such Person shall return or cause to be returned to the said Commissioners, within the Space of ten Days after the Date of such Precept, a Schedule of the Particulars of Property from which the Income chargeable under this Act ought to be estimated, with the Amount of Deductions to be made therefrom under such of the Heads contained in and according *0 the Form marked (D) in the Schedule annexed to this Act, as the Case shall require.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That unless all the Commissioners except one, where less than five shall be present, or all, except two Commissioners where five shall be present, shall adjudge that there is just Cause to disallow the Application of any Surveyor or Inspector to revise any Statement as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required in every such Case, to disallow the same; and thereupon to compute and ascertain, or cause to be computed and ascertained, the Amount of the Rates and Duties which by this Act ought to be imposed upon the Person giving in such Statement in respect thereof, and to make an Assessment upon such Person accordingly, subject to such Appeal from the Determination of the said Commissioners, by such Surveyor or Inspector, as herein after is mentioned.

make the Assessment on the Party’s own Statement as given in (subject to Appeal under §71.)

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall have delivered any List, Statement, or Schedule, in pursuance of this Act, shall discover any Error therein, it shall be lawful for such Person to deliver a new or additional Lift, Statement, or Schedule, to the said Commissioners, in order to rectify such Error, and if such new or additional Lift, Statement, or Schedule, shall be so delivered before any Proceeding shall be had to recover any Penalty for not delivering the same, no Proceeding shall afterwards be had for recovering any such Penalty; and if any Proceeding shall have been actually had for recovering any such Penalty, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon Proof being made to their Satisfaction, that no Fraud or Evasion of this Act was intended, to certify the same under the Hands of any two or more of them, and upon such Certificate, on Application in a summary Way to the Court where the same shall be commenced, all Proceedings for recovering such Penalty shall be stayed, either ori Payment of the Costs of the Proceedings then had, if any, or without Payment of such Costs, as the said Court shall think fit and adjudge.

One Commissioner of less th:m five present, or two out of five, may disallow [fee] c. 22. % 32.] the Application,

Sec. of any Surveyor, Sec, and the Commissioners shall then

Persons may correct Errors sn their Lists or Statements by delivering a new Lift, Sec, when no Proceeding shall be had (or any Penalty incurred:

Or if any such Proc'-ecing be commenced, it may (on Certificate of two Commissioners that no Fiaud was intended) be stayed by the Court on a summary Application.

A Trustee shall not be liable to any Penalty for an impel left Statement, if the Commis-

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Trustee, Agent, or other Person hereby required to deliver any Statement or Schedule of any Income, of which such Trustee, Agent, or other Person shall be in the actual Receipt on Behalf of any other Person or Persons, shall deliver any Statement or Schedule which shall be imperfect, declaring himself, herself, or themselves to be unable to give a more perfect Statement or Schedule, with the Reasons for such Inability, such Person shall not be liable to any

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 13. 41

Penalty for not having delivered a Statement or Schedule, according to the Directions of this Act, in case the said Commissioners shall be satisfied that such Person was, at the Time of the Delivery of such Statement or Schedule, unable to deliver a more perfect Statement or Schedule, and in case such Person shall, upon the Requisition of the said Commissioners, deliver as perfect a Statement or Schedule as such Person shall from Time to Time be enabled to give.

perfect a Statement as he is*ble, from Time to Time, when required by the Commissioners;

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever the Time allowed by this Act for delivering any Statement or Schedule may not be sufficient for that Purpose, by reason of the Difficulty of ascertaining the Particulars or Amount of any Income or otherwise, it shall be lawful for the respective Commissioners, on Application to them for that Purpose, to enlarge the Time for delivering the same; and that no Person shall be liable to any Penalty for not having delivered such Statement or Schedule, for Delivery whereof such further Time shall be obtained, if the said Commissioners shall think fit so to order, and in such Case all Proceedings for Recovery of any such Penalty shall be staid, on a summary Application for^ that Purpose to the Court where such Proceeding shall be commenced: Provided always, That the said Commissioners shall not enlarge the Time for delivering such Statement: beyond forty Days, or the Time for delivering such Schedule beyond thirty Days, before the Time when the first Instalment of the Duty chargeable in respect of the Income to which such Statement or Schedule shall relate would be payable if the same were duly charged with such Duty upon a Statement or Schedule delivered within the Time limited by this Act.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause Assessments to be made and computed upon the Amount of Income contained in every such Schedule respectively with which they shall not be dillatisfied, as soon after the Expiration of fourteen Days after such Schedule shall be return *d as they conveniently cart, after calling upon the Party to verify the same, upon Oath or Affirmation, if the said Commissioners shall think the same necessary, in which Case such Oath or Affirmation shall be final and conclusive; but if the said Commissioners shall in any Instance have received no such Schedule in pursuance of their Precept, or if they shall not be satisfied therewith, and the Party shall noton the Requisition of the Commissioners have verified such Schedule in Manner aforesaid, or if the Inspector or Surveyor shall have made any Surcharge upon any such Schedule, or objected to any Deductions made thereupon, for the Purpose of discharging the lame, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, unless they, or so many of them as are herein-before mentioned, after having heard such Reasons as the Surveyor (hill lay before them, fee Cause to disallow such Surcharge or Discharge, in every such Case, to summon the Party mentioned in any such Schedule, or in any such Notice or Certificate of Surcharge or Discharge, before them to be examined, and also any other Person or Persons whom they shall think able to give Information respecting the Income of such Person, at a Day and Place to be fixed by the said Commissioners of which three Days Notice at the least shall be given to the Person or Persons to be summoned; and upon the Appearance of such Party so to be charged before the said Commissioners, or any two or more Commissioners acting for the said Division or Place, or upon the Appearance of any Person or Persons summoned to give Evidence, to receive and take Information, according to the Powers vested in them by this Act, from the Party or other Persons so summoned, and attending to give Evidence touching the Particulars mentioned in any such Schedule, or touching any other Particulars omitted to be mentioned, or of which no Schedule shall have been delivered, and which ought to have been mentioned in such Schedule, or on ftirfi other Points as they shall think necessary to ascertain the Rate and Proportion with which such Person ought to be charged 5 provided that such Party shall be at Liberty, at any Time before he or she shall be called upon to verify his or her Schedule on Oath or solemn Affirmation, as herein after is mentioned, to amend such Schedule in all such Particulars wherein he or she shall see Occasion; and if the said Commissioners shall not be dissatisfied with such amended Schedule, then an Assessment shall be made and the Rates and Duties computed thereupon in the Manner before directed.

at ion, and shall examine them on ail Points necessary to ascertain the Charge to be made; hut the Party shall be r.t Liberty to amend his Schedule, before being required to verify it on Oath [fee §5^], and if the Commissioners are satisfied witu such amended Schedule, they may assess the Party accordingly.

[sioners Jue satisfied tint he unable to deliver one more perfect; and if he deliver as [rjfccc. 71.]

Commissioners may enlarge the Time for <it h-vering in State-mentuand Schedules, to any Time not beyond 40 and 30 Days before the first Inilainient of the Duty: Proceedings previously had for Penalties may be staid in a summary Way.

Assessments shall be made (after fourteen Days) by the Commissioners on such Schedules, which shall be verified on Oath if required j but if no Schedule be returned, or an unsatisfactory one, and refused to be verified on Oath, or if the Inspector, &c. has made any Surcharge, &c. on the lame, not disallowed by the Commissioners; they shall summon the Party chargeable to attend, and be examined (on three Days Notice), and also any other Persons, to give them In form -

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall appear before the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, in pursuance of such Summons as aforesaid, for the Purpose of giving any Testimony or Evidence touching or concerning any Rate or Assessment made or any Statement or Schedule delivered in pursuance of this Act, or touching any Doubt, Question, -or Difficulty which shall arise relating thereto, (other than the Party to be charged and mentioned in such Schedule, or the Clerk, Agent, or Servant of, or other Person confidentially entrusted or employed in the Affairs of the said Party,) shall, before he, she, or they shall proceed to such Testimony or Evidence, take an Oath, or being one of the People called ^Hikers, a solemn Affirmation, (which Oath or Affirmation any one or more of the said Commissioners is and are hereby authorised and required to administer,) that the Testimony or Evidence to be given by him, her, or them, shall contain the whole Truth, and nothing but the Truth, in respect of the Matter or Question concerning which such Testimony or Evidence is to be given.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That where the Party mentioned in such Schedule, or the Clerk, Agent, or Servant of the Party or other Person confidentially entrusted or employed as aforesaid, shall appear before the said Commissioners for the Purpose of giving such Testimony or Evidence, then and in every such Case the Substance of the Testimony or Evidence given by any such last mentioned Person or Persons shall be, and the said Commissioners are hereby required 10 cause the same to be reduced into Writing, and 39CSE0.UI. G to

All the Parties so summoned (except the Party chargeable, or lus confidential, Agent) shall give their Evidence on Oulk.

Where the Party chargeable, or his Agent, attends, the Substance of their Evidence shall

42 C. 13. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

be reduced into Writing, and read to them, and they shall then swear to the Truth thereof} hut they shall be tirft permitted to amend any Part of it; anrish.il not be compelled to answer any Question, hut may decLr.e 'peremptorily so to do.

to be read to the Person or Persons having given such Testimony or Evidence, before he, she, or they shall be called upon to verify the same according to the Directions of this Act; provided that in case he, she, or they shall, after such Testimony or Evidence shall be reduced into Writing, and read over to him, her, or them, be satisfied \yith the Substance of the Matter so reduced into Writing, he, she, or they shall swear or solemnly affirm to the Truth of the Substance thereof, (which Oath or Affirmation the said Commissioners, or any one or more of them, is and are hereby authorised to administer): Provided always, That any Person who shall appear to give any such Testimony or Evidence as last mentioned, shall be permitted to alter or amend any Part of his or her Testimony or Evidence, if he or she shall think proper, before he or she shall be called upon to verify the same: Provided also, That no such last mentioned Person shall be compelled to answer any Question which may be put to him or her by the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, before the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act; but that every such last mention 'd Person may decline peremptorily to answer any Question whenever he or she shall think, proper, without shewing or alledging any Excuse for his or her so doing.

LX. And be it further enacted, That it dial be lawful for the several Surveyors and Inspectors of the present Duties placed under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for any other Persons who shall be appointed to act as Surveyors and Inspectors in the Execution of this Act, who shall reflectively have taken the Oath before stated, so;.s to bind him or them not to disclose Particulars or Evidence as aforesaid, to irftpestand examine all Lists of Householders, Lodgers, and others, which shall be returned ia pursuance of this Act, and to supply any Omissions which such Surveyor or Inspector may discover therein;’ and also to inspect and examine the several Statements which shall have been delivered in pursuance of this Act; and to take such Copies oft and Extracts from, the same, as they shall think requisite; and further, that it shall be lawful for such Surveyors and Inspectors to inspect and examine any Schedule of Income returned to the said Commissioners, before such Time as the Parties respectively, or Witness-s, shall have been examined before the said Commissioners touching the Truth thereof, and to fur charge the same according to the best of their Knowledge or Information, and ttvobjeft to any Deductions, or 2ny Part thereof, for the Purpose of discharging the same, which, in the Judgment of the said Surveyors or Inspectors, ought not to be contained in such Schedule; which Surcharges and Discharges respectively, the said Commissioners shall take into their Consideration at the Time of such Examination of the Parties or Witnesses; provided that Notice in Writing shall have been given by such Surveyors or Inspectors to the Party to be charged, containing the particular Article or Articles mentioned in such Schedule, to which such Surveyor or Inspector shall object; and also it shall be lawful for the said Surveyors and Inspectors to inspect and examine any Rate or Assessment which shall be made under the Authority of this Act, and in case he or they shall find, at any Time before the said Commissioners shall have signed and allowed any Assessments* any Error in the same, or any of them, which in the Judgment of the said Surveyors and Inspectors ftndl require Amendment, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, upon sufficient Cause being shewn to them, to amend the same accordingly; and in case any Error shall be discovered in any Assessment after the same shall be allowed, it shall be lawful for the said Surveyors or Inspectors, and he or they is or are hereby required to certify the same to the said respective Commissioners, who shall have Power to cause the same to be amended, if in their Judgment they deem any Amendment requisite: Provided always, That Notice shall be given to the Party of any Amendment made in such Assessment by reason of such Surcharges or Discharges, in order that he may appeal from the same; and the respective Commissioners for hearing and determining Appeals shall also have Notice thereof, who are hereby respectively required, upon such Notice, to appoint, from "Lime to Time, in Manner herein-before directed, Days for hearing all Appeals made for any of the causes last mentioned, in such Manner and at such Times, within the Periods before limited, as shall be convenient: Provided also, That no Appeal from any Assessment to be made by virtue of this Act, shall retard the Execution of this Act so far as relates to the levying the Rates and Duties contained in such Affiffment, but that it shall be lawful for the respective Officers employed in the Cohesion of the respective Rates or Duties hereby imposed, to cause the same to be levied in the mean Time, and until such Appeals shall be determined, as if no such Appeals had been made: Provided always, That after the Determination of such Appeals, the said respective Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, shall cause the AfiefTmecnts so appealed against to be amended according to such Determination, and the subsequent Payments to be adjusted thereby, so that the full Sums settled by the said Commissioners for hearing and determining Appeals, and no more, shall be paid within the Year, by cite Commissioners, in order to thwrir being amended, and after Allowance the Assessments may also be amended on Certificate from the Surveyors, &c. to the Commissioners: Notice of Amendment of Assessments shall be given to the Party afftlUd, and to the Commissioners of Appeals, who Hull appoint Times for hearing Appeals thereon; but no Appeal shall retard the Collecton of the Rate; which shall be re-amended where nevtiFaiy by the Commissioners, after such Apptals are determined, so that the proper Rate shall be paid within the Year.

[Where the Payments made exceed the Assessment for one Year, on a Certificate from the Commissioners of Appeals, the Receiver General shall repay the Overplus to the Party.]

LXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if upon the Determination of any such Appeals, it shall appear to the said Commissioners that the Payments already made upon any such Afiftlment, or any Part thereof, should be repaid, as being more than the full Sum which the Party all idled ought to pay within the Year, or that the Party ought not to have been charged therewith under this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to rectify the Assessments as the Cases shall respectively require, and thereupon to grant Certificates thereof, dating therein respectively the Amount of the Sums to be repaid; and upon the Production of any such Certificate to the Receiver General of the County, Riding, or Place, where the same shall have been granted, or to his Deputy, if in England, or to the Receiver General of Scotland, the said Receiver General respectively shall cause the Amount contained in such Certificate to be paid out of any Monies in his Hands of the Rates and Duties hereby granted.

Surveyor*, &c. bating tai'tn the Oath ;:i ^4. may examine Lids of Koufcholdci*:', &c. returned under the Ail, i»nd amend the same; and may also ipfped and take Copiis of the Statements returned; and may also examine ar.U fur-charge Schedules of income returned to the Commissioners before the Parties chargeable are examined thereon; and may object to any improper Deductions therein; which Surcharges, &c. shall be considered by the Commissioners, cn Examination of the Parties; but Notice mud be given by the Surveyor, to the Party charged, of the particular Objections to the Schedule: Surveyors, &c. may also inspect the Assessments previous to their being allowed

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 13. 43

LXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said respective Surveyors and Inspectors, being sworn as aforesaid, to examine and inspect any Parochial Rates or Assessments, fa far as relates to the Amount or Rate at which any Person may be affessed therein; and also any List, or Pannel of Jurors, or Persons fit to serve on Juries, in the Custody of any publick Officer or Officers; and also for any Inspector or Surveyor, having Authority for that Purpose under the Hands of three or more of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to require from the proper Officer having in his Custody any Accounts of a publick Nature belonging to or kept by any Corporation or Company, a Copy of such Part or Parts thereof as may relate to the Income of any Person or Persons, or any Member or Members of such Corporation or Company, who shall have received any Dividends or Interest from the Funds or Stock of such Corporation or Company, or shall be entitled to the same.

Such Surveyors, may examine Parish Rates, and Riflapf Juior&; and, i-y Authority from three Commissioners of the Tax Office, may require from the proper Officer

of Corporations, Copies of Accounts relative to the Income of Members receiving Dividends from their Stock.

After Examination of any Party chargeable, or in case of his Non-appearance or Refusal to be examined, the Commissioners shall ascertain his Rates, and make an Assessment on him; and fend Copies of the same to

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That after such Examination taken before the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act as aforesaid, or in case any Person appearing before the said Commissioners shall decline to answer any Question put to him or her by the said Commissioners, or being summoned shall not appear before the said Commissioners to be examined, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, according to the best of their Judgment, to settle and ascertain in what Sums such Person ought to be charged, and to make an Assessment accordingly; and that when and as soon as the said Commissioners shall have signed and allowed any All currents to be made by virtue of this Act, they shall cause Copies of such Assessments, signed by two or more of the said Commissioners, to be made out and transmitted to the respective Collectors, appointed or to be appointed as aforesaid, in each Parish or Place within the Divisions of the said respective Commissioners, and also another Copy thereof to the Commissioners for hearing and determining Appeals for the County or Place where such Assessment shall be made; and the said respective Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, shall issue out their Warrants to the Collectors as herein- or m jamc w after is required, according as the same shall become payable, at the Expiration of seven Days after signing the CoHe^)« and allowing the said Assessments^ and the Collectors, to whom a Copy of such Assessment shall be delivered, and to the shall forthwith cause Notice in Writing of the Amount of each Person’s Assessment to be given to the Person Commissioners or Persons respectively charged, or left at his or her last or usual Place of Residence in the Parish or Place for °J > aac* which such Assessment shall ha

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Assessment to be made by virtue of this Act, or if in any Case where a Schedule shall have been delivered, and a subsequent Examination shall have taken place as herein-before directed, (except where the Party or Parties to be charged shall have verified his, her, or their Schedule, or shall have answered on Oath or Affirmation all such Questions as shall have been demanded of him, her, or them, by the said respective Commissioners,) any Surveyor or Inspector shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, it shall be lawful for such Surveyor or Inspector, within forty Days after such Assessment shall be made, and for such Party or Parties respectively, within fourteen Days after Notice of any Assessment made upon him. her, or them, by virtue of this Act, shall have been given or left as aforesaid, but not afterwards, unless special Cause be shewn to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Appeals as herein is mentioned, to appeal to the Commissioners appointed to hear and determine Appeals for the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place where the Matter of such Appeal shall arise, giving ten Days Notice thereof at the least to the said Commissioners; and the said last mentioned Commissioners may, on any such Appeal being entered, summon any Person or Persons, either on the Part of the Party or Parties assessed, or any other Person or Persons whom the said Commissioners shall judge able to give them Information respecting the Particulars mentioned in such Schedule, or on such other Points as they shall think necessary for ascertaining the due Proportions which such Party or Parties assessed ought to pay by virtue of this Act; and the said last mentioned Commissioners are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine all such Appeals duly made within the Time before limited, and to make such Amendment in the Assessment of the Party appealing or appealed against, either by increasing or diminishing the Sum assessed, as to the said Commissioners shall, under all Circumstances proved to then), appear just and equitable: Provided always, That where the Party addled appeals from such Assessment, or in case of an Appeal by the Surveyor or Inspector where the Party appealed against shall not have delivered a Schedule to the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, such Party shall, ten Days at least previous to the hearing of such Appeal, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the said last mentioned Commissioners or their Clerk, having taken the Oath herein-before prescribed, a Schedule of Particulars, in Writing, of his, her, or their Income, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (D); and the said Commissioners shall not be at Liberty to relieve from the said Assessment, or to make any Abatement therein, unless the Party or Parties assessed shall, at the Time of hearing such Appeal, verify the Schedule of Particulars delivered by him, her, or them, either on. Oath or Affirmation taken before the said Commissioners, or on Affidavit made and taken according to the Directions of this Act, nor unless the Party or Parties assessed, or such Agent, Clerk, or Servant of such Party or Parties assessed, as the said Commissioners shall require to be examined, or some credible Witness or Witnesses on the Behalf of such Party or Parties assessed, shall, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, answer all such Questions, and produce such Conveyances, Instruments, Writings, and Documents, relative to the Income

44 C. 13. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

(or the Surveyor, &c. where no Schedule is delivered,) he must

of such Party or Parties assessed, as the Commissioners shall judge necessary to enable them to ascertain the where no"Scl»e- true ^um ‘n Part Y or Parties assessed ought to be charged.

«tule is delivered,) hem-ift, ten Days at least before the Hearing, deliver to the Commissioners of Appeal, or their sworn Clerk, a Schedule of hi* Income; f free. zz- Sr bed* A.] hut no Relief shall be afforded him, unless he verify the Schedule on Oath, nor unless he, or his Agent, shall answer all Questions asked, and produce all Writings, &c. demanded by the Commissioners.

Though a

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in any Case where the Party assessed shall have

his Schedule u»c verl^ Particulars contained in his or her Schedule of Income upon Oath, and where the Surveyor or Surveyo^may,10 Inspector shall nevertheless apprehend the Determination made by the said Commissioners to be contrary to the on declaring true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or that they have disallowed any Surcharge, or allowed any Deduction himself ditTatif- contrary to the same, and shall then declare himself dissatisfied with such Determination, it shall and may be tied with the* t lawful for such Surveyor or Inspector to require the said Commissioners to state specially and flgn the Case upon Determination' which Question arose, together with their Determination thereupon; which Case the said Commissioners, demand a^Cafo* or major Part of them then present, are hereby required to state and sign accordingly, and to cause the from them, to same to be by him transmitted to the Commissioners of Appeal, who are hereby required, with all conve-

be rent to the nient Speed, to return an Answer to the Case so transmitted, with their Opinion thereupon subscribed thereto,

Commissioners according to which Opinion so certified, the Assessment, which shall have been the Cause of such Appeal,

cording ?o "* shall be altcred or confirmed, whose Opinion the Assessment shall be settled.

In Appeals on

LXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if^Appeal shall be made by virtue of this Act Behalf of Per- on the Behalf of any Person or Persons who shall be absent out of the Realm, or be prevented by Sickness

prevented from1, or ot^ler sufficient Cause from attending in Person the hearing of such Appeal, it shall be lawful for the

attending by Commissioners for hearing and determining such Appeal to postpone from Time to Time the hearing

Sickness, &c. of such Appeal, or to admit other Proof of the Schedule than the Oath or Affirmation of such Party,

the Comm if- if the said Commissioners shall be satished of the Truth of the Reason alledged for such Delay or Admil-

fioner smay (Jon Qf other Proof; and further, that it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners to dire# the

Hearing* or ad- levying of the Sum so assessed to be stayed until the Determination of the Appeal postponed for any Cause mit other Proof before mentioned.

of the Schedule than the Party’s Oath; and may stop the levying of the Sum afoflfed.

Persons refusing or neglecting to make out and deliver Lists and Statements required, to forfeit not exceeding zoi.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person required in pursuance of this Act to make out and deliver any List, Statement, or Schedule herein described, shall neglect or refuse to make out and iign such List, Statement, and Schedule, or either of them, as the Case may require, and deliver or cause the lame to be delivered to the Assessor or Assessors within the Time herein mentioned, he or (hefo refusing or offending shall, for every such Default or Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered under the said Act, or this Act.

Commissioners under this ACb flj-ill be assess-d

by the Commissionas of Appeal; [or by: ru'i- u lal Commissioners, c. 4Z. 6 J and the Statements delivered by Commissionerj shall 1 *c transmitted to the Commissioners of Apptil, who ft ill act in all ft;ch K. fj ee t. as Commissioner* r j

t'o m oiiivi^; i\ttifteate s of

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for hearing and determining Appeals, in any County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, shall assess all and every the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, within the same County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place; or within any City, Town, or Place being a County of itself, situate within such County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place; and whenever any List or Statement shall be delivered in pursuance of this Act by any such Commissioner for the Purposes thereof, or on his Behalf, or on his Default, such List or Statement shall be forthwith transmitted to the Commissioners for hearing and determining Appeals for such County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, Or Place, who shall have Authority, and are hereby required to assess and determine the Sum which such Commissioner ought to contribute in pursuance of this Act; and such Commissioners for hearing and determining Appeals shall and may act in all Respects therein in the same Manner, and have and ule the same Powers and Authorities in all Respcds therein, as the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act can or may ad, and have and u'e, in Cases of other Persons having any Income, chargeable by virtue of this Act: Provided always, That the Aid Commissioners for heating and determining Appeals shall transmit, or cause to be transmitted,a Certificate of the Assessment so to be made to the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, in order that the Amount thereof may be certified in the Duplicates of Assessments to be made out and returned in pursuance of this Act, and.collected and levied accordingly.

fuJi AlJuIinents shall be transmitted to the Commissioners, to be certified and returned, and the Assessment levied and collected, as in other Cates.

If Commissioners or Commissioners of A jj-pr.il think

It.: iTlldvtS as;.

jm. c.mI by t;.c A;r.if.n' nt 1114 J.c l n them by eich other kipcdiV' ly, tlu y may r.pjv-.'il a^amit t:.c Umc

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act shall think him-self aggrieved by any Rate or Assessment to be made by the said Commissioners for hearing and determining Appeals by virtue of this Act, or if any Commissioner ior hearing and determining Appeals shall think him-Tels aggrieved by the Rate or A 111 (line nt to be made by the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, it Iluil and may be lawful for such respective Commissioner, within fourteen Days after Notice of any (nob Assessment made upon him by virtue of this Act, to appeal to tr.e Commissioners for hearing and clcter-ing Appeals to be appointed in and for some County, Riding, Shire, or Stewartry immediately adjoining the County, Riding, Shire, or Stewartry, where such Cau'e of Appeal shall arise, at the Kledion of the Party prrferring such Appeal; and it shall be lawful for the said last mentioned Commissioners of Appeal to hear and dctei mine the Matter so refened to them, in the same Manner, in all Respects, as if the Cause of Appeal

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 13. 45

had arisen in the County, Riding, Shire, or Stewartry, for which they shall be so appointed Commissioners of to Commission-Appeal as aforesaid., ers of Appeal forfome adjoining County, Sec,

LXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Differences or Disputes shall arise Commissioners between the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, or between the Commissioners forbearing shall not voteon and determining Appeals, respecting the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act» in respect difpmed of Income arising from any Property wherein any of the said respective Commissioners shall or may be of income^n* concerned or interested, or shall be Trustee, Agent, Receiver, Guardian, Committee, or Curator, to any which they are Person so concerned or interested, the Commissioner who shall be so concerned or interested in such Rate or interested, Assessment, or shall be such Trustee, Agent, Receiver, Guardian, Committee, or Curator, shall have no either diretfly, Voice, but shall withdraw until it shall be determined by the Rest of the Commissioners, and if there shall or not be two Commissioners not interested as aforesaid, then the Matter in Dispute shall be determined by nottwodifm- % Commissioners acting in any adjoining Division, or, where the Calc shall require the same, in any adjoining termed Com-County, Riding, Shire, or Stewartry. missioners, the Question may be determined by Commissioners of an adjoining Division, Sec,

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners shall disallow the Application of any If commission-S'urveyor or Inspector to proceed upon any Surcharge, or upon any Representation or Certificate of any ers in any Case" erroneous Assessment, it shall be lawful for such Surveyor or Inspector, or any Surveyor or Inspector to be disallow Appli-appointed in his Stead, to appeal against the Decision of such Commissioners to the Commissioners of Ap- cation of a Sur-peal, and to require the Judgment of the said Commissioners of Appeal whether there is sufficient Reason ^eyor, &c. he or to proceed upon such Surcharge or Representation; and in case the said Commissioners of Appeal shall be of rtfort to the Opinion that there is sufficient Reason to proceed upon such Surcharge or Representation, they shall refer the commissioners Matter back to the Commissioners who originally decided thereon, and such Commissioners shall, according of Appeal, and to the Direction of such Commissioners of Appeal, proceed upon the Application of such Surveyor or In- if they deter-spedor, in such Manner as they would have done if they had originally decided in the same Manner as the £linc 1,1 h,s said Commissioners of Appeal shall have thought fit to direct. ft^Ueferback

to the Commissioners, to act as if they had originally allowed such Application*

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the first Assessment to be made by virtue of this Act shall be made for one^ Year, at the respective Rates before mentioned, from the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until the fifth Day of April one thousand eight hui dred; and every subsequent Assessment shall be made for one Year, from the fifth Day of April yearly; and the several Sums aUefted by any such Assessment shall be payable in fix Instalments at the Times following; videlicet, the fifth Day of June, the fifth Day of August, the fifth Day of October, the fifth Day of December, the fifth Day of February, and the fifth Day of April yearly, by even and equal Portions; the first of the said Instalments to be payable on the fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and the Payments shall be made within ten Days from the Day when the same shall be payable try virtue of this Act; and it shall be lawful for the respective Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act to issue out and deliver to the Collectors appointed to collect the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, or any other the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes for the Time being, their Warrants for the speedy collecting and levying the said Rates as the same shall become payable, by six Instalments, commencing in each Year from the fifth Day of April yearly, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and that such Part thereof as cannot be so levied and collected, shall be recoverable as a Debt upon Record to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

The first Assessment shall be made for one Year from April 5, 1799, to April 5,

1800, and so la every subsequent Year; payable by fix cijuai Instalments, the first on the 5th June; and to be paid within ten Days of each Day of Instalment. Warrants to I e issued by Commissioners for levying the same; and all Arrears to be Debts of Record to the King.

Every House-holder, &c. shall be charged to the Rate oil the Whole of his Income, in his Place of Refjdence, at the Time of the-General Notice under this Act, O §44-1 un-

Jcfs he retides c He where [ fee the next $ ].

Every Assessment made on ft Truste<, or on any Officer of a Corporation, shall be charged in the Place where such Trustee. 5cc. so reticle, s; (and see c. 72.;] All Persons not being Householders)

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Householder and Occupier as aforesaid shall be liable to be charged to the Rate hereby granted, in the Parish or Place of his or her Residence, at the Time of the Execution of this Act, in giving general Notice as herein required, in respect of the Whole of his or her Income chargeable by virtue of this Act, although such Person shall have Property, or shall exercise or carry on any Profession, Office, Employment, Trade, or Vocation, or shall receive any Pension or Stipend, in any other Parish or Place, unless such Person shall have another Place or Places of ordinary Residence in some other Parish or Place, or Parishes or Places, and shall give Notice thereof in Manner herein after mentioned; and that every Assessment made upon any Person as a Trustee, Agent, or Receiver, Guardian, Tutor, Curator, or Committee, on the Behalf of any other Person or Persons, or upon any Chamberlain, Treasurer, Clerk, or other Officer, acting as Treasurer, Auditor, or Receiver, for the Time being, of any Corporation, Company, Fraternity, or Society as aforesaid, on the Behalf of such Corporation, Company, Fraternity, or Society, shall also be charged in the Parish or Place where such Trustee, Agent, Receiver, Guardian, Tutor, Curator, or Committee, or such Chamberlain, Treasurer, Clerk, or ether Officer as aforesaid, shall reside at the Time of the Commencement of the Execution of this Act in each Year, unless Notice of his or her ordinary Residence in some other Parish or Place shall be given as herein is directed; and all Persons not being Householders or Occupiers as aforesaid, nor having a certain Place of Residence, shall be charged at the Place where they shall be resident at the Time of the Execution of this Act as aforesaid; and every such Charge made in the Parish or Place of such Residence, at the Time of the Execution of this Act as last aforesaid, shall be valid and effectual, notwithstanding the subsequent Removal of any such Person from such Parish or Place, unless a Notice thereof shall be given to the Assessors as herein after is directed; and if any Person who ought to be charged by virtue of this Act shall, at the Time of his or her Assessment, be out of the Realm, such Person shall be rated for the same in such Parish or Puce where he or she was last ordinarily resident, or abiding within this Realm, if the same shall be

46 C. 13. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 179

shall be charged known, or otherwise, where he or she shall have any Property, unless his or her Agent or Receiver shall at their Phcc of be desirous of being assessed in any other Place, and shall give Notice thereof in Manner herein after

a dual lUn- mentioned.

etnee; and the

AflVflVneiu shall remain valid notwithstanding their Removal, unless cn Notice. Persons out of the Realm shall be rated at their last Place of Residence

if known j 01 where ihe.r Property is 3 unless on Delire of their Agent to be a fie fled elsewhere.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Person ordinarily residing in any other Parish or Place than the Parish or Place of his or her Residence at the Time of Service of Notice to him or her, or to the House-holder of the Dwelling House where such Person did reside at the Time of such Service, or at the Time of such general Notice as aforesaid, and every Person removing from the Parish or Place where he or she did reside at the Time of such Service, being respectively desirous not to be charged in such Parish or Place, shall give Notice thereof to the Afilfiors of the said Parish or Place, or 011c of them; and if any Person shall remove from the Parish or Place of his or her Residence without giving such Notice, and with Intent to evade the Payment of the Rates hereby granted, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered under the said first-recited Act; and the Removal shall not in such Case affect the Assessment to be made in the Parish or Place of such his or her last Residence.

LXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person having two or more Dwelling Houses, and residing in different Divisions of Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, shall, in each of such Divisions, be required to deliver, in Manner before directed, a Statement of the whole Sum which he or she is willing to contribute, or a Declaration in lieu thereof, declaring in what other Place he or she is desirous of being charged j and such Person may, at the Time of delivering such Statement or Declaration, elect to pay the Whole of the Rate in either of such Divisions, on giving Notice in Writing of such his or her Intention to the respective Assessors within the Parishes or Places where such Dwelling Houses are situate, or may elect to pay the same by Payments to be made in different Divisions, in such Proportions as the Party shall in such Notices express; provided that if in any such Case no Statement shall be delivered, or a Declaration in lieu thereof, nor any Notice shall be given as before directed, at the Time of the Delivery of any Statement, then and in every such Case, an Assessment upon the Whole of the Income of such Person shall be made in each Division where such Dwelling Houses are situated; provided that any Person who shall be over-rated by reason thereof shall be relieved therefrom, upon Appeal, on Proof before the respective Commissioners of the Amount of such Overcharge upon such Appellant, and upon his or her making an Election, where the Rates which ought to be charged upon such Person shall be paid.

Firts in l och Divisions: [&< c. 22. Sched. A. 1.N0. 3. and the Note to that Form:’] If they neglect to give a proper Statement or Declaration, &c. they xriay be charged in each Division, but lelicvable on Appeal, and making such Eie&ion.

Persons residing in diiiertnt Divisions shall deliver a Statement of their proposed Contribution in i i.eh, or a Declaration in other PlfiCe t.tey are to be charged; and may elect either to pay the V.'iiox in one Division, or in proportionate

If a Person afftlfed m one lJa-rish shall be a..;.‘in a (D fled in another, the CommifTu ntrs whut he pays shall strr.nt I.inn a Certificate thereof, a*-J the other Atf.ir-ment shall be vacated.

Income shall in

I -ti.auH according to tiu L'-rvbt.v'ns «i tin* Act m l the Schedule annex.d, or avoiding to the :fl Ol til 2 V. v: ar.d

h* i 1 i of the Party.

[See c. 22. S.Ld, A.]

Vhcic Income h d.irm.filed by any Ija uhc!;

C' >utr, Comir.il-fion.r* may a.'low an Abatement. Income arising Irom a Proicf-#i-m, Oibcc, &c, fLail be clti-

LXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, having been a defied in any Parish or Place for his or her Income, shall be again assessed in any o.ther Parish or Place in respicl of the same Income, in every such Case the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, acting for the Parish or Plr.ce where such Person or Persons shall elect to pay his, her, or their Contribution, or two of them at the lead, shall, c n any Application for that Purpose, grant a Certificate of such Assessment, signed by them, gtatis; and upon Proof of lucii Assessment bcloie the Commissioners acting for such other Parish or Place, either by the Production of such Certificate, or in Default thereof by other Evidence to their Satisfaction, the said last mentioned Commissioners shall cause the Assessment of such Person or Persons so again aiidled to be amended or vacated, as the Case may require, so that such Person or Persons shall not be charged more than by this Act he, she, or they ought to be charged.

I,

XXVII. And in order that the Estimates of Annual Income chargeable by virtue of this Act may be made according to known Rules, and with as much Uniformity as the respective Cales will admit, be it further enacted, I hac in all Cases the Income chargeable by virtue of tins Act Gull be estimated according to the Rules and Directions prescribed by this Act, and the Schedule hereunto annexed, as far as the same respectively are applicable to such Income; and in ail Cases where the same are not applicable, then according to the be A of the Knowledge and Belief of the Person whole Duty i: shall be to estimate or compute such Income, whether such Eihmate flu.il be made by any Pei fun chargeable by virtue of this Act, on his or her own Account, or on the Account of any other, or as 211 Officer in the Execution of his Duty, as prefer ibed by this Act; hut that it shall not be lawful, in computing such Income, to make any other or greater Deductions therefrom than such as are expressly enumerated in this Act, or in the Schedule hereunto annexed, nor to make any Deductions which by the Schedule dr the Act are directed not to be made.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall prove, to the Satisfaction of the respective. Commissioners before-mentioned, that his or her Income chargeable by virtue of this Act has been diminished from any specifick Cause arising after the Time when such Income ought to be computed according to this Act, it shall be lawful for the said respective Commissioners to make such Abatement as to them shall seem just in respect of such Diminution of Income.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That any Income arising from any Profession, Office, Pension, Stipend, Employment, Trade, or Vocation, shall be estimated either according to the actual Produce of the lame Prefcikou, Office, Pcnlion, Stipend, Employment, Trade, or Vocation, in the Year immediately preceding,

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 13. 47

such Estimate, or by an Average of the Produce of the three Years immediately preceding, at the Option of the Party to be charged in respect thereof, and subject to Diminution within the current Year, in the Manner provided by the said recited Act, every such Year ending on the thirty-first Day of December in each Year, or at such Time of the Year as the Accounts of such income have been usually made up or completed for that Year, or the same had been received.

duce of three Years preceding, in the Option of the Party, subject to Diminution within the current Year,

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That where in any Case the Income of any Person or Persons, or any Part thereof, in whatever Manner arising, shall be estimated upon any Average of Years according to the Directions of this Act, such Person or Persons shall not be entitled to any Abatement or Allowance in the current or any^subsequent Year, by reason of any Variation in the Amount of the Income so arising, nor lor any specifick Cause, other than in such Cases where such Person or Persons shall cease to be pollened of the Property, Office, iiension, or Stipend, or shall cease to be engaged in the Profession, Trade, or Employment, from which such Income, or Part of Income, shall have ai ilen.

mited either

according tot lie actual Produce in the preceding Year, or on the Average Pro-[See c. 22. Sched. A. 15th Case.]

Where Income

is tflimated on an Average of Years, no Abatement shall be allowed in the current Year, except where the Party

shall cease to be possessed of the Property, or to be engaged in the ProfcflTion whence his income ariies^.

No Deduction shall be made from the Income of Trader j, &c. for Sums employed in Improvement.*, or ns Capital, or a* Interest of Ca-

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Persons engaged in any Trade or Manufacture, in filling up the Statement or Schedule of the Particulars of their Income, or on otherwise computing, in pursuance of this Act, their Income arising from such Trade or Manufacture, to make any Deductions therefrom on Account of any Sums employed, or intended to be employed, in Improvements or as Capital, or on Account of Interest for the Capital by ahem employed therein, unless for Interest, which they are bound to pay to other Persons for the same; nor for any Sum expended by them in the Course -of any one Year (in which the Estimate or Average thereof shall be taken) for Repairs of Premises occupied for the Purpose of such Trade or Manufacture, or for the Supply, or Repairs, or Alterations of any ju| e t

mplements, or Utensils, or Articles employed for the Purpose of such Trade or Manufacture, beyond the £'herVactually Amount of the Sum usually expended for such Purposes, according to an Average of three Years preceding paid to an-the Year to which such Computation shall relate; gor shall it be lawful for any Person engaged in Trade'or Manufacture, and having Property not employed as Capital therein, to make any Deduction from the In-'come arising from the Property not employed as Capital, by reason of any Diminution of the Capital so employed, during the Period for which such Computation shall be made.

three preceding Years, nov from Property not employed as Capital by Reason of any Diminution of Capital.

LXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Persons engaged in any Trade or Manu- Partners may be facture, or in any Adventure or Concern, in Partnership together, may be jointly charged to the said Rates and Duties, in respect of their Joint Income arising from such Trade or Manufacture, or such Adventure or Concern, under the Firm or Description of their said Business, and that the Return of any one of the said Partners, on Behalf of himself and the others for that Purpose, shall be sufficient Authority fob the said Commissioners to charge such Partners jointly in respect of their Income arising from such Trade or Manufacture, or such Adventure or Concern, but nevertheless wholly distinct from any Charge which may be made upon such Persons, or any of them, in respect of any other Income belonging to them, or diiiiTa from any of them* that on their separate Incomes.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if amongst any Persons engaged in Tra le or Manufacture, In case of in Partnership together, any Change shall take place in any such Partnership, either by Death or Diis dution of Partnership, as to all or any of the Partners, or by admitting any other Partner therein, within the Period when the Computation of Income ought to be made under this Act, or before the Time of making the Assessment under this Act, or if any Person shall have succeeded to any Trade or Manufacture, or any Adventure or Concern, within such respective Periods as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said respective Commissioners, and they, and also the Party or Parties interested, and every Officer acting in the Execution of this Act, shall compute and ascertain the Income of such Partnership, or any of such Partners, or any Person succeeding to such Trade or Manufacture, or Adventure or Concern, according to the Income derived during the respective Periods before-mentioned, notwithstanding such Change therein or Succession to such Business as aforesaid, unless such Partners or Partner, or such Person succeeding to such Business as aforesaid, shall prove, to the Satisfaction of the said respective Commissioners, that the Income of such Person or Persons hath fallen short, or will fall short, for some specifick Cause to be alledged to them, since such Change or huccehlon took place, or by reason thereof.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which the Title to any Income shall be uncertain, either by reason of any Contingency to which the lame may be subjedb, or by reason of any Dispute concerning the same, or for any other Caule, then such Income shall be chargeable under this Act fsparatdy, according to the Amount thereof, and the Person or Persons (if any) who shall be in the Receipt of such income, whether on his or her own Account, or on the Behalf of any other Person or Persons, flnli deliver a Statement thereof accordingly, and shall pay the Sums chargeable in respect thereof out of such Income; and in case such Income shall be under the Controul or Direction of any Court of Equity, or other(Court, in any Suit depending, or otherwise, such Court shall give the necessary Directions for ascertaining the Amount of such Income, and Payment of the Duty chargeable thereon, upon Application in a luminary Way of any Trustee or Trustee?, or any Person or Persons interested therein, or any Agent or Receiver intruded witu vlhe Receipt thereof, or of any Surveyor or lufpedor acting in the Execution of this Act.

Application of Tnalets, ns to Property under their Controul.

other,) nor for Repairs, implements, &c. beyond the Average of the

jointly charged in respect of their Joint incomes, and the Return of one Partner find b© fij-ficictit; such

Changes in Partnership, the Charges cn the Partnership, and on the Partners going out or coming in, shall remain the same; unless a specifick Caule lor Diminution is ihevvn to the Commissioners.

Where the Title to Income is uncertain, or in Dispute, the actual Receiver shall give a Statement thereof, and pay the Duty tlx 1 e— cn; and Couiti of Kquity may give the proper Directions, on

48 C. 13. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Income of Infants, under the Controul of Courts of Equity,

Lu aflcffid, and the Duty paid thereon under tite Direction of such Court.

Proceedings in such Cases shall be free of Stamp Duty.

Revenues of

Corporations, &c. not applicable to charitable Purposes, shall be charged as other In-

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Income belonging to any Infant, or other Person or Persons, which shall be under the Direction or Controul of any Court of Equity or other Court, in any Suit depending or otherwise, shall be charged and assessed, under the Direction of such Court, in all Cases in wh ch such Income cannot be otherwise charged and aflelled under this Act; and such Court shall give all necessary Directions for such Purpose, and for Payment of the Duties which shall be (o charged and aiMed, in the same Manner as is herein before directed with respect to Income under the Controul of any Court, the Title where to shall be uncertain.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Proceedings in any Court, for the Purpose of charging any such Income as aforesaid, and obtaining Payment of the Dunes chargeable thereon, shall te free of Stamp Duties, and all Fees and Charges attending the same, except (or Writing.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Bodies Politick or Corporate, Companies, Fraternities, or Societies of Persons, whether Corporate or not Corporate, shall be entitled unto any Annual Income to the respective Amounts before specified, (other than and besides any Income applicable to charitable Purposes,) such Annual Income (not applicable to charitable Purposes only) shall be chargeable with such and the lee Rates as any other Annual Income of the same Amount will, under and by virtue of this Act, be chargeable with.

LXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Bodies Politick or Corporate, Companies, Fraternities, or Societies aforesaid, shall be charged or chargeable, in respect of any Income, which, according to the Rules or Regulations of such Corporations, Companies, Fraternities, or Societies, shall be applicable to charitable Purposes, or to the Payment of any Annual Dividends or Interest to arise and become payable to any individual Members of such Corporations or Publick Companies, or to -any other Persons or Publick Bodies, having any Share, Right, or Title of, in, or to any Capital Stock or other Property belonging to such Corporations or Publick Companies, nor in respect of which any Dividends or Interest shall, according to such Rules and Regulations, become payable; provided that such Person or Persons, Corporations, Companies, Fraternities, or Societies, to whom such Dividends or Interest shall be payable, IhalE be charged and chargeable in respect thereof, according to the Amounts thereof, and the Rates before specified, as and when the same shall be received by them respectively, other than and except Dividends and Interest the Property of Persons not the Subject of his Majesty, and not resident in this KLingdom, and that an Account of the Amount of such Dividends and Interest be delivered to such Inspector or Surveyor as shall be authorised for that Purpose under the Hands of three or more of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, upon Demand thereof, by the same Persons, and in the same Manner, as the Statements of the Income of such Corporations, Companies, Fraternities, and Societies, are required to be delivered, ers not resident in this Kingdom; the Amount of which is to be delivered to an inspector, &c. in the same Manner as Statements

No Corporate City, &c. ftiull I c charged for Income appropriated to the Expences of its Government, nor Colicgi itc Bodies, Arc for Income npplitd to the Maintenance of Fellows, &c. I at the Accounts shall he made up annually, and the

LXXXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Corporate City, Borough, Town, or Place, shall be liable to be charged in respect of such Portion of the Income belonging to such Corporate on as shall be appropriated by any Act, Statute, or Bye Law, towards defraying the Expences incident to the Civil Government of such Corporation, and that tro Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate shall be liable to be charged in respect of such Part of its Income which by virtue of any Private Statutes or Charter, or of any Will or other Instrument of Endowment belonging to or for the Establishment or Confirmation of the Constitution of such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall be appropriated to the Maintenance, Subsistence, or Advancement of any Matters, Fellows, Students, or Members thereof; provided that in every Case where such Exemption shall be claimed, an Account thereof shall be made up in the usual Form for each Year during the Term herein mentioned and allowed by the said Commissioners, and that the Persons to whose Use such Income shall be applied, shall be chargeable in respect thereof, as in other Cases under this Act.

Parties benefited shall be charged.

'The proper Officer of Corporations within 2K Days of each general Notic. shall deliver to the Inspector, Arc a Statenuntof the Annual income ©:‘ such Corporation, [free 22. NJui.li No 12, 13, 14,) spe-<ityin< what Part of such In-

XC. And be it further enacted, That the Chamberlain, Treasurer, Clerk, or other Officer afling as Treasurer, Auditor, or Receiver, for the Time being, of every such Corporation, Company, Fraternity, or Society, shall, and he is hereby required, within twenty-eight Days after the Publication of such general Notice as herein mentioned, in the Parish or Place wherein the Office of such Chamberlain, Treasurer, Clerk, or other Officer, shall be situate, to make out and deliver to the Inspector or Surveyor duly authorised as aforesaid, a Statement of the Annual Income of such Corporation, Company. Fraternity, or Society, according to the Form specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B), and shall also specify in such Statement how much and what Proportion of such Annual Income is not chargeable by virtue of this Act upon such Corporation, Company, Fraternity, or Society, and for what Purposes the Income, not chargeable as abuefe.id, is or shall be applicable; and such Inspectors or Surveyors are hereby required to transmit such Statement to the respective Clerks to the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, in the Manner herein directed as to Statements of Houftholcers and others charged to the said Rates by virtue of this Act.

come 1$ not cl.arge^t,lc; fudi Statements to be transmitted by the Inspector, &c. to the Commissioners, Clerks.

Trustees and

XCI. And be it further enacted, That where any Person, being Trustee, Agent, or Receiver, Guardian*

to;ati-uT- ^utor> Curator, or Committee, of or for any Person or Persons having any Income which shall be charge-able

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 13. 49

by virtue of this Act>, or any Chamberlain, Treasurer, Clerk, or other Officer rtf' any Corporation, *d,n»y tetai*'

Company, Fraternity, or Society, having any stich Income as aforesaid, shall be assessed by virtue of this Act, to contribute any Sum or Sums in respect of such Income, then and in every such Case it shall Trust Monies

be lawful for every such Person who shall be so assessed, by and out of such Annual Income as shall come to &c. coming tJ

his or her Hands or Hand as such Trustee, Agent, or Receiver, Guardian, Tutor, Committee, or Curator their Hands:

as aforesaid, or as such Chamberlain, Treasurer, Clerk, or other Officer, to retain so much and such Part of such Annual Income as shall from Time to Time be sufficient to pay such Assessment; and every such Trustee, Agent, or Receiver, Guardian, Tutor, Committee, or Curator, Chamberlain, Treasurer, ^aderthi, Acti

Clerk, or other Officer, shall be, and they are hereby respectively indemnified against all and every Person and Persons, Corporations, Companies, Fraternities, or Societies whatsoever, for all Payments which they shall respectively make out of such Income, in pursuance and by virtue of this A St.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who ought to be charged by virtue of this Act shall, by changing or having changed his or her Place of Residence, or by converting or having converted his or her Property, or any Part thereof, or by fraudulently releasing, assigning, or conveying, or having fraudu- charged under lently released, affiged, or conveyed the same, or any Part thereof, or by making and delivering any this Act say such Schedule or Account as aforesaid which shall be selle; or having any Property yielding an Income, shall changing their fraudulently convert, or shall have fraudulently converted the same, or any Part thereof, by altering or ^kcenf Abod^. having altered any Security with relation to such Property, or by fraudulently rendering or having rendered S^Pixmert# the same, or any Part thereof, temporarily unproductive of such Income, in order that such Person may not or delivering" be charged for the same, or any Part thereof, or by any Falsehood, Fraud, Covin, Art, or Contrivance anyfclfeAc-whatsoever, already used or practised, or to be used or practised, shall not be charged and assessed according to count, or chang* the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Person shall, on Proof thereof, before any two or wgtfaeSeeuri-more of the said respective Commissioners, be charged and assessed, for the Purposes of this Act, Double and row the Amount of the Charge which ought to have been made on such Person (if no (Uch Charge shall have dering the same been made); and if any such Charge shall have been made which shall be less than the Charge which unproduaive, ought to have been made on such Person, then such Person shall be assessed and charged, for the Pur- orby anyCon. poses of this Act, over and above such former Charge, Double the Amount of the Difference between the ever"Cr 'aiW Sum with which such Person shall have been charged, and the Sum with which be or (he ought to have tobcprac-been charged, tifed, shall be charged double*.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Rate or Assessment shall have been made in pursuance where an Afc of any Statement or Schedule of Income by any Person or Persons, without Examination on Okhof such feffment is Person or Persons, before the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, and the said Commissioners shall jpadc ®n at any Time, within six Months after such Rate and Assessment made, receive Information that such Person or Persons was or were not thereby fully assessed according to the Proportion of his, her, or their Income, which m|nation of the ought to be contributed in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Party, on Oath*. _ Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act to charge such Person or Persons such Sum or Sums of Money the Commit* as, together yirub the Sum before assessed, shall make up the full Amount of the Sum which he, she, or ?oncrl *"*7 they ought to have contributed in pursuance of this Act, and the said Commissioners shall cause Notice to ^(WTmeiu at be given thereof to the Person or Persons who shall be so charged, and appoint a Day and Time for him, Time her, or them, to appear and shew Cause why an Assessment should not be made according to such Charge; within fix and in case the said Charge shall (after the hearing of the Party or Parties, or in Default of his, her, Months, on or their appearing at the Day and Time appointed) be established, the said Commissioners shall proceed to Notice totbe assess the same upon the Person or Persons lo charged, and direct the Manner and Proportions in which the in*

feme shall be raised: Provided alvrtiys, That it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons who shall be so charged cases,

to appeal against such last mentioned A fled* 11 ent in the same Manner as is herein directed in other Cases where an Appeal is allowed.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That if in any In(bnee of Lands demised at Rack Rent it shall Ifiocafeofa appear to the said respective Commissioners, that either by Reason of such Lands having been let for any Tenant at Rads* Term of Years more than seven Years prior to the Year in which such Computation shall be made, or for aP^arg

any other specifick Cause to be alledged to and allowed by such Commissioners, the Rules contained in [LeXt.&bcJ. the said Schedule foreftimating the Income arising from such Lands are not applicable, or will not give a fair i/. Cafcii, ia.j and just Estimate of the Income of such Person, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners, either on the do not apply. Application of the Surveyor or Inspector, or of such Tenant, to cause an Assessment to be made upon such 9X1 Assessment Tenant in Proportion to the actual Gains and Profits received by such Tenant within the Year, or on an Average of three Years preceding which such Computation shall be made, and at the respective Rates before ^a suroyo£* mentioned: Provided always, That in every Instance of Income arising from Lands in Scotlandf demised or of the Te- at Rack Rent as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Tenant, in making out his Statement, to compute and nant) on his ascertain, and the said respective Commissioners, on the Application of such Tenant, shall compute andascertain *&* Profav such Income in Proportion to the actual Gains and Profits which such Tenant of Lands in Scotland shall have And in sli In* acquired within the Year, or on an Average of three Years preceding which such Computation shall be made; tances of la- and that when any Inquiry into the Income of any such Tenant shall be to be made, the said respective Com- ot-

missioners may be at Liberty to call to their Assistance any two or more Occupiers of Lands in the same jci at a < Neighbourhood, or any Surveyor of Lands whom the said respective Commissioners shall think able to give juck Rent, thrv them Assistance in estimating, computing, and ascertaining the Income of such Tenant, and upon the Result Tenant's In-of such Opinion, to require a Schedule of Particulars, and to pursue such Rules and Regulations for inquiring

into and ascertaining the Income of such Tenant* as they could or might have done upon the Demand of any

50 C. 13. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act, to pay, or cause to be paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or to their Cashier or Carriers, any Sum or Sums of Money, and to require a Certificate or Certificates acknowleding such Payment; which Certificates shall be received by the several Receivers and Collpftors of the said Rates and Duties as Cash, and in Discharge of so much of the said Rates and Duties as shall oe mentioned in such Certificates respectively: Provided always, That no Discount or Allowance whatever shall be allowed or paid on any Sum or Sums of Money to be paid into* the Bank of England, in pursuance of this Act.

Manner; any Surveyor or Inspector of the said Rates and Duties, or as the Commercial Commissioners to be appointed

the Comuvf- under this Act may lawfully do on the Advice and Assistancp of any Persons to be called in by them for that

gjESa; Purpose as herein after mentioned.

Assistance the Information of Occupiers and Surveyors of Land; and aft as Commercial Commissioners may do with respectc to Afllstants, under §98.

Pwfoos may. pay Money into the Bank, and receive Gcrtifi-/ cates, which shall be takvn as Cash by the Collectors; but no Discount shall be allowed

on such Payments.

[By c. 21. § jo, 31. Discount it allowed.]

Persons in Trade, and the Bank and other trading Corporations, defir-©us to be assessed by the Commercial Commissioners, [fee the next and juc-feeding Sessionsf] may signify the same to the Assessors [in Form, c. 22.

S:bed. C. No. x 5, J within the Time for returning their Statement$ and may then deliver such Statement jto the Commercial Commissioners Of the District -or their sworn Clerk, specify-inr the Branch on

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons residing in Great Britain, and engaged in any Trade or Manufacture therein, or the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any other -trading Body Politick or Corporate, Company, Fraternity, or Society of Persons, whether Corporate or not Corporate, in Great Britain, shall be delirous of being assessed by the Commercial Commissioners, to be appointed as herein after mentioned, to the whole Rates and Duties granted by this Act, or to so much thereof as may arise from Trade or Manufacture, and shall signify in Writing his, her, or their Intention to be so assessed, within the Time herein limited for returning his, her, or their Statement, to the Assessor or Assessors of the Parish or Place where any Assessment upon such Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, Companies, Fraternities, or Societies, ought to be made, according to the Form marked (C) hereunto annexed, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons, by him, her, or themselves, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents, and for such Bodies, Corporations, Companies, Fraternities, or Societies, by their respective Chamberlains, Treasurers, Cashiers. or other Officers having the Receipt or Audit of the Income of such Bodies, Corporations, Companies, Fraternities, and Societies respectively, instead of his, her, or their delivering a Statement as herein-before required, to the Assessor or Assessors for the Parish or Place where such Assessment as aforesaid ought to be made, to deliver the same to the said Commercial Commissioners to be appointed for any one of the Districts in which such Assessment fs hereby directed to be made, or to their Clerk or other Officer sworn under the Authority of this Act, who shall be authorised by such respective Commissioners to receive the same, and which Statements shall be respectively made in the Forms in the said Schedule annexed as before directed, but. nevertheless adding thereto, by every Person engaged in Trade or Commerce, the particular Branch or Branches of- Trade or Commerce in which such Person shall be engaged; and the said several Statements being so delivered shall be as effectual for the Purpose of ascertaining the Sum to be assessed on such Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, Companies, Fraternities, or Societies, as if the same had been delivered to such Assessor or Assessors in pursuance of this Act as aforesaid.

of Trade in which such Parties are engaged. 22. Sched. B. No. 10, 11 - ] [For the Mode of appointing and Applying these Commffonert and their

jtffjlanti, Jet 110, et ftej. cf tbit jibl, and c. 41. 7; For their Proceedings, fee further, ec. 21. 42 ]

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Commercial Commissioners to be appointed as herein after directed shall, as soon after their respective Appointments as conveniently may be, meet to receive, or appoint a proper Person for receiving, all such Statements, iealed up, as shall be made to them by or on the Behalf of any Person or Persons engaged in Trade or Manufacture, and residing within the Limits of their respective Districts, or from or on the Behalf of any such Body Politick or Corporate, or Company, Fraternity, or Society of Persons withijn the said Limits, and shall cause all such Statements frorii Time to Time to be classed and registered in Books to be provided f6r that Purpose, and shall also from Time to Time fix a Day or Days, not sooner than twenty-one Days from the Day of receiving any such Statement, for taking the same into Consideration, and shall from Time to Time meet for that Purpose, and may divide themselves into Committees, each Committee confiding of not less than three Commissioners, at such their Meetings, and afterwards proceed with all convenient Dispatch to ascertain and determine the Amount of the Sums to which any Person or Persons, Corporation, Company, Fraternity, or Society, delivering such Statements, ought to be charged by virtue of this Act, observing therein the Rules, Regulations* and Directions of this Act, as herein after expressed.

the Parties chargeable, according to the Provisions of this Act.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That on the Day or Days fixed for taking any such Statements into' Consideration, or on any Day to be previously named by them for that Purpose, the said respective Commercial Commissioners shall call to their Assistance any such two or more Persons herein after directed to be appointed for that Purpose, for the District of the said Commissioners, who in the Opinion of the said Commissioners may be, of those so appointed, bed able to judge of the Amount of the reputed Income of the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, Companies, Fraternities, or Societies, whose Statements shall be under Consideration before the said Commissioners, and shall esquire of such Persons their Opinion of such Amounts of reputed Income, or so much thereof as may arise from Trade or Manufifture, without diG* closing to them, or any or either of them, the Amount contained in any Statement of such Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, Companies, Fraternities, or Societies j and if any or either of such Persons

The Commercial Commissioners shall receive such State* merits (sealed up) and hare them da fled and rendered in proper Books, And fix a Time within 21 Days for considering the same, and may divide themselves into Committees of three, and assess

The said Commercial Commissioners may call in two of the Assistants, landjcec. aa.

§ 16. J and enquire of them their Opinion of the Amount of the Income of Jtaich.ddiver-

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 13. 51

[in such Statements,

shall, upon such Enquiry, state the reputed Income of such Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, Companies, Fraternities, or Societies, at a Sum or Sums higher than by Reference to the Statements delivered* without dif-the said Commissioners shall find the Sums contained therein respectively to be, then, unless two Thirds or.a closing the

Greater Proportion of the said Commissioners shall concur in Opinion that such Difference of Statement oes not furnish sufficient Ground for further Enquiry, it shall be lawful for the said Commercial Commissioners, and they are hereby required, to issue their Precepts, requiring the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, Companies, Fraternities, or Societies, delivering such Statements respectively, to return Schedules of their Property from which such Income may arise, to the said Commissioners, which Schedules shall be made in the Manner and in the Form herein-before directed; and the said Commercial Commissioners shall,

after issuing such Precepts, proceed to enquire into the Income arising from the Property dated in such Schedule, or any other Property belonging, to such Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, Companies,

Fraternities, or Societies, and shall be at Liberty to disclose the Particulars contained in such Schedule to the Assistants whom the said Commissioners (hftl have called in as aforesaid, and shall esquire from them, and nion that such shall also examine any other Person or Persons relative thereto, whom they may think necessary, (upon Oah Statements or solemn Affirmation, except as to such Afliffants,) in such Manner and Form and with the like Powers as the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act are hereby authorised or enabled to do as before directed j and all Powers, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which are herein-before preferred for the Coni dust and Demeanour of the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, except as herein after is otherwise provided, (h*.l» be in full Force, and shall be practised and applied by the respective Commercial^Com-nnifiianers, as fully and effectually as if the same Powers, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, had been so expressly and particularly applied r Provided always, That the respective Persons to be examined before the said Commissioners shall be examined by them apart, and that the Evidence which they or any of them shall give shall not be disclosed to any Person or Persons whatever, except to such Assistants as aforesaid* for the Purpose of enabling them to form a Judgment of the actual Income then under Confederation as aforesaid.

Statements to such Assistants; and if such Assistants date the Income higher than the Parties have clone, and two Thirds of the Commissioners concyrpn Opi-

furnirti Ground for further Enquiry, they may require Schedules of the Parties* Property; and shall proceed [o] enquire into their Income s They may dif-clpfe such Schedules to the

examine other Persons on Oath with like Powers as Commissioners in other cases.

ctofed but to the A Aidants: [or tb*CUrk, &c. fee c. 22. § aa.]

Affiants, and,

Witness*. s to be examined apart, and their Evidence not to be dif«

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That after such Enquiry made by the said Commercial Commissioners Stt aforesaid, or ^.iy three or more of them, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners before whom such Enquiry shall have been made, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby required, according to the best of their Judgment, to settle and ascertain in what Sums such Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, Companies, Fraternities, or Societies, ought to be charged by virtue of this Act, and to make an Assessment or Assessments accordingly; and that when and as soon as the Amounts thereof shall be ascertained, the respective Commissioners of each such Committee shall cause the same to be entered in a Book to be by them respectively and privately kept, as herein after mentioned, with the Name or Names, or Description of the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, Companies, Fraternities, or Societies to be charged therewith, set opposite thereto, and which Entries shall be respectively numbered progressively, or lettered or distinguished by Numbers and Letters, as the said respective Commercial Commissioners shall think proper* and which Assessments, so made and entered, shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatever without Appeal; and th-t when and as soon as the said respective Commissioners shall have caused to be made any such Entry in such Book, they shall deliver to the Person or Persons, Bodies, Cor}>orations, Companies, Fraternities* or Societies, charged by such Assessments, or to some Person or Persons there attending on his, her, or their Behalf, a Certificate or Certificates under the Hands and Seals of two or more of such Commissioners, specifying the Amount of the Sums to be paid upon every such Assessment respectively, to be fespectively marked and numbered, or lettered, with the same Number or Letter as the Entry or Entries in the private Book of the said Commissioners, to which such Certificate or Certificates shall respectively relate, shall be marked and numbered or lettered, and winch Certificates shall be cut off indentwise from the Counterparts thereof, which shall also contain the like Sums, and be marked and numbered or lettered in the same ' Manner as the Certificate or Certificates to be so delivered as aforesaid, which Certificates marked and numbered or lettered as aforesaid, containing the Amount of the said Assessments as aforesaid, without naming or describing the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, Companies, Fraternities, or Societies, charged thereby, shall, on Production thereof, be a sufficient Authority to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* and to the respective Receivers General and 'their respective Deputies in England, and to the Receiver General in Scotland, from Time to Time, to receive from any Person or Persons bearing and

{reducing such Certificate or Certificates, the Amount of the Sums therein respectively contained, in such roportions thereof as by this Act are made payable by Instalments, and at the Tinus by this Act appointed for Payment thereof, in Discharge and Satisfaction of the Assessment made by the said Commissioners for the last mentioned Purposes, and entered by them under the Letter or Number marked on such Certificate, and upon the Payment of such Sums contained in any such Certificate, or any Proportion thereof as aforesaid, to give Certificates for the same, acknowledging the Receipt of the Sum paid on Account of the Certificate of the said respective Commissioners, by the Number or Letter marked thereon as before directed.

C. And be it further enacted, That if in the Course of any Enquiry before the said Commercial Commissioners, they shall think it necessary to ascertain the Income of any Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, Companies, Fraternities, or Societies, who shall have delivered to them any such Statement or Statements as aforesaid, which Income, or any Part thereof, shall arise from any Progeny in Great Britain not engaged

After such Enquiry, the Commercial Commissioners may proceed to ascertain the Assessment on the Parties, and each Committee

f/« 197 ]

enter the same in a Book to be kept privately by them, with the Name of the Party to be numbered or lettered progressively: Suchr Assessment to be final without* Appeal. After such Entry, a Duplicate of a Certificate shall be delivered to the Party under; the Hand* of two Commissioners, dating the Amount of the Assessment, and its corresponding Number or Eetltft

If, in the CoyrfV of their Enquiries, Commercial Commissioners shall

52 C. 13. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

in Trade or Manufacture, out of the Limits of the City, Town, or Place, or its Vicinity, for which they shall act, the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall, on a Certificate or Certificates thereof, transmit such Certificates to the respective Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, acting for the Division or Places or Divisions or Places, where such Property, or any Part thereof, is or shall be situate, and the said last mentioned Commissioners shall, on Receipt of such Certificates, respectively enquire into the Amount of the Income arising from such Property within the Limits of the Division or Place where such last mentioned Commissioners aft, and in proceeding the rein'it shall be lawful for them to use and apply all the Powers contained in this Act, in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, Companies* Fraternities, or Societies, were chargeable under this Act in such Division or Place; and the said Commissioners having satisfied themselves of such Income, shall, without allowing any Deduction to be made therefrom* (other than the special Deductions authorised by this Act in respect of such Property,) transmit a Certificate thereof, under the Hands of any two or more of them, to the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to be laid before the said Commercial Commissioners, to the End that such Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations. Companies, Fraternities, or Societies, may be justly charged upon the Whole of his, her, or their Income, and such Certificates of the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act shall be final and condufire as to the Amount of Income contained therein, all just Deductions (other than the special Deductions aforesaid) being first made therefrom by the Commercial Commissioners, in the same Manner as if such Income bad been ascertained by them in the first Instance. quire into the Party’s Inco ne there; which they shall accordingly do, and certify the same to the Tax Office, to be laid before the Commercial Commissioners, to enable them to atfcfs the Party; AJcli last mentioned Certificate to be final and conclusive as to the Amount of Income contained therein.

think it necessary to ascertain the Income of the Parties, any Part of which shall arise from Property in Great Britain, not in Trade, out of the Limits of the Jurisdiction of such Commissioners, the Tak Office shall transmit a Certificate from such Commissioners to the Commissioners of any other Division, to cn-

Persons whose Income Is under Enquiry before Commercial Commissioners, may apply for and obtain such Certificates, in order to have an Allowance n their whole Income.

Income from Property in the American Plantations may be ascertained by the Commercial Commissioners for London, Bristol, imported hither.

CI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, whose Income shall be under Enquiry before the Commercial Commissioners, shall apply to them to ascertain, in Manner before directed, the Amount of any Income arising from Property not subject to Enquiry before such Commercial Commissioners, in order to have any Allowance made from the Whole of his or her Income, it shall be lawful for them, and they are hereby required to deliver the proper Certificate for that Purpose, which Certificate shall be carried into Effect in the Manner before directed; and the said Commercial Commissioners, after having received the Account of such Income, shall, in order to make any Allowances to which such Person may be entitled in respect of the Whole of his or her Income, add the same to the Amount of Income ascertained by such Commercial Commissioners, and therefrom make such Allowances accordingly.

CII. And be it further enacted, That any Income arising from Property in any of the British Plantations in Jmerica, and imported into Great Britain from thence, may be dated, proved, ascertained, and assessed to* before and by the respective Commercial Commissioners acting for the respective Places herein after mentioned, videlicet, London^ Bristol, Liverpool, and Glasgow, in the same Manner as if such Income had arisen from Trade or Manufacture carried on in such Places respectively; and such Income shall be assessed and charged by the Commissioners acting for such of the said Places at or nearest to which such Property shall have been first imported into Great Britain.

Liverpool, or Glasgow; and be assessed by the commissioners of either of those Places nearest tp which the Property Is ’first

CIII. And be it further enacted, That any Income received in Great Britain, and arising from Property of any Person or Persons in such Plantations as aforesaid, which shall not have been imported into Great Britain, may be dated, proved, ascertained, and assessed, in like Manner as aforesaid, together with the Income of the same Person or Persons arising from such Property which shall have been imported as aforesaid, in case any such Income arising from Property imported as aforesaid shall be dated to such Commercial Commission* in order to be assessed and charged under this Act.

Income received in Great Britain arising Bom Property of Persons in such Plantations not imported here, may be also ascertained in like Manner.

ers

CIV. And be it further enacted, That in every Place where the Number of Commercial Commissioners to be appointed as aforesaid shall be sufficient to divide themselves into two or more Committees as aforesaid; it shall be lawful for the Persons composing any one such Committee to assess and charge the Persons composing any other such Committee until each such Commissioner shall be fully assessed and charged with Power of Appeal to all the said Commissioners; and that where such Committees shall be formed, the said Commissioners shall establish such Regulations amongst themselves for act'efling and charging each other, as may most effectually secure a fair and impartial assessment upon every such Commissioner, according to the true Intent *nd Meaning of this Act; provided that upon any such Appeal the Commissioner interested shall have no Voice, but shall withdraw until the Determination thereof, in the Manner herein-before directed with respect to Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act.

One Committee of Commercial Commissioners

I !te h 97*] may assess the Members of another Committee, with Power of Appeal to all such Commissionersj but the Parties interested shall have no Vote. §70 )

[Where such Commissioners are not divided into Committees, each Commissioner shall be assessed by thee others, with

CV. And be it further enacted, That where the said Commissioners shall not be sufficient to divide them*!-selves into Committees as aforesaid, every such Commissioner shall be assessed and charged by the other Commissioners present, in which Case the Commissioner interested shall have no Voice, but shall withdraw until the Determination thereof in Manner before directed; provided that if any such Commissioner shall think himU If aggrieved by the Determination of the other Commissioners as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for him to appeal to the Commercial Commissioners acting for the City of London, who shall hear and determine the same, and aficIs and charge such Appellant under the Kke Powers, and subject to the like

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 13. 53

Rules, as they might have assessed and charged such Appellant in case he had resided within the City of Appeal tot London, and had in the first Instance delivered to the said Commercial Commissioners his Statement for that ommerc,a Purpose.

the Commercial Commissioners for London.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That the Commercial Commissioners a (Sling within and for the City of ThcCommer-London and its Vicinity, comprehending the Distri& herein after described, shall, on or before the fifth Day of c»al Commi f-June yearly, during the Term herein mentioned, or as soon after as can be conveniently done, transmit the Counterparts of all such Certificates as shall have been issued by them to the Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in order that all Persons, Bodies, Corporations, Companies, Fraternities, and Societies, assessed by the said Commissioners, may pay, in Manner before directed, their Assessments into the said Bank of England; and the respective Commercial Commissioners acting within or for any City,

Town, or Place herein after mentioned, or any other City, Town, or Place in Great Britain, for which, and their respective Vicinities, Commissioners for the said last mentioned Purposes shall be appointed according to the Directions of this Act, shall, within the like Period, transmit the Counterparts of all such Certificates as shall have been issued by them respectively in England to the Receiver General of the County,

Riding, or Place where such Certificates have been issued, or their respective Deputies, and in Scotland to the Receiver General there :iand the Cashier of the said Bank of England, and the respective Receivers General, or their respective Deputies as aforesaid, shall, upon the Receipt of any Sum of Money on Account of any such Certificate, signed and marked, and numbered or lettered as aforesaid, enter the same in a Book to be provided for that Purpose, with the Number and Figure marked in such Certificate set of-pofite thereto, under the Head of The Account of the Commercial Commissioners acting for the of and its Vicinity."

Commissioners for London and its Vicinity [Jre \ §110.] shall, yearly, before June 5, or as soon as possible after, transmit to the Bank the Counterparts of all Certificates issued by them,' that the Parties-; may pay their Assessm.ntj there, and the Commercial Com rrp fa oners

for other C.ties

Commercial Commissioners shall, from Time to Time, transmit to the Tax Office, Accounts of the Grots Amount, of their Assess-

and Distri&s,

f [*% 11 v, i j a.] shall transmit such Counterparts to the respective Receivers General; apd the Bank and Receivers General shall open Accounts with such Commercial Commissioners as to all Money received on such Certificates. a*. §16, &c. and c. 41. §5.]

CVII. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Commercial Commissioners shall from Time Therefp?£jve to Time transmit to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, the gross Amount of all Assessments made by them up to the Day of making up such Account; and that when and as soon as such Assessments shall bt completed in any such District, the said respective Commissioners acting therein shall cause to be delivered a Schedule or Duplicate on Parchment, under their Hands and Seals fairly written, containing the whole Sum assessed by the said Commissioners, unto the said respective Receivers General, and shall transmit, or cause to be transmitted, a like Schedule or Duplicate into the King’s Remembrancer’s Office of the Exchequer in England and Scotland respectively. merits; and when such Assessments are completed, shall deliver a Schedule of the whole Amount to the Receivers General, and tra;ismit a Dupllcat* thereof into the Exchequer.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Books, Papers, and Writings whatever, belonging to or All such Com-provided by the said Commercial Commissioners, shall be carefully preserved and kept in their Custody, or of some or one of them, or in such Manner as they shall think confident with the Secrecy to be observed in s£e £pt in the Custody thereof. their Custody, or as they shall think most confident with Secrecy,

Ten Days before each Instalment, the Bank and Receivers General shall transmit to th: respective Commercial Commissioners an Account of Sums paid and remaining unpaid, on prior Instalments, and the Numbers, &c. to which they relate j and such Commissioners shall give Notice to the Party concerned to piy ail and c. 42. §5.3

CIX. And be it further enacted, That the Cashier of the Bank of England, and the respective Receivers General, shall, ten Days before the second, and so before every subsequent Instalment, transmit to the respective Commercial Commissioners as aforesaid, a true Account of all Sums paid on Account of any prior Instalment or Instalments, and also of any Sum or Sums which may remain unpaid on Account of such prior Instalment or Instalments, and the r^tpective Numbers and Letters to which such Sums so re-maftung unpaid shall respectively relate; and the said respective Commissioners shall, upon Reference to their private Books, by Notice in Writing under the Hands of any two of them, to be transmitted to the Person or Persons, or the Chamberlain, Treasurer, Cashier, or other Officer aforesaid, of any Body, Corporation, Company, Fraternity, or Society, making such Default, require him, her, or them, to pay the Sum so in Arrear within a Time to be fixed in such Notice; and if any Person or Persons so charged, or if the Chamberlain, Treasurer, Cashier, or other Officer aforesaid, of any Body, Corporation, Company, Fraternity, or Society, so charged, shall neglect to pay the same within the Time limited in such Notice, it shall be lawful for the said tespective Commercial Commissioners for the last mentioned Purposes, and they are hereby required to issue their Warrant for the levying the Sum and Sumsfo in Arrear and unpaid, in such Manner, and to such Effect and Purpose, as any other of the Commissioners before mentioned for the Purposes of this Act may, under this Act, or the Commissioners appointed to carry into Execution any of the said Acts tierein-before referred to, may, under the said Acts, levy any Money due to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of the Rates and Duties charged and levied under this Act, or the said Acts so referred to, or any of them.

Arrears within a certain Time 5 and on Failure of Payment may issue their Warrant for levying the same [$<vc. 22. §16, 3cc

For the City of London, and its Vicinity, (including Westminster, Southwark, the Bills, of Mortality, Mary le-bone, Pancras, and every Parish

CX. And be it further enacted, That within and for the City of London and its Vicinity, as herein after mentioned, videlicet, the City and Liberty of Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, the several Parishes within the Bills of Mortality, and the Parishes of Saint Mary le-bone and Saint Pancras, and all Parities within the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Kent, and Surrey, any Part whereof shall be situate within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, there shall be appointed twenty-four Persons, qualified as herein after is required, who shall be Commercial Commissioners within the said District, or such other less Number as can be found therein so qualified, to ascertain the Income of Persons engaged in Trade and Manufacture resident

54 C. 13. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

in Middlesex, Essex, Kent, and Surrey, any Part of which is within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange,) 24 Persons shall be appointed, (qualified as in j 114.) to be Commercial Commissioners for such District, and 24 Others as Assistants-

within the said District, and of all such Bodies Politick and Corporate (except Corporations Sole refining without the said District,) Companies, Fraternities, and Societies of Persons in Great Britain, who shall be deflrous of being assessed under the said Commissioners, and also twenty-four other Persons, in like Manner qualified, or such less Number as may be found therein so qualified, to act in the Assistance of the said Commercial Commissioners, and that three of the Persons so to be appointed Commissioners, and three of the said Assistants, shall be named by the Mayor and Aldermen of London, out of twelve Persons, six of whom shall be Alderman, to be returned to them by the Common Council as aforesaid, three other Commissioners and three other Assistants by the Governors and Directors of the Hank of England, three other Commissioners and three other Assistants by the Directors of the said United Company trading to the East Indies* three other Commissioners and three other Assistants by the Governors aforesaid and Directors of the South Sea Company, two other Commissioners and two other Assistants by each of the respective Governors and Directors of the several Insurance Companies before mentioned, and two other Commissioners and two other Assistants by each of the Grand Inquests as aforesaid, having been returned to serve for the several Counties of Midale/ex, Essex, Kent, and Surrey, as before mentioned.

abts; three such Commissioners and three fvrch Assistants to be named by the Mayor and Aldermen, out of 12, (fix being Aldermen,) tpbere-tumedby the Common Council; three by the Bank, three by the East India Company, three by the South Sea Company, two by each of the two Insurance Companies, and two by the Grand Jurors of each of the said four Counties.

cr Birmingham, Liverpool, Leeds, Manchester, King's Lynn, and Glasgow, and for such other Cities, &c. as the respective Persons, empowered to nominate Commissioners, shall think proptr, Commercial ' and Assistants shall be appointed by such Inquest, toad for such Towns, and certain Districts in the Vicinity of eash j

CXI. And be it further enacted, That, within and for the several Towns and Places herein after mentioned, videlicet, Birmingham, Liverpool, Leeds, Manchester, King's Lynn, and Glasgow, and such Cities and other Towns and Places in Great Britain, (Regird being had to the Extent of Trade and Manufacture thereof,) as the Persons who are respectively empowered to nominate Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, for the County, Riding, Shire, or Stewartry at large within which such Place shall be fuuate, shall think proper to name Commercial Commissioners to act therein for such Purposes as aforesaid, there shall be appointed by the said Persons so empowered, so many Persons, qualified as herein is required, to be Commercial Commissioners within and for such Cities, Towns, and Places respectively, and within and for such Parishes and Places in the Vicinity of such Cities, Towns, and Places respectively, as the refi>ective Inquests before mentioned shall think proper to be included in the same Diftridh with such Cities, Towns, and Places respectively; and the said last mentioned Persons to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be Commissioners to ascertain the Income of Persons engaged in Trade and Manufacture resident within the said respective Dif-tri&sv and of all such Bodies Politick and Corporate, Companies, and Societies of Persons in such DistridU respectively, who shall be deflrous of being assessed under the said Commissioners respectively; and in every such District there shall also be appointed so many Persons, qualified as herein is required, to act as Assistants to the said respective Commercial Commissioners within their Districts; provided that the Number of Commissioners to be appointed for each such District as aforesaid shall not be less than three nor more than twelve, and that the Assistants to be also appointed for each such District shall not be less than three nor more than twelve.

not less than three, nor more than twelve Commissioners for each District.

For Bristol,

CXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That within and for the several Cities, Towns, and Exeter, Hull, Places herein after mentioned, videlicet, Bristol, Exeter, Hull, Newcastle-upon-Tyne, Norwich, and Edin-Newcastle- burgh, and a'so such other Cities, Towns, and Places, in Great Britain, being respectively Counties of

KtalTid themselves, for which the said Jurors for the respective Counties at large as aforesaid Hull think proper that

E.Hhiburghd Commercial Commissioners should be named, there shall be appointed by the respective Persons acting as such other Cities Magistrates or Justices of the Peace for such Cities, Towns, and Places respectively, being Counties of bring Counties themselves act aforesaid, so many Persons, qualified as herein is required, to be Commercial Commissioners of themselves, within and for such Cities, Towns, and Places respectively, and within and for such Parishes and Places in

A^lthink^fir ^le Vicinity of such Cities, Towns, and Places respectively, as the respective Inquests for the Counties at

(with their large before mentioned shall think proper to be included in the same Districts with such Cities, Towns, and

Vicinities,) Places respectively; and the said Uft mentioned Commissioners, after their Appointment by the respective Commercial Magistrates and Justices of the Peace of the Cities, Towns, and Places, being Counties of themselves as

Commit oners aforesaid, shall have and exercise the like Powers, and in as ample a Manner as if they had been respectively

ents fc"e. 22 " appointed by the respective Inquests of the Counties at large.

\ 1 j.J shall be appointed by the acting Magistrates of the said Cities, &c.

Any Trader

*cli.lin< in the County where such Comnitr-ci .1 Corumif ftontrs are appointed .(though not reftdent wiftiin their Di ft rid) imy tried* to be afll*fled by them; or (in case no inch Co nmi flioners use appointed ia.

CXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons engaged in any Trade of Manufacture, and residing in the County, Riding, Shire, or Stewartry, where any such Commercial Commissioner shall be appointed, (in case any such Commissioners shall be so appointed in1 such County or Riding,) although not resident within the District of the Commercial Commissioners, shall and may be charged to the Rates and Duties granted by this Act by such Commercial Commissioners, if such Person or Persons shall prefer such Charge, and purlue the Rules and Regulations hereinbefore prescribed for causing such Charge to be made; and in case no such Commercial Commissioners shall be so appointed in the County, Riding, Shire, or Stewartry, where such Person or Persons shall reside, then such Person or Persons may apply in like Manner to the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, for the Division or Place where such Person or Persons shall reside, and the respective Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act shall in any such Case require the Assistance of any two or moie Persons whose Names shall be inserted in the Lift made out by the Jurors upon the Grand Inquest of the County, Riding, Shire, or Stewartry, where such Division or Place shall he situate, and (lull, in ascertaining the Charge to be made upon such Person or

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 13. 55

that county) then by the other Commissioners under this Act, assisted by two Persons from the Grand Jurors* Lift* who shall then aft as Commercial Commissioners

Persons, pursue all such Rules, Directions, and Regulations, and shall have such Powers as are herein-before prescribed and given for the Conduct of Commercial Commissioners especially appointed under this Act as

aforesaid; and the Sum so charged shall be paid and accounted for in the same Manner., fionmufider v

CXIV. Provided always* and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commercial Commissioner under this Act, or as an Assistant to such Commissioners, who shall not be fcifed or possessed of an Estate of the like Nature and Value as is herein-before required for a Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act as aforesaid, for a County at large; and if any Person, not qualified as aforesaid, shall act in the Execution of this Act as a Commercial Commissioner, every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered by the said first

recited Act* § :} Acting without such Qualification, to forfeit tool*

CXV. And be it further enacted, That every Person to be appointed a Commercial Commissioner as Commercial aforesaid, before he shall begin to act therein, (except in administering the Oath herein referred to,) Commissioner/ shall take the same Oath as is herein-before required to be taken by a Commissioner for the Purposes of

Contort erciai Commissioner! shall be qualified as other Commifiloners under this Act fora County at IS"

this Act; which Oath so taken shall be subscribed, and the Names of the Persons taking the same shall ^cCrcommif-be transmitted in the Manner before directed with respect to the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act. oners, and r

i subscribed, &c. (according to § aa.) [See additional Oath, c. 41.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person to be appointed an Assistant to the Commercial Assistants to Commissioners, shall before the said Commissioners take the following Oath; (that is to say,) to°uke the

|pg

I A.B. do swear, That in the Execution of an Act, [here set forth the Title of this Act.*] I will in all Re- 0alh \-1 1 fp?£te aft fairly, honestly, and impartially, and without Favour, Affection, pr Malice, to the best of [Jg^dfee 1.4*1 my Knowledge and Bdief; and that I will not disclose any Particular contained in any Schedule of In- %S.J come of any Person, Body Politick or Corporate, Company, Fraternity, or Society of Persons what- ever, which shall be shewn to me in the Execution of the said Act, except in such Cases only where it shall be necessary to disclose the same for the Purposes of the said Act, or in order to, or in the Course of, a Prosecution for Perjury committed in any Matter relating to such Schedule.

So help me GOD.*

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Commercial Commissioners shall and may Commerce* ‘ appoint and employ 3 Clerk, and such other Officer or Officers as may be necessary, with the Consent and Coiwniffioneii Approbation of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three of them, and shall and may give and ad- -ay-cmp. y minister to such Clerk, and other Officer or Officers respectively, an Oath for their faithful Demeanor in all Things relating to the due Performance of the Trusts reposed in them by the said respective Commercial Commissioners, and also the Oath herein-before required to be taken by Clerks to* the respective Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, which Oath shall be duly subscribed by the Parties taking the same; and the said respective Commercial Commissioners shall and may from Time to Time, at their discretion,

dismiss and discharge such Clerk, or other Officer or Officers, and appoint others in their Place; and the __________

said Clerks and other Officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the said Trusts in them Corami^onm* respectively reposed, without taking any Thing for such Service, other than such Salaries or Rewards as the The Clerk to said respective Commercial Commissioners, with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, shall allow, in Manner herein after directed. (htU^iSowel

by the Commissioner*, with the Approbation of the Treasury*

Clerk, who shall take ait Oath of Fidelity, andaflb the Oath required (by 4 35* and feec,41. \ 81) for'Clerks to

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of The Treasury them, for the Time being, are hereby respectively authorised, from Time to Time, to direct the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, or the respective Receivers General before mentioned, as may be -most ccWerTccneral convenient, to advance and pay, out of the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties granted by this to pay the Ex-, Act, to such Person or Persons as the said respective Commercial Commissioners, or the major Part of pences of the \ them.acting for any District as aforesaid, shall respectively name, such Sums of Money as shall appear to Commercial the said Commissioners of the Treasury necessary for the last mentioned Purposes of this Act; which Sftms *Comn^onw fq to be advanced shall be applied for the Payment of Allowances, and in defraying all other necessary Charges and Expences in or about the Execution of this Act, in respect to the Commercial Commissioners, without other Account than before the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury.

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the said Rates and Duties, (the ne- The Money cessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted,) and also all Monies to be received at thfe raised under thfo Bank of England under this Act, shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's £x- bcpaW

chequer, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Revenues and that there shall be pro- and

wided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer a Book or Books, in which all the Account ’ the Montes artfing from the said respective Rates and Duties, or received at the Bank of England, and paid thereof kept ' into the G&id Recemt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and ap%rt from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever; and the said Monies so paid into the said Receipt, shall be subject and liable to the Uses and Purposes herein after mentioned-CXX. And whereas all the Monies arising from the Additional Rates and Assessments, or from Pay- Recital of the ments at the Bank of England, by virtue of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, ££Dutfe*1 4 An Act for granting to his Alaje/ly an Aid md Contribution for the Prosecution of the War^ together with the u^der 38 Geo. 3.

Duties c, *6. 97.).

Recital of the Application of the Duties under 38 Geo. 3.

56 C. 13. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

and of the Duties under under 38 Geo. 3. C. 76 ($38.)

All Money luifed under Wwfc Acts, and also under this Act, not exceeding seven Millions, shall be applied to tile Services of the Year 1798 j or in paying the Intmft of the Loan of ’eight Mil-ion* rail ed la ft Session j Tfie soft

the Surplus to be appropriated to the Services of the Year 17991 or of anyfub-foquent Year, Specifically charged on the t said Duties, not exceeding ten Millions in any one Year; next ip Payment of the Interest of afoy Loan* to be

Specifically charged thereon 3 and lastly, in the Purchase of Stock to the Amount of the 'Stock created by such Loans: The Money to be issued and applied accordingly.

[SVe 38 G.

The Duties to ecafe, on the I*u; chafe, by the Commissioners of the National Debt, of Stock to the Amount of Stock created by any Loans to be specifically charged on the said Duties; as under 38 Geo. 3. Every Appeal decided on the Ground of Income, under 38 Geo. 3. e. if* shall be conclusive, except where the Party shall prove [under eft bat Act] that hie Income Ur the Year ending Feb. 5, fell short of the!

wto that Ad, 0

Dutiesj^anted by another Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods. imported and exported, and on the Tonnage f certain Ships entering outwards or inuards to or from Foreign Parts, until the signing the Preliminary Articles of Peaces not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Seven Millions, which should be paid into the said Receipt of the Exchequer, were, from Time to Time, as the same should be paid into the said Receipt, directed to be issued and applied to such Services as are in the said first recited Act mentioned :* He it further enacted, That all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Assessments by the said recited Acts granted, or from Payments at the Bank of England, and also from the Rates and Duties hereby granted, not exceeding the said Sum of seven Millions, which shall be paid into the said Receipt of the Exchequer, shall from Time to Time, as the same shall be paid into the said Receipt, be issued and applied either to the Services voted by the Commons of Great Britain, in the said last Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; or to the Payment and Discharge of all Annuities, Interest, and Dividends which have or shall become payable in consequence of the Loan of eight Millions raised by virtue of another Act passed in the said last Session of Parliament; and that, after issuing or reserving at the said Receipt of Exchequer, out of the said Monies, such Sums as shall be sufficient for the Purposes aforesaid, the Surplus of the said Monies, as the same shall arise and be paid into the said Receipt, shall be and are hereby appropriated for the Services which shall then have been voted by the Commons of Great Britain for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, or shall be voted by the said Commons for the Service of any subsequent Year, not exceeding ten Millions in any one Year and which shall be specifically charged on the said Rates and Duties by any Act or Acts to be passed for that Purpose; and in the next Place for the Payment and Discharge of all Annuities, Interest, and Dividends which shall become payable in consequence of any Loan or Loans, which shall also be specifically charged on the said Rates and Duties by such Act or Acts; and lastly, for the Purchase of Publick Annuities to the Amount of the Annuities which may be created on such Loan or Loans 3 and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are or is hereby authorised and required to issue and apply the same for the Services of each Year successively, to such Amount yearly as shall have been then voted by the Commons of Great Britain, not exceeding ten Millions in any one Year and in the next Place to the Payment and Discharge of the Annuities, Interest, and Dividends which shall become payable in consequence of such Loan or Loans, as and when the same shall become payable; and that, after applying such Part of the said Monies as shall be sufficient for the Services of each Year successively as aforesaid, and for the Payment and Discharge of all such Annuities, Dividends, and Interest as aforesaid, or reserving the same at the said Receipt of Exchequer, the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the Lord f^igh Treasurer for the Time being, are or is hereby authorised and required to issue, from Time to Time, the Surplus of the said Monies arising from the Rates and Duties by this Act granted, during the Term for which the said Rates and Duties are hereby granted, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be placed to the Account of the Commissioners appointed by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for applying certain Sums annually to the Reduction of the National Debt, who shall apply the same in Payment for the Purcftafc of any Publick Annuities, in the Manner directed by the said recited Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, so long as the (amc shall be so applicable under and by virtue of this Act.

3. C.X6. V9*»99» 100 3

CXXI. And be it further enacted, That upon the Purchase by the said Commissioners appointed for the Reduction of the National Debt out of the Monies to arise as aforesaid, of Publick Annuities to the Amount of all the Annuities which may be created on any Loan or Loans specifically to be charged on the said Rates and Duties as aforesaid, the said Rates and Duties shall be determined in the Manner directed by the said last mentioned Act, and all the Powers. Provisions, and Rules, contained in the said last-men-troned Act, for illume and applying the Monies arising from, and for determining the Rates and Assessments granted thereby, shall severally and respectively be in full Force, and put in Practice, for the issuing and applying the Monies arising from, and for determining, at the Period herein mentioned, the Rates and Duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in this present Act. c. 16. $ 101, &c.

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Appeal on the Ground of Income, once heard and determined, under and by virtue of the said Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, for granting an Aid and Contribution as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive during the Continuance of the Rates and Duties granted by the said Act, as is herein-before limited, except where the Party shall alledge and prove, in the Manner directed by the said Act, that his or her Income, during the Year ending on the fifth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, fell short of the Sum mentioned in his or her Declaration by a stated Sum; in which Case, and also where the Income of any Person has been diminished from any specifick Cause arising after the Time allowed for hearing Appeals in the Year preceding the said fifth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, it shall be lawful for the respective Commissioners for hearing and determining Appeals under the said Act, to give Relief to the Appellant or Appellants in the Manner directed by the said Act.

Sum declared, or was diminished Oram fbmc specifick Cause; [fee §7* of that Act\ in which Case* the Commissioners of Appeal, may give Relief.

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 13, 14. 57

[Justices of

CXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace residing near the Place where the Offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any Offence against this Act, which subjects the Offender to any pecuniary Penalty not exceeding twenty c/^under this" Pounds; which said Justice of the Peace, is hereby authorised and required, upon any Information exhi- Act where the bited or Complaint made in that Behalf, within three Calendar Months alter the Offence committed, to Penalty does summon the Party accused, giving to each Party three Days Notice to appear, and also the Witnesses on not exceed 2d.; either Side, and to examine into the Matter of Fast, and upon Proof made thereof, either by voluntary Confession of the Party accused, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or other- Months/ sum-wife, as the Case may require, to give Judgment or Sentence for the Penalty or Forfeiture as in and by this moningW Act is directed, to be divided one Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish or Place where the Offence Paity accused shall be committed, and the other Moiety thereof to the Informer or Informers, and to award and issue out and WitDeires his Warrant, under his Hand and Seal, for the levying the said Penalty adjudged, of the Goods of the *ift o^Confcf-Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof in case they shall not be redeemed within six Days, render- flon 0£ t|le ing to the Party the Overplus, (if any); and where the Goods of such Offender cannot be found sufficient Party, or Oath to answer the Penalty, to commit such Offender to Prison, there to remain for any Space of Time not ex- of one Wit-ceeding fix, nor less than three Calendar Months, unless such pecuniary Penalty shall be sooner paid and ne|*: TheJ^r faisfied; and if either Party shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justice, t the^oor and then he and they shall and may, upon giving Security to the Amount of the Value of such Penalty and For- Htif to the ln-feiture, together with such Costs as shall he awarded in case such Judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to the former; to be Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding, Division, Shire, levied by DiC-Stewartry, or Place, which shall happen after fourteen Days next after such Conviction shall have been made, and of which Appeal reasonable Notice shall be given, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine ^Offender to Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the Judgment of such

suffer not more

Justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Justices to award the Person or Persons appealing to pay such than fix, nor Costs occasioned by such Appeal, as to them shall seem meet: Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice^ where he shall see Cause. to mitigate and lessen such Penalties as he shall think fit, (reasonable Costs and Charges of the Officers and Informers, as well in making the Discovery,

as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed over and above such Mitigation,) and so as such Mitigation doth not reduce the Penalties to less than the Moiety of the Penalties incurred over and above the said sessions, who Costs and Charges, any Thing contained in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding. may award

Costs. Penalties may be mitigated to one Half, over and above the Informer's Costs.

CXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament. pefied this

Section.

0*1 T Schedule to this Act was repealed,»and a new one framed in its Stead by Cap. 22. of this Sejpon; to w. as. 4s. which latter Schedule all the Notes in this Chapter now refer, except that in §52. referring to the following 7*-!

Form, for which no Substitute is provided in c. 22.

(F)

PRECEPT of the COMMISSIONERS.

WE being of the Commissioners appointed to carry into Execution the general Purposes of an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act [herefet forth the Title of the Act] for the of do hereby require you to return, or cause to be returned, within the Space of ten Days after the Date of this our Precept, at our Office, situate at between the Hour of in the Forenoon and the Hour of in the Afternoon, unto us, or such of the Commissioners appointed for the Purposes aforesaid, for the said of who shall be there prefeot

at the Time of making your Return, a Schedule of Particulars of Property from which your Income, chargeable under the said Act, ought to be estimated, with the Amount of Deductions to be made therefrom, under the Heads contained in, and according to the Forms hereunto annexed, or such of them as the Case shall require. Thereof fail not.

Given under our Hands, this Day of .]

---

CAP. XIV.

An act for exempting, during the present war, certain persons, serving in volunteer corps, from being ballotted for the supplementary militia, under certain conditions; and for making out new lists of men liable to serve in the said militia.

[9th January 1799.]

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

[37 Geo. 2. c. 3.]

intituled, An Act for providing an Augmentation to the Militia, to be trained and exercised in the Manner therein directed, and for enabling his Majesty to cause the same to be embodied, in case of Necessity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms; all Persons serving in any Corps of Volunteers raised by virtue of an Act,

58 C. 14. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

[34 Geo. 3. c. 32. and]

passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging and disciplining such Corps or Companies of Men as shall voluntarily enrol themselves for the Defence of their Counties, Towns, or Coasts, or for the general Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War, and who should have been duly enrolled in such Corps on or before the twentieth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, are exempted from being liable to serve personally, or to provide a Substitute, in the said Supplementary Militia to be raised by virtue of the said first-recited Act: And whereas it will be conducive to the further Security and Defence of these Kingdoms, that the said Exemption should, under certain Conditions, be extended to all Volunteers raised, or to be raised, under the said last mentioned Act, or under an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament,

[38 Geo. 3. c. 27. recited.]

---

Persons enrolled in any Volunteer Corps, raised under the Acts of the 34th and 37th of his present Majesty, shall not, on certnin Conditions, be liable to serve or provide a Sub-ftiture in the Supplementary Militia.

intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm during the present War \ and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their Property, by such Measures as may be necessary for that Purpose May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in every Case where any Volunteer Corps of Infantry or Cavalry, raised under the said Acts passed in the thirty-fourth and thirty-seventh Years of^e Reign of his present Majesty, or under either of the said Acts, shall consent and agree, in Manner herein after mentioned, when called out, to place itself under the Command of any General Officer within the Military District where such Corps maybe formed, to serve in any Part of the said District in case of actual Invasion, or of the actual Appearance of the Enemy on the* Coast, or of the Danger of Invasion being so imminent as to make it adviseable for the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, or any of them, to give Orders for the Removal of Castle, Corn, or any other Articles which may be of Advantage to the Enemy, or useful to the publick Service, in the Manner mentioned in the said last mentioned Act, or shall consent and agree, or shall have consented and agreed, to any other more extensive Conditions of* Service, all and every the Persons enrolled, or to be enrolled, and serving in such Corps, shall be exempted from being liable to serve personally, or to provide a Substitute to serve, in the said Supplementary Militia,

Consent of the Corpito the Conditions to be certified by the Commanding Officer, and added to the Muster RoU, and t ran (rxiined to the County Lieutenant, and the Consent of Persons hereafter enrolled to be signified to the

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Consent of any such Corps of Volunteers to the Terms and Conditions of Service herein-before mentioned, or to any other more extensive Conditions of Service, shall be certified under the Hand of the Commanding Officer thereof, and that such Certificate shall be added to the Muster Roll herein after mentioned, and shall, together with such M ufler Roll, be transmitted by such Commanding Officer to the Lieutenant of the County or Place where such Corps shall be raised 3 and that the Consent of each Person hereafter to be enrolled in such Corps to the Terms and Conditions of Service so agreed to by such Corps, shall be signified jo the Commanding Officer thereof, under the Hand of every such Person respectively, at the Time of his Enrolment in such Corps; and that such Consent shall thereupon, in every such Case, be certified by such Commanding Officer, together with the Return of the Enrolment of such Person, to the Lieutenant of the County or Place where such Corps shall be raised, or to such Person as may be appointed by such Lieutenant to receive such Certificates.

Commanding Officer, &c. 9

The Names of

Volunteers now enrolled to be entered on a Muster RoU, and transmitted to the County Lieutenant by Feb. 10, >799 j and monthly Returns of Persont enrolled after the pa (Ting of thisAg, to be

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Names of all such Volunteers, now enrolled and serving in any such Corps, shall be entered oft a Muster Roll, a Copy of which shall be transmitted to the Lieutenant of the County on or before the tenth Day of February next, signed by the Commanding Officer of the Corps or Company to which such Volunteer shall belong; and that monthly Returns, specilying the Enrolment of all such Persons as may after the passing of this Act be enrolled in any such Corps, shall be, in like Manner, transmitted by the Commanding Officer thereof to such Lieutenant, or to some Person appointed by him to receive the same; and that all such Muster Rolls and Returns shall be certified by such Lieutenant, or other Person as aforesaid, to the Clerk of the General Meetings of the Lieutenancy, within ten Days after they shall have been so transmitted; and the said Clerk of the General Meeting is hereby required forthwith to transmit Copies thereof to the several Subdivision Meetings holden for the Purpose of hearing Appeals against the Militia Lift returned from each Parish.

transmitted, in like Manner, and certified by the Lieutenant to the Clerk of the General Meeting, who shall fend Copies to the Subdivision Meetings lor hearing Appeals.

Muster Rolls to be transmitted yearly to the County Lieutenants, and certified by them to the Clerks of the General t Mcetin/s, and the Commanding Officer to annex a Certificate that the Pci font inserted in the Roll have duly attended hxcmlc.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That fresh Muster Rolls shall, in the present and every future Year, be transmitted in the like Manner to the Lieutenant of the County, or other Person authorised as aforesaid to receive the same, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of December, and shall becerti-fied by him to the Clerk of the General Meeting thereof by the fifth Day of January following, in the Manner and for the Purposes herein-before mentioned; and that the Commanding Officer so transmitting the same shall annex thereto a Certificate signed by himself, certifying that he has not, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, inserted in the said Muster Roll the Name of any Person who has not, since the Date of the passing of this Act, (or since the Date of his Enrolment, if the same shall have been posterior to the passing of this Act,) duly attended at the Exercise of the Corps, unless prevented by Sickness, or by such other sufficient Reason as shall have been duly allowed by the Commanding Officer; and no Person shall at any Tune be entitled to claim such Exemption as aforesaid, unless his Name shall be found either on the last Muster Rolls which shall have been so transmitted and certified as aforesaid, or on some monthly Return which shall be posterior thereto.

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 14. 59

[No Person to be

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be entitled to claim such Exemption as aforesaid by reason of his Enrolment and Service in any Corps of Volunteers, unless the Commanding Officer thereof entitled to Bx-shall, at the Times of transmitting the Muster Rolls of such Corps in Manner aforesaid, certify at the Foot

thereof that such Corps has been in(pe3ed ^it least once in the Space of the three Months immediately pre- i,g Officer breeding the Date thereof, by some General or Field Officer of his Majesty's Regular Forces; or, if such tify that the Inspeaion shall not have taken place, that such Corps is ready and willing to befo inspe3ed, at lead twice in Corps hat been the six Months immediately following, at its usual Place or Places and Times of Meeting; Copies of which infPe^cd Certificates shall be certified by such Lieutenant to the Clerk of the General Meeting, and by him to the \ Subdivision Meetings, together with the Muster Rolls. Field offiSr,

or that it is ready to be injpe&ed. Copies of Certificates to be certified to the Clerk of General Meetings.

VI. And, with a View to the better Execution of this A 3/ be it further enacted, That his Majesty's County Licute-

Lieutenants of the several Counties and Places in Great Britain, shall, once in every Year, transmit to one na"ts to.trans'’ of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State an Abstra3 of the several Muster Rolls so transmitted to them sccrcu^of respectively within the Year; which Abstract shall express the Names of the several Corps, the Number of state, an Ab-Persons enrolled and serving therein respectively, their Conditions of Service, and whether the same have stra&of the been inspected, or are willing to be inspe3ed, as aforesaid. D/'"‘

VII. And be it further enacted, That Muster Rolls, Returns, and Certificates, respectively made up, returned, and certified, according to the several Forms thereof, A.B. C. and D, annexed to this Act, shall be deemed to be sufficient and valid for the Purposes of the same; but that if^ from any Variation of Circumstances, or other Reason, these Forms should not be strictly adhered to, Instruments of a similar Import may nevertheless be deemed sufficient for the Purposes aforesaid.

Muster Rolls. Muster Rolls, &c. in the Forms annexed, or In-struments of a similar Import, to be deemed valid. At the first Ge.

VIII. And whereas it may bencceflary, in consequence of the Provisions of this Act, to make out new

r.;AcnfM*n q..m;i;»;« .» be jt father enacted, That the Lieute-

Lists of Men liable to serve in the said Supplementary Militia; iuuwu wmoiwu, u«i 1.1* i^ituvw of the Licutc.

nant, together with two Deputy Lieutenants, or (on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of the nanry after Lieutenant) any three Deputy Lieutenants of every County, Riding, or Place, shall, in the Manner di- pairing this Act, re&ed by the said first-recited Act, at the first General Meeting to be holden after the passing of this Act, cause full and corre3 Lists to be made out of all Persons liable to serve in the said Supplementary Militia, for such County, Riding, or Place, and in every future Year shall in like Manner make out new Lifts, or cause the former Lists to be amended by adding new Names thereto, and striking out the Names of Persons not liable to be ballotted for the said Supplementary Militia, as the said Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants respectively shall think proper; and the said Deputy Lieutenants shall, and they are hereby authorised and Militia, to be required, at their respective Subdivision Meetings, out of the Lists which shall so from Time to Time be made outJ made out, to cause the Number of Men to be ballottfed for which shall be wanting to complete the said Sup- subdivision Supplementary Militia. Meeting. to cause the Number wanting to be ballotted for.

IX. And be it enacted, That this Act shall have Continuance during the present War, and no longer* Continuance of

and in every future Year, new Lists of the Men liable to serve in the Supplementary

FORMS referred to in the above ACT.

A.

FORM of Muster Roll and Certificates, to be transmitted by the Commanding Officers of Volunteer Corps to the Lieutenant of the County or Place, on or before the tenth of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and qn or before the twenty-fourth Day of Decembert in that and every succeeding Year.

To A.B. his Majesty's Lieutenant for the of

MUSTER ROLL of the Persons enrolled and serving in the of Volunteeers*

commanded by

N" INamc. 1 W^n. | enrolled. No. Name. lien enrOiled. No. When N "" j enrolled. Ifo. i Name. When relied. No. Name. Wheti enrolled. No. Name. f When enrolled.

.! a 3 4 5 6 7 S 9 to it IX *3 »4 M C. Z>. E. F. G.H. 1 1 Afay 1794.

Signed December 24th, 17

Commanding Officer.

Ia CER-

60 C. 14. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

CERTIFICATE.

I, K.L. Commanding Officer of the ________ do hereby certify, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for exempting, during the present War, certain Persons, Serving in Volunteer Corps, from being ballotted for the Supplementary Militia, under certain Conditions; and for mating out new Lists of Men liable to serve in the said Militia; that the Conditions of Service agreed to by the said Corps of are as follows 5 'j

videlicet. That the said Corps has consented, (here Specify the Conditions of Service); and that all and J

every the Persons named in the above Muster Roll have duly signified to me (or other Commanding Officer of the Coifs) their Consent thereto*;

[N.B. The following Paragraph is to be omitted in the Muster Roll to be sent on or before the tenth (/February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine: but is to be inserted in all those to be transmitud on or before the twenty fourth of December in each Year, j

(And I do further certify. That I have not, to the belt of my Knowledge and Belief, inserted, or caused to be inserted, in the above Muster Roll, containing (Specify the Number) Names, the Name of any Person who has not, since the Date of the passing the said Act of the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, [or fmee the Date of his Enrolment, if the same has been posterior to the paffirg the said duly attended at the Exercise of the Corps, unless prevented by Sickntis, or by such other sufficient Realonashath been duly allowed by me, or by the Commanding Officer of the Corps for the Time being.)

And I do further certify. That the said Corps (hath, in the Course of the three Months immediately preceding the Date hereof, been inspected by A.B. General (or Field) Officer in his Majesty's Service,) or,

(hath not within the last three Months been infoefted in the Manner required by the said Act, but is ready and willing to be so inspected, as in the said Act is provided).

Signed AT. Z.

Dated the 17 Commanding Officer.

B.

FORM of Consent of each Person hereafter'to be enrolled in any Corps of Volunteers, to the Conditions

of Service thereof.

To AT. Z. Commanding Officer of the of Volunteers.

I, C.D. having enrolled myfelfin the said Corps, do hereby consent and engage myself to the Conditions of Service thereof, videlicet, [hereSpecify the Conditions of Service, either in the Words of this Atl* or otherwise, as the Case may be.] Signed Cy Z>.

Dated the 17

C.

FORM of Monthly Return and Certificate of Volunteer Corps, to be transmitted by the Commanding Officer thereof to the Lieutenant of the County or Place.

To A.B. his Majesty's Lieutenant for the of

MONTHLY RETURN of the of commanded by

Colonel. Hout. Colonel. 0 §. M c 2 CL <3 Captain Lieut. Lieutenants. Cornets. c. 0 c: s w ft 0 s 1 9 Serjeants. Corporals. Trumpeters. Drummers. Fifers. Privates. Enrolled since lad Return. Discharged or dead since last Return.

No Names No. Names.

Signed K. L. Commanding Officers

I, K. L. Commanding Officer of the do hereby certify. That the several Persons whose Names

are herein contained, as enrolled in the said Corps since the last Return thereof, have duly signified to me, (or other Commanding Officer of the Corps,) under their Hands, their Consent to the Conditions of Service

thereof.

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 14 - 17. 61

ABSTRACT of Muster Rolls to be Yearly transmitted by the Lieutenants of Counties, &c. to one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

To M. N. one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

ABSTRACT of Mutter Rolls of Volunteer Corps within the of received by me O. A

his Majesty's Lieutenant for the same, fmce the Day of in the Year

No. Names and Defer ip -tion of Corps. Number of Persons enrolled and serv. ing the rein. Conditions of Service. When inspected, or if willing to befo, as required by the Act 39 Geo. III.

I Gentlemen and Yeomanry. 60 As required in the Act 39 Geo. III. Inspe3ed 25 Ol7. 1799.

2 Infantry. IOO Within the said Town only. Not ihfpe3ed, but willing to befo.

3 Ditto. 70 In any Part of Great Britain. Ditto.

&c. &c. See. &c. &c.

---

CAP. XV.

An act to continue, until the twenty-first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his person and government.

[9th January 1799.]

---

38 Geo. III. Cap. 36.5 recited. Persons imprisoned for High Treason,bV. may be detained till May 21,

U99' $ * ^3 *n Scotland of 1701, for preventing wrongous Imprisonment, so far as may relate to»

Treason, &c. suspended till May 21, 1799, csV. % 2- From may 21, 1799, Persons so committed to have u the Benefit of all Laws providing for the Liberty of the Subject, &c. $ 3. Privileges of Parliament not invalidated by this Act. §4. Persons against whom Indictments for High Treason are already found, to be tried thereon. §5. Continuance of Act till May 21, 1799. §6." [5/r post. Cap. 44.

---

CAP. XVI.

An Act to revive and continue, until thirty Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-six, videlicet, on the seventeenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, intituled, An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, and the islands adjacent.

[9th January 1799.]

CAP. XVII.

An Act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for those purposes, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or having been damped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to provide admissions duly stamped; to permit such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first day of Michaelmas term one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; to allow to such persons who have omitted to pay the duties on the indentures and contracts of clerks, apprentices, or servants, until the twenty-second day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, for payment of the same; to indemnify attornies who have omitted to enter their certificates according to law, and for allowing them, until the first day of Easter term, to enter the same with the proper officer; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for that purpose, until the first day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

[9th January 1799.]

62 C. 18, 19, 20. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

[3,000,000l.]

[7th March 1799.]

"Commissioners of the Treasury may raise 3,000,000l. by Loans and Exchequer Bills, before May 1, 1799, as under the Malt Act §1, 2. Exchequer Bills so issued not to be received again in Payment of any Taxes; nor exchanged before July 5, 1799. §3. Principal and Interest, with Charges, to be repaid out of certain Instalments, on any Loan of this Session, or on 39 Geo. III. Cap. 13.; and if the Instalments paid before November 20, 1799, be insufficient, to be charged on the Consolidated Fund. §4. Monies so issued to be replaced out of the first Supplies. §5. Bank of England authorised to advance the said Sum on the Credit of this Act; notwithstanding the Act 5 & 6 Gul. & Mariae, Cap. 20. or 38 Geo. III. Cap. 1. (§3.) — §6."

CAP. XIX.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred.

[21st March 1799.]

CAP. XX.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[21st March 1799.]

---

Number of Forces 52,051 including 5766 Invalids. §1."

[In Cases of Emergency the

XLVI. And whereas it may sometimes become necessary, in Cases of Emergency*, to provide proper^and

Secretary at War, by Order of his Majesty,

may authorize a 4 it is expedient that Provision should be made for enforcing prompt Obedience to such Orders as his [General or Field] Majesty may in such Cases think fit to issue in pursuance of the Powers by Law vested in him for the Advance- ment General Good and Publick Welfare of the Realm ;* be it therefore further enacted by the Au-reral of Stores thority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by his Order, distin£Uy dating that such Case of and Provisions, Emergency doth exist, signified by the Secretary at War for the Time being to any Generator Field Officer to require _ commanding his Majesty's Forces in anyX)iftrid or Place, or to the Commissary General of Stores and Provisions at Home, to authorize such General or Field Officer or Commissary General as aforesaid, by Writing under his Hand, reciting such Order of his said Majesty, to require all Justices of the Peace within their several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Liberties, and Precincts in England, Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants for any of the Purposes herein after mentioned and such Justice or Justices shall, when and as often as such Requisition in Writing as last mentioned shall be brought and shewn unto any one or more of such Justices, by the Quarter Master, Adjutant, or other Officer of the Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company, so ordered to be conveyed, or by any Officer in the Department of the said Commissary General, to issue out his or their Warrant or Warrants to the Constables, or Petty Constables, of the County, Division, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred, and Precinct, from, through, near, or to which such Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company shall be so ordered to be conveyed, requiring them to make such Provision not only of Waggons, Wains, and Carts kept by or belonging to any Person or Persons, and for any Use or Purpose whatsoever, but also of Saddle Horses, Coaches, Chaises, and other Four-wheeled Carriages usually let to hire, or kept for that Purpose; and also of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, used for the Carriage of Coals, Stone, Lime, Manure, or of Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, of any other Articles or Commodity whatsoever, upon any Canal or Navigable River, with able Men and Horses to drive,* navigate, and draw the same, as shall be mentioned in the said Warrant or Warrants, therein spe-*hlnr> nCCifyin|K cifYin8 Place or Distance in which such Horses, Carriages, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels and Men shall the Dtitance go and be conveyed; and allowing such Constables sufficient Time to make such Provision, that the neighbouring

ram may not always bear the Burthen; and in case such sufficient Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, and Men, cannot be provided within any such County, Riding, Division, Hundred, City, Liberty, or Precinct, then the next Justice or Justices of the Peace of the next County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty^ or Precinct, shall, upon such Requisition in Writing as last aforesaid being brought or shewn to any one or more of them, by any of the Officers aforesaid, issue his or their Warrant or Warrants to the Constables, or Petty Constables, of such next County, Riding, City, Liberty, Division, Hundred, or Precinct, for the Purposes last aforesaid, to make up such Deficiency; and the aforesaid Officer or Officers who, by virtue of the aforesaid Warrant or Warrants from the Justice or Justices of the Peace, are to demand the Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels therein mentioned, of the Constable, or Petty Constable, to whom the said Warrant or Warrants shall be directed, is and are hereby required at the same Time to pay down in Hand to the said Constable, or Petty Constable, for the Use of the Person or Persons who shall provide such Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, and Men, such reasonable Sum and Sums of Money as the said Justice or Justices shall in and by his or their said Warrant or Warrants order and drre£l, not exceeding

usual Rates', but the usual Rate and Hire of such and the like Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, and Men, making no Ai- according to the Length of the Journey or Voyage in each particular Case, but making no Allowance for

Jowance for PoDt

Post Horses,

Justices to issue Warrants for providing Saddle Horses and Four-wheeled Carriages, let to Hire, and also Vessels used in Canals or Navigable Rivers, with Men and Horses, for the Conveyance of Soldiers and Baggage.

Justices, on Requisition, to Issue Warrants for providing

*bcy are to go.

Officers demanding them, to pay down to the Constable, &c. for their Hire such Sumo as the Justices shall direct, not exceeding the

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 20. 63

Post Horse Duty. or Turnpike, Canal, River, or Lock Tolls (which Duty or Tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable or payable in such and the like cases, for any such Carriages, Horses. Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, whilst employed in such Service or returning therefrom); for which said respective Sum and Sums so received, the said Constable, or Petty Constable, is hereby required to give a Receipt in Writing, but without any Stamp, to the Person or Persons paying the same; and such Constable, or Petty Constable, shall order and appoint such Person or Persons having Rich Horses, Carriages, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, and Men, within their respective Liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such Horses, Carriages, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, and Men, according to the Warrant or Warrants aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and fiimish the same accordingly; and it shall and may be lawful in such cases, to and for all and every Military Officer and Officers, for the Use of whom, or of whose Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company, such Horses, Carriages, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, shall be provided in such cases, to carry and convey, and permit to be carried and conveyed, on ibe feme respectively, not only the Arms, Cloaths, Accoutrements, Baggage, Tents, and other Equipage of such Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company, but also the Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children, and other Persons of and belonging to the same; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: But if any such Officer or Officers shall force and constrain any Horse, Carriage. Boar, Barge, or other Vessel, to travel or proceed beyond the Distance or Place to be allowed and specified in such Warrant or Warrants, without the Special Licence or Order of one or more other such Justice or Justices of the Peace in that Behalf, and which Licence or Order one or more of such Justices is and are hereby authorised and required to give and make at his and their reasonable Discretion, every such Officer for every such Offence shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, Proof thereof being made upon Oath before two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the same County or Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Precinct, who are to certify the same to the Paymaster General, or other respective Pay matter of his Majesty's Forces, who is hereby required to pay the aforesaid Sum of five Pounds, according to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of the aforesaid Justices of the Peace of the same County* Riding, Diviuon, City, Liberty, or Precinct, and who is hereby empowered to deduct the same out of such Officer’s Pay.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, ira-pressed by Authority of this Act, shall be liable or obliged, by virtue of this Act, to carry above thirty hundred Weight; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any High Constable, or Petty Constable, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to execute such Warrant or Warrants of the Justices of the Peace, as shall be directed unto them for providing Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, and other Vessels as aforesaid 5 or if any Person or Persons, appointed by such Constable^ or Petty Constable, to provide or furnish any Carriage, and Man, Horse, Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, shall refuse or neglect to provide the same; or any other Person or Persons whatsoever shall wilfully do any Act or Thing, whereby the Execution of the said Warrant shall be hindered or frustrated; every such Constable, or other Person or Persons so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than twenty Shillings, to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where any such Offence shall be committed: And all and every such Offence and Offences shall and may be inquired of, heard, and finally determined, by two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, dwelling in or near the Place where such Offence shall be committed; who have hereby rower to cause the said Penalty to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels* rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner.

XLIX. And whereas the respective Sums of Money, by this Act appointed tt> be paid to the Constables by the Officers demanding such Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges* or other Vessels, may not, in many'cases, be sufficient to answer the Charge and Expence of providing the lame, insomuch that the said Constables may frequently be at great Charges, over and above what is received by them of the said Officers, to the great Burthen of the Township of which he is Constable, or elsetbe Persons providing such Carriages are griev- ously oppressed: For Remedy \vhereof, and that the said Overplus Charge may be borne by each County or Riding, at the general Charge of such County or Riding,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer or Treasurers of each respective County or Riding shall, without Fee or Rdward, pay unto such Constable all and every such reasonable Sum or Sums of Money, so by him paid or laid out for such Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the Officer requiring such Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, out of the Publick Stock of such County or Riding, according to such Rates, Orders, Rules, and Directions, as the said Justices of the Peace, in their Quarter Sessions assembled, within their respective Jurisdictions, shall, from rime to Time, during the Continuance of this Act, make, direct, and appoint, (which Orders shall be made without Fee or Reward); Regard being always had to the Season of the Year and the Length and Condition of the Wfcys by and through which such Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, are to travel and pass.

L. And in case the said Publick Stock of the County or Riding be not sufficient (over and above the other Purposes for which it was raised) to satisfy the extraordinary Charge of Carriages; Horses, Boats, Barges, and other Vessels before mentioned,’ it is hereby further enacted, That the said Justices of the Peace, irr the General Quarter Sessions, shall have Power, from Time to Time, to raise Monies upon the respective Counties or Ridings, in such Manner as they now raise Monies for County Gaols and Bridges, to satisfy the bid extraordinary Charge of Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, and other Vessels.

LV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That, from Sod tfter the said twenty-fourth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, when and as often as any Person or Persons shall be enlisted as a Soldier or Soldiers in his Majesty's Land Service, he or the

Duty or Tolls which in such Cases are not demandable. Constables- to give a Receipt without Stamp; and to order the Tories, Sec: to be provided. Military Officers may convey on them Arm*, Cloaths, Accoutrements, Baggage, Equipage, Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children, and other Persons.

Penalty on Officers forcing Horses, ice. to travel beyond the Distance specified in Warrant, without "Licence, 5l.

No Waggon, ftc. to carry above 30 Hundred Weight.

Penalty on Constables, for Neglect.

Treasurer of th*; County to repay the C6n tables* extraordinary Charges.

The Money for that Purpose how to be raised.

Persons hastily enlisting themselves may dissent before a

64 C. 20. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

shall, within four Days, but not sooner than twenty-four Hours, after such enlisting respectively, be carried before the next Justice of the Peace of any County. Riding, City, or Place, or Chief Magistrate of any City or Town Corporate, (not being an Officer in the Army,) and before such Justice or Chief Magistrate he or they shall be at Liberty to declare his or their Dissent to such enlisting; and, upon such Declaration, and returning the enlisting Money, and also each Person so difienting paying the Sum of twenty Shillings for the Charges expended or laid out upon him, such Person or Persons so enlisted shall be forthwith discharged and set at Liberty, in the Presence of such Justice or Chief Magistrate; but if such Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect, within the Space of twenty-four Hours, to return and pay such Money as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted, as if he or they had given his or their Assent thereto before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate; or if such Person or Persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily enlisted himself or themselves, then such Justice or Chief Magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to read over, or in his own Presence cause to behead over to such Person or Persons the second and sixth Se&ions of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, and to tender and administer to such Person or Persons ref|)efltively, not only the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, but also the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A); and if such Person or Persons shall take the said Oaths, then such Justice or Chief Magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his Hand the enlisting and swearing, together with the Place of the Birth, Age, and calling, if known, of such Person or Persons, in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B); and if any such Person or Persons, so to be certified, shall wilfully refuse to take the said Oath of Fidelity before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, from whom he has received-such Money as aforesaid, to detain or confine such Person or Persons until he or they shall take the said Oath of Fidelity; and every Military Officer that shall ai\ contrary hereto, or offend herein, shall incur the like Penalty and Forfeiture as is by this Act to be inflicted upon any Officer for making a false and untrue Muster; and the Penalty and Forfeiture shall be levied and recovered in the same Manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures are by this Act to be levied or recovered.

in Schedule (B). Such Persons refufmgtotake the Oath of Fidelity, maybe confined. Penalty on Officers acting contrary hereto.

LVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall receive the Enlisting Money from any Officer, (knowing it to be such,) and shall abscond, or refuse to go before, ceeded against such Justice or Chief Magistrate, in order to declare his Assent or Di (lent, as aforesaid; such Person or

as if duly cn- Persons shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and shall and may be

filled. proceeded against as if he or they had taken the Oath directed by this Act to be taken before such Justice or

Chief Magistrate.

Actt In Part,

LXXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act, so far as relates to the Allowances to be IFysVn made for the quartering of Soldiers, and providing for their Horses, or for the Provision of Carriages, Horses*

Cap. *6 1 ®oats> Barges, or other Vessels, and Men, may be altered and varied by any Act or Acts to be made in this

m gession of Parliament.

Magistrate, returning the enlisting Money and 20s. for Charges.

Such Persons not paying the Money within the limited Time, to be deemed to be enlistedj in which Case, or if they.enlist,

the Justices to read over to them the second and sixth Sections of the Articles of War, and to administer the Oath of Fidelity, and rthe Oath annexed in Schedule (A). Justices to certify the Enlist- ment in the Form

Persons refus-

SCHEDULE (A).

FORM OF OATH.

Ido make Oath, That I am by Trade a and, to the bed of my Knowledge

and Belief, was born in the Parish of in the County of and that I have no

Rupture, nor ever was troubled with Fits, and am no ways disabled by Lameness, or otherwise, but have the perfect Use of my Limbs; that I am not an Apprentice, and that I do not belong to the Militia, or to any other Regiment, or to his Majesty's Navy or Marines. As witness my Hand at the

Day of one thousand seven hundred and ninety

Sworn before me at 7

this Day of 179 J Witness present.

SCHEDULE (B).

FORM OF JUSTICE’S CERTIFICATE*

7 t A.B. one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of (or Chief Magistrate of

to wit. J A,) certify. That C. D., aged Years Feet ‘ Inches high.

Complexion, Eyes, Hair, came before me at on the

Day of 179 and acknowledged that he had voluntarily enlisted himself to serve his Majesty King George the Third, in the Regiment of commanded by And I further

certify. That, in my Presence, the second and sixth Se&ions of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion were read over to him, and that he took the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, and also the Oath above let forth.

A\B.

Videlicet, the Oath mentioned in 7 the Schedule marked ( A). C

---

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 21. 65

CAP. XXI.

An Act to amend and render more effectual two Acts, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign and the present Session of Parliament, for the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax.

[21st March 1799.]

---

WHEREAS it is expedient to make Provision for facilitating the Redemption of the Land Tax by Bishops, and other Ecclesiastical Persons, and by all Corporations; and also to explain and amend two Acts, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign and the present Session of

Parliament for the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much and such of the Provisions of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making perpetual\ subject 38 Geo. 3. to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein Jlated\ the several Sums of Money now charged in Great c. 60.

Britain as a Land Tax for one Tear, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-eight; and of another Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enlarge 39 Geo. j, the Time limited for the Redemption of the Land Tax, and to explain and amend an Act, made in the c. 6. loft Session of Parliament, intituled, 4An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein jiated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land s© nwch of the f Tax for one Tear, from the twenty fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight,' as said Acts.as require that the Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed, for carrying the said Acts into Execution, tT15

should consent to and approve of the Sale of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Heredi- of laments, in England, thereby respectively authorised to be sold for the Redemption of Land Tax, and rmners to the also, that such Sales shall be by publick Auction before the said Commissioners, or by private Contraft, ac- Sale of Land* cording to an Estimate made and verified upon Oath, and also such Provisions as require that a Schedule for redeeming should be produced, and one Month’s Notice in Writing given to the said Commissioners previously to any Hn<* such Sale, and also all such other Provisions as require the Sanction, Direction, Authority, or Concur- £.60. i *9,to. rence of the said Commissioners, to any Sale to be made by virtue of the said Acts, so far as such restrictive 29,30. 38. Provisions, or any of them, relate to any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in and39 Geo. 3. Englafid, belonging to any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, in the said Acts mentioned, which c. 6. \ 15. 3f. now are or hereafter shall be in their own Occupation, or let to Tenants at Will, or from Year to Year, or \

for any Term of Years, or which shall be leased upon or be subject to any Deinife for Years absolute, or elates* for Years determinable on Lives, for which a Fine or Premium was or shall be paid, or for Lives, where &aii4f of Bodici a Rent was or shall be reserved, or a Fine or Premium paid, shall, from and immediately after the passing Politick or of this Act, be, and the same are kereby repealed. Corporate.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from Seven Com-Time to Time, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to nominate and appoint seven (be-

Persons (being respectively Members of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council) to be Commis- Privy Coun-ftoners for the Purposes of regulating, directing, approving, and confirming all such Sales, and Contrafts cil) maybe for Sale, which shall be made by such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, for the Purpose of re- appointed, by deeming any Land Tax charged on all or any of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Heredi- the King, for taments, belonging to such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, whether in their own Occupation, or let or demised as aforesaid; and that any two or more of such Persons may do any Act, Matter, ^ration*, or Thing, which by this Act the said Persons are authorised to do. Two to be sufficient to any

III. And be it further enacted, That every Commissioner specially to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, before he shall enter upon the Execution of his Office, shall take an Oath to the Effect following j (that is to say,)

I A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the best of my Skill and Tiiclr Oath.

1 Judgement, execute the several Powers and Trusts reposed in me by an Act of the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act [Here insert the Title of this Act], according to the Tenor and Purport of the said Act.

So help me GOD.’

Which Oath shall and may be administered by any one of the Persons named to be a Commissioner to any other or others of them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Sales which shall be made from and after the passing of this An such Sales Act, by any such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies aforesaid, for the Purpose of redeeming the by Corporations Land Tax charged upon any Manors, Messuages. Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments* belonging to be made them, whether in Possession, or let or leased, upon or subject to any such Demise as aforesaid, shall be 1he"

made by and under the Direction and Authority of the Commissioners to be appointed for the Purpose of commissioners executing this Act; and such Sales shall. When approved and confirmed by the said Commissioners, or fa the Purposes any two or more of them, be as valid and effectual, in all Respects, as if the same had been made and ex- of this Act*, of. rciited in the Manner, and under and according to the several Restrictions and Regulations mentioned in t'*° at

the said recited Acts: Provided always, That no such Sale shall be valid and effectual unless two at Icaft |^rtiesnlothe of the said Commissioners, to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, shall certify their Consent thereto Sale. ard Approbation thereof, by signing and fealine the same as Parties thereto.

66 C. 2r» Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all such Bodies Politick or Corporate, and Companies, who shall be desirous of making any such Sale or Sales as aforesaid, shall do and execute all such Acts, Matters, and Things, (of completing such Sales as aforesaid, as the said Commissioners, to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, shall from Time to Time require; and all and every the Purchasers of any Manors; Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be sold by the Direction and under the Authority of the said Commissioners to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, shall pay their respdctive Purchase Monies into the Bank of England? and do all such other Acts, Matters, and Things, as by the faqj Adds are required to begone by Purchasers of Estates under the Authority of the same.

Corporations shall do all such Acts for completing S. lcs as the Commissioners shall require:

And Purchasers shall pay Money into the Bank as under former Acts.

Ecclesiastical Persons, Scz. may make such Sales with the Cqnljtnt of Commissioners only.

38 Geo. 3. c. 60. §19. ad fincm J If Statements made respecting Contracts (or such Saks are not satisfactory to ihc Commissionctb, they may require

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any Thing in the said first recited Act contained, requiring the Confirmation of certain Bodies and Persons to the Sale of any Estates belonging to Spiritual and Ecclesiastical Bodies or Persons, no further or other Consent, Authority, Approbation, or Confirmation, shall be required to enable such Sales by any Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Bodies Politick or Corporate, whether Aggregate or Sole, for the Purpose of redeeming the Land Tax charged upon all or any of his or their Estates, than such Consent, Authority, Approbation, or Confirmation, of the Commissioners to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, as is hereby required.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if the Statement made to the said Commissioners for executing the Purposes of this Act, by any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies aforesaid, respecting any such Contracts for Sale or intended Sales as aforesaid, or the Value of the Estate or Estates proposed to be sold; shall not be satisfactory to the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for them to require such Information to be given them respecting any Matters or Things relating to any such Contracts or Sales as they shall deem necessary, and to receive any Affidavits or Depositions to be made before any Commissioners or Persons who are or shall be authorised to take Affidavits in causes depending in any of the Courts at Westminster, or be-

in lor motion on fore any Justice of the Peace, respecting any such Matters or things relating to any such Contract or Sale as and reccfve aforesaid, which Affidavits or Depositions any two of such Commissioners, or any one Justice, or other Depositions, Person aforesaid, is and are hereby empowered to administer.

Scc. made before Commissioners for taking Affidavits or one Justice of the Peace.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, shall and may employ a Secretary, and all such other Officers and Persons as may be necessary; and shall and may, from Time to Time, at their Discretion, ‘dismiss and discharge such Secretary, or other Officers and persons, and appoint others in their Place.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to order and direct any Sum or Sums of Money to be issued and paid out of any Aids or Supplies granted, or to be granted by Parliament, for the Service of the Year in which such Expences shall be incurred, for the Payment of Salaries to such Secretary and Officers, and for discharging such incidental Expences as shall necessarily be incurred by the said Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as the said Lords Commissioners, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer, shall from Time to Time think fit and reasonable in that Behalf.

X. And be it further enacted, That where any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, belonging to any Bishop or other Ecclesiastical Corporation, shall be sold in pursuance of this Act, the Land Tax redeemed thereby shall be considered as Yearly Rent payable to such Bishop or Ecclesiastical Corporation, his and their Successors, over and above the reserved Rent if any, during the Demise existing at the Time of such Sale, and shall be recovered and paid as such; and the Land Tax lo redeemed shall, in all future Demises of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be added to thq ancient and accustomed Yearly Rent reserved or made payable during the Terms granted by such Demises, and shall be reserved and made payable as such accustomed Yearly Rent, during the Terms to be granted as aforesaid, and shall be recovered and recoverable as such accustomed Rent, by the like Remedies as such Bishops or other Ecclesiastical Corporations may use for the Recovery of the ancient and accustomed Rent refined upon such Demises.

XI. And be it further enacted, That when on any Sale of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be made by any such Person, Body, Corporation, or Company, by virtue of this Act, it shall be agreed, that the rurchafe* Money shall be paid by Instalments, and the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall fail or neglect to pay any of such^lniialments, or the Interest thereon, or any Pare thereof, into the Bank, in the Times stipulated in the Contract for the Payment thereof, or in the Manner required by this Act, no such Person, Body, Corporation, or Company, nor the Executors or Admini*-strators of any such Person, nor the Successor or Successors of any such Body, Corporation, or Company, shall be subject or liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture by the said first recited Act imposed, in case of Default in the Transfer of any of the Instalments agreed to be transferred on the Contract entered into by such Person, Body, Corporation, or Company, for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on their Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; nof shall the Land Tax so contracted for be revived or agaia become chargeable on the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereon the same was charged prior to such Contract; but all such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be paid, sustained, and borne by such Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns; and all thq subsequent Instalments of such Purchase Money shall be recoverable as a Debt to his Majesty upon Record* against him, her, or them, and against his, her, or their Estates, Goods, Chattels, and Effects.

Commissioners may employ a Secretary, Officers, fed

"The Salaries of Secretary, &c. and Expences of Commissioners, to4je paid by the Treasury.

Land Tax redeemed by Bishops, ic. to be in future considered as an additional Yearly Rent, on the present and all future Dean i ft s, of the Lands.

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 2fi 65$

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Mines, or Minerals, or Seams or Veips of Coal, Metals, or other Profits of the like Nature, belonging to any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be sold by any Bishop or other Ecclesiastical Corporation aforesaid, for the Purpose of redeeming any Land Tax, whether the same shall be opened or unopened, nor any Right, Title, Or Claim to open or work the same, nor any Advowson, or Right of Patronage or Presentation to any-Living or Ecclesiastical Benefice, or Right of Nomination to any perpetual Curacy, shall pass by any Conveyance of such Manors,* Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, either by express or general Words in such Conveyance, although such Advowson, Right of Patronage, or Presentation, or Nomination may be appendant or appurtenant to such Manors, Messuages, Lands, 'I enements, or Hereditaments; and such Mines or Minerals, Seams or Veins of Coal, Metal, or othei; Profits aforesaid, and such Advowsons, Rights of Patronage or Presentation, or Nomination, shall be always absolutely excepted, and reserved to (ben Bishops or other Ecclesiastical Corporations aforesaid, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were in such Conveyance expressly excepted and reserved: Provided also, That no Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which now are or shall be charged with the Payment of any Yearly Sum or Stipend, to or for the Use or Benefit of any Curate cjf any Church, Chapel, or Ecclesiastical Benefice, shall be fold, steed and discharged from such Yearly Sum or St pend, but the same shall be and remain subject and liable thereto in like Manner as if such Sale had not been made.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, to be appointed for executing this Act, to allow such Costs and Expences, attending any Sales to be made under their Authority, as they shall think reasonable, and to order and direct: that the same shall be paid and satisfied out of the Purchase Money to arise from such Sales, in like Manner as is directed in and by the said Act of the present Session of Parliament, with respect to Sales made under the Authority of the Commissioners for executing

Mbits,

shall not pat* by Conveyance'-of Land fold, nor Advowsons, &c. > though they are appendartt -to the Land; and Stipends charged on such* Lands shall remain chargeable thereon.

the said recited Acts.

Expences of Sales to be allowed by Com- ’ missioners oirt of the Purchase' Money; as under 39 Geo. 3. c. 6. §36,

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Deed or Instrument whatever, whereby any Sale or Mortgage or Grant shall be made of or out of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be sold or charged for the Purpose of railing Money for the Redemption of any Land Tax, by any such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies aforesaid, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever, although the Consideration to be expressed in such Deed or Instrument shall exceed the Sum limited by the said last recited Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That where any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be sold by any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies aforesaid, or by any Person or Persons whatever, for the Redemption of any Land Tax, under a Con trad or Agreement with the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, that the Purchase Money shall be paid into the Bank of England, in not more than fix equal Instalments, at equal Periods from each other, and to be completed within the Period of one Year from the Time of paying in the first Instalment, then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them for the Time being, at any Time after Payment of the first Instalment, to agree with the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Advance or Loan to him, her, or them, of so much Money as shall be sufficient for the immediate Completion of the Contract, upon such Terms and Conditions for securing the Re-payment of the said Principal Money so to be advanced, with lawful Inttrelt for the same, as the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them for the Time being, shall think reasonable and just, and as shall be agreed to by such Purchaser or Purchasers; or otherwise, it shall be lawful for the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, to con-rrad and agree with any other Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, for the Advance or Payment into the Bank of England, by such Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, on the Behalf of such Purchaser or Purchasers, of such Sum or Sums of Money as he, she, or they, shall desire to be advanced for the Purposes before mentioned, upon such Terms and Conditions as the said Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, and the said Purchaser or Purchasers, shall respectively agree upon.

or agree with any other Person, &c. for the Advance of such Money

Deeds, &c. in no case to be liable to Stamp *’ Duty; on Sales by Corporal ions.

[1000l. §45.]

In Cases of Sales of Land for redeeming Land Tax, where the Purchase Money is to be paid in not more than (ix lrtftal-ments into the Bank, within one Year, the Treasury may, after Payment"! of the first-instalment, advance Money* to the Purchaser for the immediate Completion of the Contract j to the Purchaser.1

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons for whom any such Sum or Sums shall be advanced for the Purpose aforesaid, shall enter into a Security for the Re-payment of the same, with Imereft, by Writing obligatory to our Sovereign Lord the King, in such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be directed by the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or by the Corporations, Companies, Societies, or Persons respectively, advancing the same as aforesaid, to be paid to our said Lord the King, by such Form of Words as Obligations to the King’s Majesty have been used to be made, and with such Conditions to be thereunder written, as between the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Parties advancing such Sums of Money, and the said respective Purchasers shall be agreed upon j and that all iiich Obligations to be so made shall be good and effectual in the Law, and shall be of the same Quality, Force, and Effect, to all Intents and Purpose?, as any Obligation made to our Sovereign Lord the King, or his Predecessors, or any of them, hath at any Time heretofore been, or now is, adjudged, received, or taken lobe; any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, That no Obligation (obit Majesty in pursuance of this Act, shaft be liable tonny Stamp Duty whatever.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if Default shall be made by any such Purchaser or Purchasers* his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, in the Re-payment of any such Sum or Sums of Money which shall be so idwoceii, either by the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or by any other Person or Persons, Bodies*

Purchasers receiving such Advance to enter into Bonds to the King (or Repayment with Imereft*

Such Bonds not liable to Stamp Duties.

On Failure in Re-payment by the Hurctwfer, the Treasury, 01 otfier Perlcjaa

69

C. 2l. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Corporations, or Companies aforesaid, or of the Interest thereon, or »ny Part thereof, within the respective Times limited by the said Obligations for the Payment thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Lords Com* midioners of the Treasury, or the said other Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies aforesaid, who shall have advanced such Sums of Money as aforesaid, and they are hereby respectively required, without further Delay, toiirue his or their Certificate or Certificates, from Time to Time, to the proper Officer of the Crown having the Management of Proceedings upon Obligations to his Majesty, requiring such Officer or Officers personally to proceed against the Person or Persons making such Default, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, for the Recovery of such Parts of the Sums advanced, as shall be then due, together with Interest as aforesaid, and such Costs and Charges attending such Proceedings as shall be by Law payable for the same; the Amount of which Principal Sums so to be levied, the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or such Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies aforesaid, shall cause from Time to Time to be ttftified by their Note in Writing, under the Hands of any Two or more of them, to such Officer or Officers, and which Sums shall be inserted in the W1 it or Process; and the like Procefc shall and may from Time to Time issue as aforesaid, as Occasion shall require; and the Sums fcvrecovered (the Costs and Charges aforesaid excepted) Avail be paid to the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, without Abatement, Deduction, or Delay, in Satisfaction of such Demands.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where any Proceeding shall be directed under the Authority of this Act, no Writ or Writs of Scire Facias shall be required to be issued, but that upon the Production of the Certificate or Certificates of the said Commissioners as before-mentioned, before any of the Barons of the respective Courts of Exchequer at Westminster or in Scotland, an Extent shall and may issue in the first Process upon the Fiat of such Baron, without any Affidavit, or other Verification or Proof

JiTue in the first Cause such Proceeding, than such Certificate or Certificates as aforesaid. ltMlance, without other Process.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That after the due Payment of the Sums advanced, with Interest as aforesaid, every Obligation entered into in pursuance of this Act being fully satisfied, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be forthwith delivered up to be cancelled; and in case any such Obligation shall have been prosecuted according to the Directions of this Act, the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, shall, by their Warrant or Warrants, direct the proper Officer or Officers of the said respective Courts of Exchequer, to enter up Satisfaction, on such Obbgation or Obligations being so satisfield as aforesaid, upon the Record, or other wise to deliver up the same to be cancelled, as the Case may require.

advaavtoff Hi*

Matey, flull lfiLcCeru ft cates to the proper Gft&cc/ of the Crown (with a Note in Writing of the Sum due, which shall be inserted in the Writ); and the same, when recovered from the Purchaser by such Officer, shall be paid into the Bank.

On the Production of such Certificate to a Baron of the Exchequer, and on his F/sr, an Extent shall

On Payment of such Money advanced with Interest, the Purchasers Bonds shall be delivered up:

And in case of Prosecution, Satisfaction entered on Record

XX. And be it further enacted, That such Process as aforesaid shall and may lawfully issue on any such Obligation as aforesaid, against the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so to be purchased as aforesaid, and all other the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and alfa the Goods, Chattels, and Effects of such Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, for the Benefit of any such Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, hiss her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, who shall, in pursuance of any such Agreement with the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, advance or lend any Sum or Sums of Money to such Purchaser or Purchasers as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Com* panics, making any such Sale or Sales, or Contrafts for any such Sale or Sales, for the Purpose of redeeming their Land Tax, to whom such Advance shall be made, shall, from and immediately after the Registry of the Contraft for the Redemption of Land Tax, have and enjoy the full Benefit of the I#and Tax which shall have been contrafted for, in the same Manner in all Respects as if they respectively had themselves completed their Contrafts by the Transfer of the whole Consideration to be transferred thereon,

on registering the Contracts for Redemption.

Proprietors of

XXII. And whereas, under and by virtue of an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his

1 nd N<hV RiVCf Patent Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Wacer Workt Britain for the Service of the Year one thousand/even hundred and ninety-eight, all Persons having any Shares Insurance Of-’ or Interests in the New River, and in the Thames Water Works, and in Marybone and Hampstead Water ficcs, the Works, and also in any Office or Stock for insuring of Houses in case of Fire, or in any Lights, or in the King’s Printing Stock or Stocks for printing of Books in or belonging to the House commonly called The King's Printing House, and House, and all Companies of Merchants in London, and the Bank of England, and also the Proprietors of the MeSm, and respective Water Works within the Town of Colchester, in the County of Essex, ^the City and County of the Bank, rate- Exeter, and the Town of Shrewsbury, are liable to pay or to be assessed towards the Land Tax charged upott aMe to the Land England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, for their respective Shares and Interests aforesaid and the afore-Tax under 38. 4 said Joint Stock or Stocks, and Profits, in the Manner in the said Act mentioned; and Doubts having

GC°* i> twfth5 4 arisen whether such Person or Persons, Companies or Proprietors, can redeem the Land Tax charged Sanding that" thereon, under or by virtue of the said herein first recited Act Be it therefore enacted, That notwithstand-Act, and cap. ing any Thing in the said first recited Act, or in an Act passed in the present Session, intituled, An Act for 3. of tins Scf- continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pcvfions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales* Aon, contrail, 0nd the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the °* Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, contained to the contrary thereof, it shall be ^htbc Com- lawful for the said Commissioners for the Purposes of the said first recited Act, to contract and agree wick ttiffifloonuA- such

Process may issue, as well against the Lands purchased as all other Lands and Goods of the Purchaser.

Pwchafm receiving such Advance, to have the full Benefit of the Land Tax immediately

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 2ir 6gr

ftch Personi, Companies, or Proprietors as aforesaid, ref^eflively, for the-Redemption of the Tax charged

by virtue of the said Act upon such their respective Shares, Interests, Joint Stock and Stocks, and Profits aforesaid, or with any individual Proprietors thereof, cither jointly or severally, for so much and such Part or Parts of the said Tax as shall be equivalent to the Share or Shares of each individual Proprietor, or any Number of Joint Proprietors, (the Amount of which Lain! Tax shall be settled and apportioned by the said Commissioners for the Purposes of the said recited Acts,) and also for all or any of such Persons, Companies, or Proprietors respectively as aforesaid, either collectively or individually, or jointly or severally, to contract and agree with the said Commissioners for the Purposes of the said first recited Act, for the Redemption of the Whole or any Part of such Land Tax, according to the Assessment and Rate made or to be made in pursuance of the said Act, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, upon the same Terms and Conditions, and in the same Manner, as in and by the said first and secondly recited Acts, and in and by this Act, is directed with respect to the Land Tax charged upon any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and from and immediately after the Registry of the Certificates of such Contracts, the respective Shares and Interests, Joint Stock and Stocks, and Profits, or the Proportion thereof comprized in such Contracts, shall be wholly freed and exonerated from the Tax charged thereon, and from all further Assessments thereof# by virtue of the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be rayed in Great Britain for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and also of the said Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Persons, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed* and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snujffor the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, or either of them*

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That when the said Commissioners for the Purposes of the said recited Acts, in any County, Riding, or Place, shall have in their Possession Copies of the respective Assessments of Land Tax charged upon the respective Parishes or Places in such County, Riding, or Place, and which shall have been transmitted to them as true Copies, by the Clerks to the Commissioners of Land Tax acting in and for any Hundred, Ward, Lathe, Wapentake, or other Division, wherein such Parishes or Places shall be situate, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, to contradi apd agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon their respective Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, although no Certificate of the Amount offueft Land Tax shall be produced and shewn to them by the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, applying to redeem the same, as by the said first recited Acts required: Provided always, That such Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, shall, ten Days at the least before such Contract shall be entered into, transmit to the Clerk of the said Commissioners for the Purposes of the said recited Acts, such and the like Schedule or Description in Writing of all and every the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, charged with such Land Tax, as is by the said Acts required to be produced to the said Commissioners of Land Tax; and the said Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Act shall cause to be inserted in such Contract the Description of stich Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments contained in such Schedule, and also a true Copy of such Assessment, so far as relates to the respective Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments contained in such Schedule, together with the Amount of the Land Tax charged thereon, according to such Copy of the Assessment as shall be in their Possession as aforesaid; and such Contract so entered into as aforesaid, shall, after the Registry thereof, be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if a Certificate of the Amount of the Land 'Lax thereby con traded to be redeemed, had been produced and shewn to the said Commissioners in the Manner required by the said first recited Act.

the Contract, fend in a Particular, &c. of the Lands charged j which, with a Copy of the Assessment, shall be inserted

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where the said Commissioners for the Purposes of the said recited Acts, shall not have in their Possession any such Copies as aforesaid of the Assessments of Land Tax charged upon any Parishes or Places, and shall have demanded, or shall cause to be demanded, the same from the Clerk to the said Commissioners of Land Tax, acting in their respective Divisions as aforesaid, which they are hereby authorised and required to do, and also in every Case where any Alteration shall be made by or under the Authority of the Commissioners of Land Tax, acting in or for any such Divisions in the Assessments of Land Tax charged therein, then and in such Case the Clerk to the said Commissioners of Land Tax for the Time being, having such Assessments in his Custody, shall, and he is hereby required, within three Days after such Application shall be made to him by the said Commissioners for the Purposes of the said recited Acts, or their Clerk, and also within three Days after any such Alteration shall be made in the Assessments as aforesaid, to make out a true Copy, fairly written, and subscribed by any two or more of them, of such Assessments so made or altered, or of so much thereof as shall be so altered, and deliver, or cause to be delivered, such Copies to the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the Purposes of the said recited Acts, in the County, Riding, or Place in which such Division shall be situate, within the Time before limited, or permit a Copy thereof, or such Parts thereof, as aforesaid, to be taken by the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Acts; and in case the said Clerk to the Commissioners of Land Tax shall refiife or neglect to make out and deliver such Copies as aforesaid, or permit such Copies to be taken as aforesaid, within three Days after such Application shall be made to them by the said Commissioners fox. the Purposes of the said recited Acts, or by their Clerk, or where any such Alteration

shall,

derjS Geo. 5, Cap. 60. for the Redemption of the Whole or any Part of the Land Tax, according to the Afle Ament under 38 Geo. 3. Cap. 5 and the Stock, Shares, &c.

shall be exonerated immediately on the Registry of the Certificates of the Corn rafts-

When the Commissioners for Redemption of the Land Tax have in their PossessioiV Copies of th* Land Tax Assessments, transmitted to* them by the Clerks to the Land Tax Commissioners* they may contract with Per-fans for the Redemption of their Land Tax without their producing the Certificate required by §17 & 38 Geo. 3. c. 60.But such Persons shall, ten Days More making in the Contraft*

Gkrks.to the LiodTax. Commissioners shall, when required by the Commissioners for Redemption, or whenever any Alteration shall be made in the Affclimer.t, within three Days-respectivt W make out Copies of such Assessment or Alteration, and* transmit them to the Commissioners for Redemption; or permit them to*‘

70*

C. 21. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

shall be made in the Assessments as aforesaid,* shall refuse or neglect to make out and deliver a true Copy of all such altered Assessments, or of such Parts thereof as shall be so altered, within three Days after such Alteration shall be made, he shall, for every such Refusal or Neglect, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered in such Manner as any Penalty may, by the said recited Acts or either of them, be recovered.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Clerk to the said Commissioners of Land 'Fax, shall, for every such Copy so made out by him as aforesaid, be entitled to have and receive, for his Trouble in making out the same, upon Application to the Receiver General of the County, Riding, or Place, or his Deputy, and on Production of a Certificate of two or more of such Commissioners of Land Tax, acting for the Division where such Assessments shall have been made, after the Rate of Four-pence for every Chancery Sheet contained in such Copy, reckoning every separate-Amount of Land Tax set down in Figures or Numbers in such Copy as three Words.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Schedule or Description of any Estate shall, for the Purpose of redeeming the Land Tax charged thereon, be transmitted in pursuance of thiS Ad, such Land Tax not exceeding the Sum of twenty-five Pounds, the Clerk to the Commissioners appointed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, to whom such Schedule shall be delivered, shall forthwith cause an Account to be transmitted to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, of the Amount of the Sums proposed to be redeemed; and whenever such Contrad shall be completed, the said Commissioners, before whom such Contract shall be enteted into, shall cause an Account to be transmitted to the Receiver General of the County, Riding, or Place in England, or to the Receiver General in Scotland, of the Name of the Party, the Amount of the Land Tax, and the Day or Days for Payment of the Consideration, which Account the Receivers General respectively shall forthwith cauie to be transmitted to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, for the Information of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury; and the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or morp of them for the Time being, are hereby, empowered to direct from Time to Time, as there shall be Occasion, sufficient Money to be advanced out of any Monies in the Hands of such Receiver* General respectively, or out of any Publick Monies in the Receipt of the Exchequer, applicable to the Supplies and Services of the Year, as to the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall seem expedient, to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, before or on the respective Days appointed for the Payment of the Sum payable on such Contracts, for Purchase of so much Capital Stock as would have been transferable on such Contract by the Party, in case the Consideration for the Redemption of his or her Land Tax had been therein stipulated to be transferred in Stock, which Sums so to be advanced shall be from Time to Time replaced by and out of the Monies to be paid upon such Contract to such Receivers General respectively, and the Stock so purchased shall be placed in the Name of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the Uses and Purposes of this Act, and as if the same had been purchased by and with the Monies paid on such Contracts.

order Money to be advanced from Time to Time by the Receiver General to the Commissioners of the National Debt, before or on the federal Days of Payment; to be laid out in the Purchase of the Stock transferrable on the Contrail, and which shall be replaced by the Money payable on such Contrails to the Receiver General.

be copied by their Clerk, on Penalty of 50l.

4//. per Chancery Sheet to be paid for such Copies*

On receiving Schedules of Estates, the Land Tax of which does not exceed 15l. the Clerk to the Redemption Commissioners shall transmit an Account to the Tax Office of the Land Tax to be redeemed: And when the Contrail is completed, the Commissioners shall transmit the Particulars 10 the Receiver General, who shall fend the same to the Tax Office; on which the Treasury may

Mode of ascertaining the Price of Stock by the Dank, v'm. From the respective Times of opening the Books for Transfer of the t per Cent* Contois to the subsequent opening of the 3 per Cent. Reduced, the Price of the Consols to be returned to the Tax Office weekly; and vice "versa, from the respective Tines of opening the 3 per Cert. Reduced to the fubfr-tfuent opening the Consols, the Price of

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Mode of ascertaining the current Price of Stock shall be as follows; that is to say, from the Time when the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be opened for the Transfer of three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, after the fifth Day of January in every Year and until the Books shall be opened for the Transfer of three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, after the fifth Day of April in such Year and so from Time to Time when the said Books shall be opened for the Transfer of three per Centum Consolidated Annuities, after the fifth Day of July in every Year, until the Books shall be opened for the Transfer of three per Centum Reduced Annuities, after the tenth Day of October in such Year, the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall, and they are hereby required' on Tuesday in every Week, (the same not being a Holiday, or being a Holiday, then on the Day preceding not being a Holiday,) to cause an Account to be made out of the Average Price at which the three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities shall have been bought on such Day, (or otherwise on the following open Day on which such Stock shall be bought, in case any Stock shall have been bought at the Bank of England on such Day,) and shall cause the same to be transmitted to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and so from Time to Time when the Books shall be opened at the Bank of England for the Transfer of three per Centum Reduced Annuities, after the fifth Day of April in every Year and until the Books shall be opened at the Bank of England for the Transfer of three per Centum Consolidated Annuities, after the fifth Day of July in such Year and so from Time to Time when the said Books shall be opened at the said Bank of England for the Transfer of three per Centum Reduced Annuities, after the tentfT Day of October in every Year and until the Books shall be opened for the Transfer of three per Centum Consolidated Annuities, after the fifth Day of January next ensuing, the said Cashier or Caftiiers shall, and they are hereby required to transmit to the Commissioners for the Adairs of Taxes, such and the like Account of the Average Price of three per Centum Reduced Annuities, as is herein-before directed to be transmitted of the Average Price of three per Centum Consolidated Annuities*

the 3 per Cent. Reduced to be so returned. 39GV0. 3. c. 6. §8-]

Persons cutting down Timber, wild tire Approbation of the Chirrs 01

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons, who by the said first recited Act is or are empowered, with the Approbation of the Court of Chancery in England, or of the Court of Session in Scotland, to cut down Timber for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on any Manors, Messuages,

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 21. 71

Lands, Tenements; or Hereditaments, shall haverentered into‘any Contrail or Contrails, or shall at any Time hereafter, before the first Day of May one thousand eight hundred, enter into any Contrail or Contrails for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or shall have made, or shall hereafter, before the said first Day of May one thousand eight hundred, make such Application to the Court of Chancery in England, or to the Court of Session in Scotland, as in the said Act is directed to be made, and as the Case may require, and shall obtain, or shall have obtained, an Order or Direction of such Court for the felling and cutting down such Quantity of Timber as may be deemed necessary for the Redemption of the Land Tax proposed to be redeemed (a Certificate of which Order or Direction shall be indorsed on the Contrail by the Register or other proper Officer of such Court); then and in every such Case it shall not be necessary to pay or transfer any Part of the Consideration for such Redemption, until the first Day of May one thousand eight hundred, although it shall have been or may be stipulated in the Contrail, that the Whole, or the first instalment of such Consideration, shall be transferred on or before any Day prior to the first Day of May one thousand eight hundred: Provided always, That the whole Amount of the Capital Stock agreed to be transferred in such Contrail shall, in every such' Case as last aforesaid, be transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, within the Period of three Years from the first Day of May one thousand eight hundred: Provided also, That it shall be lawful to stipulate for the Payment or Transfer of the Whole of the said Consideration at any one Time, or by instalments, within a lei's Period than three Years, or to pay or transfer the Whole, or any Part thereof in Advance, in such Manner, in all Respects, as in the said several recited Acts is mentioned,

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any Thing in the said first recited Ail contained, or in the Order or Direction of any such Court to the contrary thereof, the Land Tax which shall be redeemed by the Monies arising from the Sale of any Timber cut down under the Authority of either of such Courts respectively, shall, when all the instalments shall be completed, fink and become merged in the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whereon the same was charged, for the Benefit of the Person or Persons for the Time being beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits thereof; unless the Person or Persons contrailing for the Redemption of such Land Tax shall have declared his, her, or their Option to be considered on the Footing of a Purchaser thereof, in which Case the Land Tax so redeemed shall be and continue attendant upon the Estate and interest of the Person or Persons for the Time being beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Manors; Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in like Manner as in the said first recited Act is directed in Cases where the Land Tax shall have been redeemed by the Sale of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments under the said Act: Provided also, That it shall be lawful for such Courts respectively to order and diraft that the Costs and Expences in the surveying, valuing, and felling such Timber, or otherwise on Account of such Sale thereof, shall be paid and satisfied out of the Purchase Monies for the same.

Chancery or Session, for the Redemption ttf their LandTatf,

U"&.Gn-s\

c. 60. S 41.] need not make good their first Instalmenc till May I*

1800 i bat the whole Monty. mud be paid within three Years from thjt Time, and the Consideration may be transferred in Ad-. vance.

Gy. 43.

3

Land Tax redeemed by such Sale of Timber shall merge in the Lands; except where the Re-demptioner declares hit Option to be considered on the Footing of a Purchaser 5 in which Case it shall continue attendant on the Estate in the same Man-

ner as if it had been redeemed by Sale of Lands.

[&e 38 Gw. 3. c. 60. §81.] The Expenctj* of the surveying, felling, and Sale of Timber, to be paid Out of the Purchase Money.

XXX. And whereas, under and by virtue of the said first recited Act, all Persons, Bodies, Corporations, f and Companies, having any Estate or interest in, or being Substitute Heirs of Entail entitled in their Order to succeed to any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (except Tenants at Rack Rent, and others in the said Act particularly excepted,) are entitled, after the respective Times limited by the said Act, for Preference to Persons having Leasehold or other particular Estates in Possession, or Estates in Remainder, Reversion, or Expectancy, to contract for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on such their Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall not have been sold under the Powers of the said Act, but no Provision is made for the Payment or Transfer of the Consideration by Instalments, except in certain Cases be it therefore enacted, That whew any Contract shall be entered into fix the Redemption of any Land Tax, at any Time after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, by any Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, having any absolute Estate, or Estate of Inheritance, in the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, whereon such Land Tax shall be charged, or where any such Contract shall be entered into after the twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, by any Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, having any Leasehold or other particular Estate in Possession, or any Estate in Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, in such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the first instalment, or the Whole of the Consideration for such Redemption (in case the same shall be agreed to be transferred at one Time) shall be transferred orj>aid on or before such of the Quarterly Days in the said first recited Act mentioned, for the Transfer of the Consideration upon Contradlsior Redemption, as shall next happen after the Day of entering into the Contract; and upon all such Contracts where the first instalment of such Consideration shall be payable or transferrable on or at at any Time before the first Day of February one thousand eight hundred and one, the whole Amount thereof shall be paid or transferred, and all the subsequent instalments thereon completed and made good by equal instalments, at equal Intervals, within the Period of four Years, to be computed from the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and upon all such Contracts, where the first instalment of such Consideration shall not be payable or transferrable till after the said first Day of February one thousand eight hundred and one, the whole Amount thereof shall be paid or trans-frned, and all the subsequent instalments thereon completed and made good by equal instalments, at equal

38 Geo. 3. c. 60. §12, recited. \And fee

39 Geo. 3. c. 6.

h 3-]

Where Controls for Redemption shall be made, after a5 March 1799, by Persons having any absolute Eftattf or Estate of Inheritance, or after 25 June 1799, Persons having any Leasehold or particular Estate ill Possession or Reversion, the first instalment of the Consideration (or the Whole if paid at once) shall be made good on the Quarter

72 C. 21. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Intervals, within the Period of two Years from the Time of transferring or paying such first Inlblment as last aforesaid.

*799* Lands shall be charged with Land Tax from the Lady-day preceding the

D»y [/« jt

Gcq. 3. c. 60.

10 ] next

hnfuing the Contract: And where the first Instalment shall be payable or transferrable before Feb. 1, 1801, the Whole shall be paid, within four Years from May i, 2799 \ and where the first Instalment shall he payable or transferable after Feb. 1, 1801, the Whole shall be paid within two Years from the Time of making the first Instalment.

[Sir r. 43. §1: c. 108. §18.]

On Contrada

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That where any Contract shall be entered into for the Redemption

lor Redemp^ any Land Tax, at any Time after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and nine-

alfrer March ty-nine, then and in every such Case the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, the Land Tax whereof shall have been so contracted for, shall be charged and chargeable with so much Land Tax as shall have accrued and become payable after the twenty-fifth Day of March, prior to the making such Contract, up to the End of the Quarter next immediately preceding the Day of the Transfer of the hrft Instalment agreed to be transferred on such Contract, and shall only be exonerated from such Land Tax from the End of such Quarter.

Contra^ to the End of the Quarter immediately preceding the first Instalment.

No Contract

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Contract entered into after the passing of this Act, for the Redemption of any Land Tax, nor the Amount of Land Tax redeemed thereby, shall in any wile be impeached, asse#ed, or altered by the Judgement or Determination of the Commissioners,'on any Appeal from the Assessment by which such Land Tax shall have been charged, whether such Appeal shall have been made prior or subsequent to any Proceedings had under the said recited Acts for the Purpose of entering into such Contract, but such Appeal shall be decided wholly between such other Parties charged by such Assessment as shall not have entered into any such Contract, and in the same Manner as if the Contract so entered into had been completed before the making or determining such Appeal; and every Contract so entered into shall stand good, and the Land Tax redeemed thereby shall be considered as it no such Appeal had been made from such Assessment.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if such Land Tax so contracted for shall have been reduced in its Amount by any Assessment made within three Years preceding the Time of completing such Contract, such Land Tax shall then remain liable to be revised and altered (in the same Manner as if such Contract had not been completed) by any Determination on any Appeal which shall be made and de« termined in one Year next after the Completion of such Contract.

Completion of the Contract, it may he reviled and altered on Appeal within one Year after such Completion.

for Redemption, made after the passing this Act, shall he impeached or in anywise affected by any Appeal against the AflcltmcHt. c. 43. $8.]

If Land Tax contracted for shall have be n reduced within three Years before the

Former Acts and this Act to be construed together.

Affidavits may be made before Commissioners <br taking Affidavits 5 and Persons whole Affidavits are required to be produced to the Redemption-Commissioners mny be examined by them on Oath inllead.

Act may be altered or repealed this Session.

Form of Ccr tifiiare of Con ciad.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions of this Act shall, in the Execution of the said recited Acts, be used and applied, and continued in like Manner as if the same Provisions were specially enacted in the said Acts; and all and every the Provisions of the said recited Acts shall, in the Execution of this Act, except where the same are thereby expressly varied, be used and applied, extended and construed, in like Manner as if the same Provisions (except as aforesaid) were specially enacted in this Act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That any Affidavit or Affidavits required or authorised to be made by the said recited Acts, may be made before any Commissioners or Persons who are or shall be authorised to take Affidavits in causes depending in any of the Courts at Westminster, as well as before the Person or Persons before whom the same are, by the said first recited Act, directed to be made; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Acts to take such Affidavits, and they are hereby indemnified against all Persons whomsoever, and against all Penalties, for having received, before the passing of this Act, any Affidavit or Affidavits made before any such Commissioners or Persons as aforesaid, and the same shall be as valid and effectual as if the same had been made before them after the passing of this Act: Provided also, That in tdl Cases where any Affidavit or Affidavits is or are by the said firlf recited Act directed to be made and shewn to the said Commissioners, the hxamination of the Person or Persons, by whom any such Affidavit or Affidavits is or are directed to be made by and before the said Commissioners fur the Purposes of the said Act, upon Oath or Affirmation, tube administered in the Manner therein directed, shall be as valid and effectual for the Purposes of the said Act, as if the Affidavit or AiE-davits thereby required had been made, and produced and shewn to the said Commissioners.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act or any of the Provisions thereof may be altered* varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

[Step ft. c. 40. 43. 108.]

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Form of every Certificate of Contract to be made after the passing of this Act shall be in the Manner following:

IT NOW all Men, That we two of the Commissioners appointcdTor the Purposes of an Act,

intituled An AJfor making perpetualfnbjetl to Redemption and P nr chafe in the Manner therein flated^ 4 tbs several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax for one Year from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousindseven hundred and ninety-eighty for the do hereby certify,

that wc have contracted and agreed with for the Redemption by him, [her

or them, as the Caje may require 1, of Land Tax, being the Land Tax charged upon the [here insert, Manors, Mcflinges, Lands. Tenements, and Hereditaments, or such of them as the Caje may require^] herein after described, videlicet [here dtjerihe the Premtfes as from the Schedule deli- vend by the Party]; and which Premises are assessed in the Afleilmenc made for the

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 22. 73

‘of in the commissioners for the Year as follows, videlicet \herc infer t the Description of the Estate and Amount of Land Tax as in the Assessment \ and where different Parcels ajfijftd in different Sums are to be included in the same Contrail, enumerate each Parcel, and the Amount of Land Tax charged on each :*]

And the Consideration for the Redemption of such Land Tax, if the same is to be transferred in Stock,

shall be expressed as in the said first recited Act is directed; and if in Money', according to the current Price of Stock, as in the said secondly recited Act is directed.

---

CAP. XXII.

An Act for extending the Time for returning Statements under an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War; and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties; and to amend the said Act.

[21st March 1799.]

"WHEREAS it may be expedient to extend the Time for the Delivery of Lists and Statements of Income to the respective Assessors, in pursuance of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament,

[39 Geo. 3. c. 13.]

intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War; and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties; and to explain and amend the said Act;" be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[Time for miH-ing R e rums of Statements, id confluence of Notices delivered (under §38, 30, of the recited Act), before the pailing of this Act, extended to, April 5.

That the Period of fourteen Days for making the Return of any Lists or Statements of Income, or other Matters in the said Act mentioned, after Delivery of Notices for that Purpose, shall in all Cases where such Notices shall have been delivered previous to the passing of this Act, be and is hereby extended until and upon the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine $ and that every Person who ought to make a Return of such Lists and Statements, and who shall have omitted or shall omit to return the same within the Period reauired determined by the said recited Act, who, before or on the Expiration of the said fifth Day of April as aforesaid, mall make a Return of such Lists and Statements as by the said re* cited Act is required, shall be and is hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred or to be incurred for or by reason of such Omission 5 and every such Return made within the Time limited by this Act shall be of the like Force and Effect as if the same had been made within the Time limited by the said recited Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons required to return any

Lists and Statements of Income under the said recited Act to deliver under Cover, sealed up, such Part of such Returns as relates to the Statement of the Amount of the Sum or Sums intended to be paid by such Person or Persons in respect of the Ipcome of such Person or Persons, or of any Infant, Idiot, Lunatick, Married Woman, or other Person, on whole Behalf such Person or Persons shall be required to return any such Statement; which Return, under Coyer sealed up, and superferibed with a Declaration that the same contains the Statement of the Person or Persons whose Name or Names is or are signed thereto, shall be delivered within the Period herein-before, or in the said Act limited, to the Assessor or Assessors to whom such Statement ought to be delivered, according to the Directions of the said Act, and shall be as effectual as if the same had been returned to the Assessor or Assessors in the Manner directed by the said Act; and if any Assessor shall open, or cause, or procure, or permit, or fuller to be opened, any Cover, containing any such Statement so delivered, sealed, and superferibed as aforesaid, or shall neglect to take such due Care of any Statement delivered to him as aforesaid, as that any such Statement, or Cover thereto, sealed up as aforesaid, shall be opened by any Person or Persons after the same shall have been delivered to such Afleilbr, and before the same shall be delivered by such Afleilbr to the Clerk to the Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Act, as in the said recited Act is directed, or that the same shall not be kept so sealed as aforesaid, and delivered, without having been in any Way opened, to the Clerk to such Commissioners as aforesaid, every such Assessor shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of twenty Pounds*, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered under the said recited Act: Provided always, That all Lists and Returns to be made by any such Person or Persons under the said recited Act, of the Name or Names of any Lodgers or Inmates, or any Person or Persons whatever, of whose Incomes or Place of Residence any List or Return ought to be made, and all Notices of the Intention of such Person to be charged to the Duties granted by the said Act at any other Place of Residence, or of being charged thereto by any Commercial Commissioners, shall be delivered open to such Assessor or Assessors in the Manner directed by the said Act. Commercial Commissioners, to be delivered open

III. And whereas Difficulties may arise in the Execution of the said Act of the present Session of Parliament, respecting the Qualification of Commissioners to be chosen under the Authority of the said Act in certain Places :* Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said Act as requires the Qualification, con-lifting wholly of Personal Estate, of any Person to be a Commissioner for the Purposes of the said Act for any City, Borough, Town, or Place in Great Britain, such City, Borough, Town, or Place, not being a

Returns of the Amount of Income, and of intended Pay-ment thereon, may be delivered under Cover, sealed up, to the Afft fibre: Penalty on Assessors opening, or suffering the same to be opened, before they are delivered to the Commissioners, not exceeding aol.

Return of Names of Lodgers and others chargeable, or of Notices of being charged elsewhere, or by to the Aflcfiors. Certain Qualifications in § aj of the former Act repealed.

74 C. 22. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

County of itself, to be of the Value of ten thousand Pounds, or as prescribes the Qualification of any Person to be a Commissioner for the Purposes of the said Act, or a Commissioner for hearing and determining Appeals for any County at large in Great Britain, as far as respects the Counties herein after mentioned, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner for the Purposes of the said Act, within and for any City, Borough, Town, or Place, in Great Britain, other than Cities, Boroughs, Towns, and Places, being respectively Counties of themselves by virtue of any Qualification confiding of Personal Estate in the Whole or in Part, unless the same, if confiding wholly ci Personal Estate, shall he of the Value of three thousand Pounds, or shall, together with his own Estate, consisting of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be of the said Value of three thousand Pounds, (lucii

Value to be in Cell lad mentioned Call* cflimated as by the said Act is directed in respect of Qualifications confiding of Personal Eibte, raid also of Estate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,) tinder the Penalty that every Person adding without the Qualification in Lajids, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as in the said Act is mentioned, or the Qualification required by this Act, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered as the luce Penalty may be recovered by the said recited Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner for the Purposes of the said Act, or as a Commissioner for hearing and determining Appeals within or for the County of Monmouth or any of the Counties at large within the Dominion of iVahs, or in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, urrlcfs he shall be po fie lied of a Personal Estate of the like Value, or be ftiftd or possessed of an Estate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the like Nature, and of three Fifths of the Value as is required as the Qualification of a Commissioner for the Purposes of the said Act, or of a Commissioner for hearing and determining Appeals respectively within and for any other County at large in Great Britain^ under the Penalty in the said Act contained, for acting without the Qualification therein required in such cases.

Qualification torCoiunulfion-cr-j lor Chic-*, &c. not being Counties, in J’crfonni EPlate,

3^ool. 01 to that Amount, including Lands,

&c. valued together as in §26 of C. I *.

Qualification of Commissioners and Commissioners of Appeal in Monmouthshire and the Count;?, in Wales and Scotland, shall be 3-5:11$ 01 that required for other Counties at large, by §23 of c. 13. Master of the fJoufehold!, and ether Officers Who as Commissioners of Land Tax in the Liberty of the Palaces,

’may ad in the Execution of the said Act as far as relates to Assessments ’ under c. 13. without any other Qualifica-

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Master of his Majesty's Household, the First Clerk of the Household, the Clerk of the Kitchen, and the several other Officers who, by virtue of their Offices, have heretofore acted or may act in Execution of the Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, in the Liberty of the Palaces of in it eh all and St. James's* to act, by virtue of their said Offices, in the Execution of the said first mentioned Act, as far as relates to any Assessment to be made by virtue thereof on any Person or Persons within the said Liberty, without any (pedal Appointment for that Purpose; and that no other Qualification shall be required of any such Officers, who shall act in the execution of the said first mentioned Act, by virtue of their said Offices, than the Polldiion of such respective Offices and Places, and that no such Officer shall be liable to any Penalty inflicted by the said first mentioned Act, for acting in the Execution thereof as aforesaid, without being possessed of any other Qualification than such Offices respectively; provided that all Appeals from such last mentioned Commissioners shall be heard and determined before the Commissioners of Appeals appointed for the County of Middlesex. tion than the Possession of their Offices, Appeals to be made from them to the Commissioners of Appeals for Middlesex.

Commissioners

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Purposes of the said first mentioned Act, CourtC &c *to to appointed for the several Inns of Court and Chancery in London and Middlesex shall be selected and be ftlcdUd by nominated by the respective Benchers for the Time being, having the Superintendance of the said Societies Benchers: of the respective Societies thereunto belonging, or the major Part of them present at any Meeting to be

And Appeals to summoned by the respective Treasurers of those Societies for the Time being; provided that all Appeals be made to the from the Inns of Court and Chancery shall be heard and determined by the respective Commissioners of -o^a^eaTfor* Appeals to be appointed, under the said Act, for London and Middlesex respectively.

London and Middlesex.

Commissioners ior the l’ni\:r-firics to be of the

Degree of M. A. or LL. B., and

Matters or Fellows of Collect s resident therein; such Degrees, to be a fuincient Qualification. The liberty of the Ifk of t ly, and each of the Cinque Port?, to be considered a* a City b-An^ a County; and the Qualification wd Appo.nt-imr.t of Com-in.ffiont-ra to be under 24 of

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Commissioner to be appointed for the respective Universt-tics of Oxford and Cambridge shall be of the Degree of Master of Arts, or Bachelor of Laws, or some higher Degree, and shall be a Master or Fellow of a College or Hall there, and resident therein; and that no other Qualification shall be required of any such last mentioned Commissioners, who shall act in the Execution of the said Act, by virtue of their Degrees and Promotions irr such Universities and Colleges, than the Possession thereof respectively, and Residence there as aforesaid; and that no such Master or Fellow, red-dent as aforesaid, shall be liable to any Penalty inflicted by the said first mentioned Act for acting in the Execution thereof as aforesaid, without being possessid of any other Qualification than such Degrees and Promotions as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, for the Purposes of the said first mentioned Act, the Franchise or Liberty of the Isle of Ely, and every of the Cinque Ports shall be considered in the same Respectas a City or Town, being a County of itself, is by the said Act considered, and that the same Qualification, and 110 other, shall be required for a Commissioner for the said Purposes in such Franchise or Liberty, and in every such Cinque Port; and the Appointment of such Commissioner shall be made in like Manner fojr such Franchise or Liberty, or every such Cinque Port, as is required and directed by the said Act in respect of such Commissioner for any City or Town in Great Britain being a County of itself; provided that all Appeals from such last mentioned Commissioners shall be heard and determined before the Commissioners of Appeals appointed for the County at large wherein such Cinque Port is situate.

c. 13. 14.

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 22. 75

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the respective Persons empowered to choose In Cities, Commissioners for the Purposes of the said first recited Act, for any City, Borough, Cinque Port, Liberty,

Town, or Place, where separate Commissioners of assessed Taxes Dull have usually acted in the several ^cho^ciUor^ Wards, Parishes, or Divisions thereof, in the Execution of former Acts, to choose Commissioners for the each Ward, Purposes of the f»:d recited Act, for each such Ward, Pan(b, or Division, in like Manner as they are empowered by the said recited Act to choose Commissioners for each Division of a Comity or Riding. where separate

0 Commissioners of Taxes have usually acted,

XI. And be it further enacted, That in every Place where Commercial Commissioners shall be ap- ACi.lants to pointed under the said tirft recited Act, the Afliiiants to Inch Commercial Commissioners shall be named Comnlffficmert and appointed by such Persons respectively who are authorised to appoint such Commercial Commissioners shall be appointed in ail Cases by thofi: who appoint such Commissioners*

XII. And be it further enacted, That in estimating the Value of Personal Efhte required for the Qualification of a Commissioner under the said first recited Act, the Interest or Dividend of any Publick Stock or Fund to the Amount of four Pounds per Annum, Hull be considered as equivalent to one hundred Pounds of Personal iiftate, and so after that Rate for any greater or lei's Sum.

ntcreft or Dividend of Stock to the Amount ot 4I, per Ann. to be taken as

icol. Perfcr.ai Ettatcin respect to Commissioner's Qualification.

[&* §2,6 ofc. 1 3.]

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Appeals from the Commissioners to be appointed for the Appeals from County of the City of York shall be heard and determined by the Commissioners of Appeals appointed for lljeCity of the North Riding of the County of York; and all Appeals from the Commissioners to be appointed for the Comiriif-0 County of the City of Bristol shall be heard and determined by the Commissioners of Appeals for the County f]0ntrsof Ap-of Gloucester peal for the North Riding; and those for BriAol to the Commissioners for Gloucestershire*

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall, under and by virtue of the said first mentioned Atft, have signified, or shall hereafter signify his or her Intention to be alfefied by the Commercial Commissioners appointed or to Jbe appointed under the said first mentioned Act, in the Manner thereby directed, shall, on or before the thirtieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, in case Commercial Commissioners shall be then appointed for the District within which such Person shall reside, or otherwise within ten Days after such Appointment, and in every subsequent Year on or before the thirtieth Day of March in such Year, deliver a Statement of his or her Income, made according to the Directions of the said Act, to such Commercial Commissioners, or to the Person appointed or authorised in Manner di rented by the said Act to receive the same; and such Commissioners, or such Person as aforesaid, shall thereupon give to the Person or Persons delivering such Statement, or to the Person attending on his, her, or their Behalf, a Certificate under the Hand of any one or more of such Commi(doners, or under the Hand of the Person so appointed and authorised by them as aforesaid, of the Delivery of his, her, or their Statement, according to the Directions of the said first mentioned Act, which Certificate shall, within three Days after Delivery thereof, be shewn and presented to the Assessors, or one of them, of the District in which he, she, or they shall have signified his, her, or their Intention of being afil lfed as aforesaid, who shall endorse thereon that the same hath been, and the Time when the same was, so shewn and presented to him or them; and every Person who shall neglect to deliver such Statement, and to transmit such Certificate, in the Manner and within the Time herein-before directed, shall be chargeable, and shall he a if: I Fed for -his or her Income by the Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Act, appointed for the District within which such Person shall reside, as if such Person had not returned h s or her Intention of being affefieu by such

Commercial Commissioners as aforesaid; and every such Person who shall neglect to deliver such Statement, or transmit such Certificate in Manner aforesaid, whether such Assessment shall have been made or not, shall firstita Sum not exceeding the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered under the said first mentioned Atft.

Assessor of the District, who shall indorse the same; Persons neglecting to deliver such Statement, or to transmit the Certificate to the aflciTcd by the General Commissioners of the District, and also forfeit not exceeding 2d.

XV. And, to the End that in every subsequent Ye?.r sufficient Ti ne may be given for making such Rc-1 turns and Assessments/be it further enacted, That the respective Commissioners for the Purposes of the said first mentioned Atft shall, as soon after the fifth Day of February in every such Year as can conveniently be done, Hiue their Instructions, Directions, and Warrants, to the respective Assessors, in order that such Assessors may forthwith deliver Notices to the n spective Parties required to make such Returns by the said Act, and that such Returns may be delivered in Time for the making such Assessments.

chargeable ns soon as poffihle after Feb. 5, in

XVI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said first recited Act as requires the Commercial Commissioners, appointed under the said Act, to transmit the Counterparts of Certificates issued of Sums

, afiefled by them to the Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England^ or to any Receiver General, in Manner directed determined by the said Act, and also so much of the said Act. as requires the Cashier of the Bank of England, or any Receiver General, to transmit to any Commissioner or Commissioners any Account of Sums of Money paid on Account of any lnilahnent or instalments to be paid under tint Act, and the respective Numbers and Letters to which any Sums remaining unpaid shall respectively relate, and also so much of the said Act as relates to the granting Certificates of Payments by the Cadder of the Bank

La of

Perform intending to e udelTed by ConriKiCi.1l Comm*lti-ners fba.l, (ocioic) March. 17913, it Com-jijii'.K iu.r4 at ,ik appointee, or it not, within fen Days after Apt pointmcnbof such Commissioners, fupost* c. 42.) and, annually, before March 30,* dc<* liver a State- nunt of their Ipcome to such Commissioners i who shall there» upon j»Jvc a Certificate of inch Delivery* which shall. within thiee. Days be produced to the Aihifors, fhatffee

infinx^ions shall be ifftif'd* by Commissionersj and Notices delivered by Assessors to Persons each future Year*

Certain Parts of $ icfiand 109 of c. 13. (rcr# quiring Commercial t cm- mi doners to ti ar.imit Courv ^crparts of their Certificates to the Bank, LcK and the '

76 C. 22. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

*e. (ranfmk of England, or such Receivers Genera), or their Deputies respectively, shall be, and the same are hereby to loch Com- ^pealed.

Bufltoner* an Account of Sunxt paid, and to grant Certificates) repealed —\JU*nvtd by c. 41, §5. ss to Ptrfuis not giving NotUt of paying at the Bank, J

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons, Bodies, Corporations, Companies, Fraternities, and Societies, assessed by the Commercial Commissioners appointed for the City of London and its Vicinity, in the said first recited Act mentioned, and all Per ions, Bodies, Corporations, Fraternities, and Societies, afieikd by any other Commercial Commissioners, shall and may pay to the Cashierof the Bank of England* their several and respective Sums assessed, either in the Whole, or any such Proportion as they shall think fit, fothat the Amount required by the said first recited Act to be paid by Instalments shall not be in Arrear after the Days fixed by the said Act for the Payment thereof; and the Cashier of the Bank of England shall, upon the Receipt of any such Sum or Sums of Money, enter the same in the Manner directed by the said Act, and shall, on Demand, from Time to Time, permit Copies of the Entries fb made to be taken by such Person as shall be appointed to take the same by the respective Commercial Commissioners, who shall have assessed the Sums (b paid as aforesaid; and if such Commissioners shall, upon Reference to their private Books, find that any Sums so assessed are in Arrear and unpaid after the Timt fixed by the said Act for the Payment thereof, such Commissioners shall proceed for the Recovery thereof in like Manner in every

to be taken by as *8 directed for the Recovery of like Arrears by the said Act.

Commercial Commissioners, who, on finding by Reference to their own Books that any Sum is in Arrear, may proceed for Recovery of the same as under §109 of c. 13.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons engaged in Trade or Manufacture, and intending to be assessed by any Commercial Commissioners* appointed under the said first recited Act, for any City, Town, or Place, (except the City of London and its Vicinity,) shall also intend to pay his, her. Or their Assessment or respective Assessments at the Bank of England, instead of paying the same to the Receiver General of the County, Riding, or Place, in which such Assessment shall be made, as is directed to be done by the said Act, and at the lime of delivering his, her, or their Statement or State* ments of Income, or at any Time afterwards, before any Assessments shall be made upon him, her, or them, and entered in the Books of the respective Commissioners, shall signify such his, her, or their Intention in Writing to the Commercial Commissioners to whom such Statement of Income shall have been or shall be delivered, that then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall insert, in the Certificate of Assessment made upon such Person, that such Notice hath been given, and shall cause the Name or Names of such Person or Persons respectively to be entered or registered in Manner in the said Act* directed. in a separate Book to be kept for that Purpose; and such Commissioners shall not in such Case be required to transmit any Counterpart of the Certificate or Certificates of any such last mentioned Assessment or Assessments to any Receiver General, in Manner in the said Act directed, unless Default shall be afterwards made in the Payment of any such Assessment at the Bank of England* in the Manner required by this Ad: Provided always, That the Names, alphabetically arranged, of all such Persons who shall declare their Intention to pay the Sums assessed upon them into the Bank of England, with their respective Places of Residence, shall be delivered to thelnfpe&or or Surveyor of the Distnd where such Commercial Commissioners shall be appointed.

Jtgifttr the Names of such Persons in 1 separate Book; and need not transmit Certificates to the Receivers General, except in Default of Payment. A»alphabetical Lift of such Persons* Names to be delivered to the Surveyor of the Distri& (* §97.)

Such Persons, ip ps^cingat ah* Bank the Certificates of their AllMoments, may pay the Amount (here, either at once, or by In. ftalmcnu, in ilueTimc, under the Letter,

Ac. marked on the Certificate; tube placed to the Account of the Commercial Commimoners of the respective Districts. The Bank shall receive and enter the same, without requiring any Name; and shah grant Certificates for

Persons assessed by Commercial Commissioners, In London or elsewhere, may pay their Assessments into the Bank, at once or by Inflal-ments in due Time; an Account of which Payments shall be kept at the Rank, and Copies allowed

Persons intending to be assessed by Commercial Commissioners in the Country, and proposing Co pay their AsseflVnents Into the Bank, (instead of to the Receiver General under $ rod of c, rj,) nay, before Aflfcflhwm, give Notice of HKh intended Mode of Pay-mem to such Commissioners, who shall natation Aich Nb-tice in their Assessment, and

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall have given such Notice as aforesaid, but not otherwise, except within the City of London and its Vicinity as aforesaid, shall, within the respective Times

limited by the said first recited Act for Payment of the Sums assessed, and on Production at the B.tnk of

England of their respective Certificates of Assessment, marked, numbered, or lettered, as by the said Actfc

isoireded, pay, or cause to be paid, into the said \lzu\i of England* the Amount of their refoedive Assess-

ments, or any Part or Proportion thereof at such Times and in such Proportions as they shall choose, fb

as the Sums with which they shall be respectively charged, or any Part thereof, shall not be in Arrear after the respective Times limited for Payment thereof under the respective Letters or Numbers marked on such

Certificates, to the Account of the Commercial Commissioners acting for the City, Town, or Place

where such Certificate shall have been issued as aforesaid (which Account the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby required to open with such Commissioners respectively for that Purpose);

and the CashierorCafhiers of the Bank of England shall, upon the Receipt of any such Sums of Money on

Account of any such Commissioners. enter the same with the said respective Numbers and Figures set of-

pofite thereto, without requiring the Names of the Persons on whose Account the same shall be paid, and shall forthwith grant Certificates acknowledging the Receipt of such respective Sums; which last mentioned

Certificates shall be delivered to such last mentioned Commercial Commissioners, and the Delivery of such

Certificates to the said last mentioned Commercial Commissioners shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Persons for the Amount of the respective Sums so paid as aforesaid; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the

Bank of England shall, from Time to Time, transmit to such last mentioned Commercial Commissioners

respectively, whensoever the same shall be required by them, Accounts of all Monies so paid into the Bank

of England,' under the Account of the respective Commercial Commissioners to whose Account the same shall have been paid, with the respective Figures and Letters under which such Sums shall have been paid

as aforesaid. fbc same;

which, being delivered to such Commissioners, shall discharge the Persons aflrfTed. The Bank, when requited, shall transmit to such Commissioners^ JUcoonu of the Sums so paid, with the Figures and Letters under which the Payments have been made.

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 22. 77

XX. And be it further enacted, That the respective last mentioned Commercial Commissioners shall, within ten Days after the first, and so after each subsequent Instalment appointed for the Payment of the Duties granted by the said first recited Act, transmit to the Receivers General of the respective Counties, Ridings, or Places, where the Certificates of such Assessments shall have been issued as aforesaid, or their respective Deputies, and in Scotland to the Receiver General there, an Account of the gross Amount of all the several Sums of Money so paid into the Bank of England under such Certificates as aforesaid, on Account of each such Instalments, which Accounts shall be received by such Receivers General as Cash, and in Discharge of so much of the said Rates or Duties granted by the said Act as shall be mentioned in such Accounts as aforesaid; and in aH Cases where any Default shall be made in the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money contained in any Rich Certificates of Assessment which ought to be (o paid into the Bank of England as last aforesaid, and such Sum of Money shall not be paid upon Notice in Writing thereof, by such Commercial Commissioners, in the Manner directed by the said Act, such Commercial Commissioners shall forthwith cause all such Sums of Money so in Arrear as aforesaid to be inserted in the Duplicates of Assessments to be delivered to the Collector or Collectors of the Parish or Place for which such Assessment (haM be made and given in Charge to such Collector or Collectors, with Warrant to levy the same in such and the like Manner, and under thfe like Powers, in every Respect, as is directed by the said recited Act in Cases where the Arrears are directed to be returned to the said Commercial Commissioners by the Receivers General, and shall also deliver to the respective Receivers General, or their respective Deputies, Counterparts of the Certificates of all such. Assessments in Payment whereof Default shall have been made as last afore-said, in like Manner as if such Assessments had been originally payable to such Receivers General respectively.

Within ten

Days after each Instalmentj such Commissioners shall transmit an Account of the grots Amount of ail Sums paid into the Bank on such instalments to the Receiver General, which Returns shall be received by him as Cash: And where Default it made >0 Payment by the Peridot assessed, on Notice from the Commissioners, according to fc 109 of c. 13. such Commissioners shall infat the

Sum doe from them in the Colleger's Duplicate of Assessment, to be levied by him j and shall then deliver Counterparts of such Assessjoent to tilt Receiver General.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the respective last mentioned Commercial Commissioners shall, en or before the fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and (b yearly in every subsequent Year during the Time in the said first recited Act mentioned, or as soon after as conveniently cart be done, transmit to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes Duplicates of the gross Amount of all Assessments made upon all Persons who shall have signified their Intention of paying their respective Assessments into the Bank of England in Manner herein-before directed; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England shall also, from Time to Time, whenever the same shall be required, transmit to the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes Accounts of the grofc Sums received at the Bank of England on Account of any Assessments made by any Commercial Commissioners appointed under the Authority of the said Act, distinguishing in such Accounts the Districts of the respective Commercial Commissioners to whose Accounts such Sums of Money have been paid.

mit to the Tax Office Accounts of the gross Sums received under such Assessments on Account of such Commissioners

Such Commissioners shall annually, before June 5, transmit to the Tax Office Duplicates of the gross Amount of all such Assessments; and the Bank, when required, shall also trans-in each DUirift.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the said first recited Act contained Commercial shall be construed to extend to restrain the respective Commercial Commissioners to be appointed under the Commissioners feid Act from examining any Person or Persons in the Presence of their Secretary, Clerk, or other Person or in all

Persons duly sworn to Secrecy, according to the Directions of the said Act, nor from disclosing the Evi-(fence given Dy them, or any of them, to such Secretary, Clerk, or other Person or Persons so (worn, for presence of such any of the Purposes of the said Act. Commissioners* sworn Clerk, &c.or disclose the Evidence to such Clerk, Ac*

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the respective Commissioners of Appeal Commissioners for any County, Riding, Shire, or Stewartry, or any Division thereof, to employ a fit Person to be their of Appeal may Clerk, whose Duty it shall be to receive all Appeals to be laid before the said respective Commissioners, and tc^ctfve " also all Statements of Commissioners for executing the Purposes of this Act, who ought to be assessed by the Appeals, and feid respective Commissioners of Appeal, and to enter the same in proper Books for that Turpose, and all Statements of such other Acts as the said respective Commissioners of Appeal shall, in the Execution of the said Act, di- income from rest; and the said respective Commissioners of Appeal shall, with the Consent and Approbation of the General Com-Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, allow to such Clerk such Salary or Reward for each Day’s At- {SchCleric to be tendance as the said respective Commissioners of Appeal, with such Approbation as aforesaid, shall order, paid, with the not exceeding the Rate at which Attornies or Solicitors are usually paid for the like Work 5 which Sums so Approbation of ordered and allowed, the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank, or the respective Receivers General, on the the Tax officci Production of the Certificates signed by two or more of such respective Commissioners of Appeal, certi-tying the Number of Days on which such Clerk attended them, shall pay out of any Monies in their Hands General, on of the Duties granted by the said first recited Act. Certificate of his Attendance, &c. by the Commissioners;

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever Money shall be wanting to defray the incidental Expenses of the said first recited Act, if the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, or the respective Receivers General, shall not have then received, and have in his or their Hands sufficient Monies of the Duties granted by this Act, it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, from Time to Time to direct such Cashier or Cashiers, or the respective Receivers General, to advance and pay, out of any Publick Monies in their Hands, such Sums as shall be required for the said Purposes, and to replace the same from Time to Time out of the first Monies that shall come into their Hands respectively of the said Duties by this Act granted.

Treasury may order the Bank or Receivers General to advance Money for incidental Expenses.

78 C. 22. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Traders may be

XXV. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons engaged in Trade or Manufacture may be

rnrrcial%?mmm determined by the Commercial Commissioner* acting for the District wherein such Trade or-Manufacture shall

r!.floorers' for carried on, although such Person or Persons flia.ll not be refluent within such District.

tuc DiRntt where tl.Jr Trr.tlc is carried on.

Win re fufiicl-ent Ailirtants to Commercial Commilht. nirs have not brrn mnuJ, hid 1 Comir.illioners ir.ay call in any |*ioper RcrAms. as A Hiltanu, and esquire t heir Opinion on the Amount of Income, a* under 9S of c. 13.} ludi occasional AiTiiUnts, having previously taken the Oath required by 116 of that Act

Persons becoming entitled alter April 5, in ^my Year, either on their own. iiciuih, or as Trustees, &c. to any Income whatever, not included in their Statements,

Hull, within 20 Days niter the acc ruing of such Income, (unhfs their Statement is sufficient to cover the same,) give Notices thereof to the AlTtlfor?, with a Statement of the Amount,

Ac. and the same shall be charged for the Remainder of the Year and shall be added to any former AlIWTir.ent, or if no such has been nude, put into a new Affi ITmenf, and Itvied accordingly,

Wilt re such Income accrueby Death, the Re-prtfentativ ts of the Deceased miyapjdy to the Commilhumrs, and on returning the Name, 14C. cf *ht R;rson to whom the income jetrut* and paying 110 to the l)tuth t l the Party, In <ll receive a Cert, ft-

cau of Discharge,

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall happen that sufficient Persons shall not have been named to take upon themselves the Office of Assistants to any Commercial Commissioners appointed under the said first recited Act, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commercial Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, if they shall think the same necessary, to call to their Assistance any Person or Persons willing to give Assistance, and who may, in the Opinion of such Commissioners, be bell able and competent to judge of the Amount of the reputed Income of the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, Fraternities, or Societies, whole Statement shall be under Consideration before the said Commissioners, (although such Persons final! not be qualified as in the said recited Aclis directed,) and shall esquire of such Persons their Opinion of such Amounts of reputed Income, without disclosing to them, or any or either of them, the Amount contained in any such Statement, as by the said Act is required: Provided always, That any Person so called before such Commissioners to give such Aflillance as aforesaid, shall, before the said Commissioners, take the Oath in the said full recited Act directed to be taken by Commercial Commissioners: Provided also, That such Commissioners shall, after such Enquiry, where the lame shall be thought necessary as aforesaid), or without such Enquiry where the same shall be thought by the said Commissioners to be unnccelfiry, proceed in the making their Assessments in such and the like Manner in every Respect as if such Person or Persons, so called upon for such Aflillance as aforesaid, had been appointed in Manner directed by the said Act,

i and Commissioners shall proceed to maks their Assessments, &c. as if such occasional Assistants had been regularly appointed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever nny Person shall, after the said fifth Day of y^r/Vone thou land seven hundred and ninety-nine, and before the filth Day of /Jprii one thousand eight hundred, or within the like Peiod in the Course of any succeeding Year during the Continuance of the said first recited Act, become entitled to any Income arising from any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, wheresoever the same shall be fitume in Great Britain, or elsewhere, or from any Kind of Personal Property, or other Property whatever, or from any Office, Stipend, or Pension, either on his or her own Behalf, or on the Behalf of any other Person as Trustee, Agent, Receiver, Guardian, Tutor, Curator, or Committee, or in any other Character, either separately, or jointly with any other Person, and such Income shall not have been included in the Amount of any former Statement of the Income of such Person made, that then and in every such Case, such Person shall, within twenty-eight Days after such Income shall have accrued, (unless the former Statement for such Year shall be sufficient to cover the same,) give Notice thereof to the Assessor or Assessors of the Parish or Place within which he or she shall reside, and within which he or she intends to be charged in respect of such Income, and shall also at the Time of giving such Notice return a Statement of the Amount of such Income to such Assessor or Assessors, in like Manner in every Respectas is directed in the said recited Act or this Act for the Return of Statements to Assessors under the said Act or this Act; and an Afldlment shall he made upon every such Person in respect of such Income, from the Period when such Income accrued until the End of the then current Year and the Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Act, acting in and for the District within which such Return shall have been made, shall, upon Notice thereof, and Delivery c f such Statement to them by the Assessor or Assessors receiving the lame, proceed in the making their Assessment in respect of such Income, in such and the like Manner in every Respect as is directed by the said first recited Act for making any AiHH'mcnc upon Income; and such Commissioners shall thereupon add the Amount of such Assessment to any tormer Assessment that shall have been made for that Year upon the Persons returning such Statement, or if no such former Assessment shall have been made, such Commissioners shall make a new All- llment in respect of such Income, and proceed in all Respects in the collecting and levying of the same in like Manner as is directed in the said firit recited Act; and if any Person hereby required to give such Notice, or return any such Statement, shall neglect so to do within the Time herein-before specified for that Purpose, such Person shall forfeit and pay for such Offence* a Sum not exceeding the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered under the said lirft recited Act.

Penalty on not giving such Notice, Lc. not exceeding 20l.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any such Income shall accrue to any such lYrfon as aforesaid, in the Course of any Year, by Reason of the Death of any Person who shall at the Time of making the Assessment for such Year have included such Income in his or her Statement, and shall have been alleflld for the same, it shall and may be lawful for the respective Commissioners under the said firit recited Act, upon Application made for that Purpose by the Heirs, Executors, or Admmulraiors of the Person so dying, or any of them, and on a Return of the Name and Rdidence of the Person or Persons to whom such Income shall accrue by Reason of such Death, to discharge such Heirs, Executors, or Ad-mimstrators, from any further Payment for or in respect of such Income, oilier than for such Part thereof as shall have accrued b( fore such Deatii, a 1 id to grant a Certificate of such Discharge to such Heirs, Executo.s, or Administrators; and that such Certificate, on Delivery thereof to the respective Commissioners, or to the Collector or Collectors or Receiver General, or his Deputy, shall be a sufficient Discharge to finch Iicirs Executors, or Administrators, from any further Payment in respect 0! the Sum that shall be af'certained 111 such Certificate as aforesaid.

to

be delivered to the Collectors, &c.

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 22. 79

King om, makine it satisfactorily appear that they have not Funds fut-fiuent to pay t luContrihution of fuel) Principal, or that from Revocation of

XXIX. And be it farther enabled. That if any Agent to any other Person, being of full Age, and out of Agents to Per-this Kingdom, shall not have sufficient Money in his Hands to pay the Sum which ought to be contributed on ^r^lcA2° the Behalf of such other Person, at thel'ime when Payment thereof ought to be made by virtue of the said out 0 1 ‘c -first recited Act, and shall prove, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Act, that he hath not, since the Delivery of the Statement, had sufficient Money in his Hands for Payment thereof,

or that, from Death, Revocation of Authority, or other Catife, such Payment ought to be delayed, or the Assessment made upon such Statement ought to he* discharged or vacated, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners in such Case, and on such Proof as aforesaid, todirefl such Payment to be suspended until sufficient Money shall come into the Hands of such Agent for Payment thereof, or such Assessment to be discharged or vacated, as the Case may require, subject nevertheless to an Appeal by the Surveyor or Inspector, to the Determination of the said Commissioners in the Manner directed by the said Act.

AuUionty, Sc:.

the Afllffinent ought to be vacated, may be relieved by the Commissioners, subject to Appeal by the Surveyor, under §6401 c. 13.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said first recited Act as enacts, that no Discount or So much of §95

Allowance whatever shall be allowed or paid on any Sum or Sums of Money to be paid into the Bank of Vftfunt England, in pursuance of the said AcT, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed. on Money paid into the 3"°* rCp"

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person having received, from the Collector of any Parish Any Person, on

or Place, Notice in Writing, of the Amount of his or her Assessment, or who shall have received, from the ^cuv,nS the Commercial Commissioners appointed under the said fir (I recited Act, the Certificate of his or her Affefi- Asse°r,^nt and ment, shall bedefirousof paying the Duty in Advance at the Bank of England, it shall be lawful for the producing the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Bank of England, on Production of the Notice or Certificate of such AfPefT- Norice or Certi-ment at the Time of Payment of the said Duty in Advance, (the Sum so paid not in any Case to be less than ficate thereof, the Sum which appears, by such Certificate, to be payable by three Instalments,) to make an Allowance at Advance the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, out of the Sum or Sums so paid in Advance, calculated auhe Bankfand. upon such Sum or Sums, for the Period or Periods by which each respective Sum shall be paid sooner than the on paying three Period -prescribed by the said first recited Act, for Payment thereof; and in every such Case the said Instalments or "Cashier or Cashiers shall give the Person paying the same a Certificate of such Payment, and a Duplicate r^orc» ^)bc thereof, specifying therein the Number of Instalments thereby discharged, and the Amount of the Allowance *0untoneach for such prompt Payment, and referring thereby to the Notice or Certificate of Assessment then produced, at the Rate of $1. and the Description of the Person, Number, or Letter, therein mentioned; and all such Allowances shall be percent.: Cer-made by the said Cashier or Cashiers, out of the Duties to be paid in at the said Bank of England, at the tificates of such Time of paying the same. \ rtPiym^tSpto tc

r 0 given by the Bank.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever all the Commissioners for the Purposes of the said first recited Act, or the major Part of them, present at any Meeting holden under the said Act, shall adjudge that there is just Cause to disallow the Application of any Surveyor or Inspector to revise any Statement as in the said Act is mentioned, then and in such Case, but not otherwise, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to disallow the same; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

The Majority of Commissioners present at any Meeting may difullow the Application of Surveyors to revise Statements.

[&* \ 53 rjf c. 13.J

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Schedules to the said first recited Act annexed shall be, and the tune are hereby repealed; and that the several Schedules to this Act annexed, and all and every the Provisions of this Act, shall, in the Execution of the said recited Act and of this Act, be severally applied and coo-flrued in like Manner as if the said Schedules and Provisions were specially enacted in the said Act or this Act; and that the said several Schedules to this Act annexed, with their respective Rules, Directions, Marks, and References, shall be deemed and taken to be a Part of the said recited Act and of this Act; and that all the Provisions of the said Act, and every Reference therein contained to the Schedules to the said Act annexed, shall (except where the same are hereby expressly varied) be applied, construed, deemed, and taken, to refer to ihe Schedules to this Act annexed, and be extended to and construed in like Manner as if the same had been enacted in the said Act or this Act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions thereof, may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be parted in this present Session of Parliament.

Former Schedules repealed, and new Schedules substituted.

Act maybe altered or repealed, this Session.

llx C. 42. 72.]

The SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

A.

RULES for estimating the Income of the current Year of Persons to be assessed under the Act of the thirty-

ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

I. INCOME arising from Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments*

GENERAL RULE.

In all the undermentioned cases, whenever the Term "Annual Value of Lands" is used, the same is to be understood as signifying the Aggregate Amount of the Rent at which the same are let, or if not set, are worth to be let by the Year, according to the ordinary Rent of Lands of like Quality in the same

80 C. 22. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Neighbourhood; together with the Payments within the Year for all Parochial and other Taxes. Rates, and Assessments, charged upon the respective Occupiers in respect of such Lands; and also the Value of Tythes, where taken in Kind, or of the Sums pai in Satisfaction for the same; after deducing from such Aggregate Amount the fourth Part thereof.

1 ft. INCOME of Owners of Lands.

FIRST CASE.

Income of Lands occupied by the Owner.

Such Income shall be taken at the Amount of one Year’s Rent, according to the Rate at which such Lands are worth to be let by the Year, according to the ordinary Rent of Lands of like Quality in the same, Neighbourhood, Regard being had to the Demands to which such Lands may be liable for or in respect of Parochial and other Taxes, Rates, and Assessments, and of Tythes, or any Satisfaction for the same, or from which Demands such Lands may be free; and also of a Sum notless than the Amount of one Quarter, or more than one Half, of the Annual Value of such Lands, estimated as in the General Rule aforesaid, in Addition to such Rent; except where the Lands have come into the Occupation of the Owner within eighteen Months past, on the Expiration of a Lease, or the Death or Failure of a Tenant, in which Case the same shall be valued at one Year’s Rent only of Lands of the like Quality, as aforesaid.

Deductions to be made from the First Case.

The Amount of the Land Tax payable for one Year preceding.

The Amount of Fee Farm Rents, Quit Rents, Rent Charges, Grourtd Rents, and other Rents payable by such Owner, or other Charges which the Owner of the Land shall be bound by Tenure to pay, or for the Expence of Drainage under any Commission of Sewers, estimated for one Year next preceding.

Repairs of Buildings, consistin^of a principal Messuage, occupied by the Owner, and other Buildings, occupied with a Farm of Lands or Tythes at an Average, to be settled at the Discretion of the Commissioners under all the Circumstances, not exceeding eight Pounds per Centum on the Annual Value of the Farm, estimated as in the General Rule; but if there be no principal Messuage, then at the like Average, not excelling three Pounds per Centum on the like Annual Value:

Also on Account of Expences in draining Lands, such Sum as the Commissioners shall allow, not exceeding in any Case three Pounds per Centum on the Annual Value of the Lands improved by such Drainage.

And in respect of Embankments from the Sea, or any River, when the same shall be necessary for the Occupation of Lands, or by Reason of Tenure therein, such Sum as the Commissioners, under all the Ck« cumstances, shall allow*

SECOND CASE.

Houses and Buildings occupied by the Owner.

The Income arising from such Houses or other Buildings shall be taken to be the fair Rent at which Houses of the like Description are usually let or might be let by the Year, unfurnished, as near as may be; but where the same are or shall be rated to the Tax on Inhabited Houses, then not to be taken at left than such Rate*

Deductions.

Repairs, at the best Average, in the Judgment of the Commissioners, and not exceeding ten Pounds per Centum on such Rent as aforesaid.

Other Deductions as in the First Case.

THIRD CASE.

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditamentx, in Occupation of Tenants at Rack Rent.

The Income arising from such Lands shall be taken to be the full Amount of the Rent reserved.

Deductions.

As in the First Case, if payable by the Owner\ and also the Amount of the Tythes, or the Satisfaction for the same, and Rates and Taxes, if payable by the Owner, and also the actual Expences of collecting the Rems.

FOURTH CASE.

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments demised to Tenants in Consideration of a Fine paid and Rent reserved.

The Income arising from such Lands shall be taken to be the Amount of the Rent for one Year and of such farther Sum in respect of the Fines from the said Lands, as will amount to a Sum equal to what were or would be the Receipts of one Year, x>n such Average as shall be settled or confirmed by the^dpective Commissioners before whom the Question shall be depending.

Deductions.

As in the Third Case, if payable by the Owner.

FIFTH CASE.

Lands, Tenements^ 09 Hereditaments, demised to Tenants in Consideration of

a nominal Rent only

A fair Average of the Fines, as under the Fourth Case.

a Fine without Rent reserved, or Deductions.

8i

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 22.

n Deductions.

As under the Third Case, if payable by the Owner.

SIXTH CASE.

Houses demised to Tenants at Rack Rent.

The Income anting from such Houses shall be taken to be the full Amount of the Rent reserved for one Year. '

Deductions.

Repairs, if not paid by the Tenant, as under the Second Case.

Ocher Deductions, as under the Third Case, as far as the same are applicable, if payable by the Owner*

SEVENTH CASE.

Houses demised to Tenants in Con/tderation of Rent reserved and Fine.

As under the Fourth Case, mutatis mutandis.

Deductions.

Repairs, if not paid by the Tenant, as under the Second Case.

Ocher Deductions, as under the Third Case, as far as the same are applicable, if payable by the Owner.

EIGHTH CASE.

Houses demised to Tenants, in Confederation of a Fine, without Rent% or a nominal Rent only.

As tinder the Fifth Case, mutatis mutandis.

(Deductions.

Repairs, if not paid by the Tenant, as under the Second Case.

Other Deductions, as under the Third Case, as far as the same are applicable, if payable by the Owner.

I NINTH CASE.

Tythes in respect of Owners.

The Income anting.from such Tythes shall be estimated on a fair Average for three Years preceding, of the a&tial Value if taken in Kind, Regard, in such Case, being had to the Expence incurred in collecting the same, or, if compounded for, of the Competitions received for the same.

Deductions.

As under the Thirds Case, as far as the same are applicable, if payable by the Owner; and also all Pay-I menu made on Account of Parochial and other Rates, Taxes, and Assessments, in respect of such Tythes which shall be payable by the Owner.

TENTH CASE.

Profit rf Manors, or of Timber or Woods, usually cut, periodically, and in certain Proportions, Mines,

I ' Itfurance Offices from Fire, and other Profits of uncertain Annual Amount.

The Income anting therefrom shall be estimated on such Average as shall be settled by the respective Commissioners, before whom the Question shall be depending, except in the Cases of Mines, Insurance Offices from Fire, where the Average shall be taken on a Term not exceeding five Years.

Deductions.

j As under the Third Case, as far as the same are^applicable, if payable by the Owner.

ad. INCOME of Tenants of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments*

ELEVENTH CASE.

Lands or Hereditaments occupied by Tenants at Rack Rents.

If the Annual Value of such Lands or Hereditaments, estimated as herein-before directed in the General Rule, be under three hundred Pounds, tfien the Income ariting therefrom to the Tenant shall be taken to be not lese than one Half, or more than two Thirds of such Value j and if at three hundred Pounds or upwards, then to be not lets than three Fifths or more than three Fourths of such Value.

Deductions.

Such and no other Deductions as are herein-aker comprized under the Head of M General Deductions," if payable by the Tenant.

TWELFTH CASE.

The Income ariting from Mines, Tythes. Woods, and other Hereditaments of uncertain Amount, when, occupied by Tenants, to be charged as the lame would be charged in the Hands of the Owner, deducting also the Rent payable for the lame.

4

C. 22. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

THIRTEENTH CASE.

Lands or Tenements demiftd in Confide rat ion of Fines, whether with or without a Rent referred*

The Ineome arising from such Lands or Tenements shall be estimate J at the Amount at which the same would he estimated in the Case of an Owner occupying the same, deducting therefrom a Sum equal to the Annual Value of Payments reserved to the Owner, as directed to be estimated in the Fourth Case.

Deductions, as in the Eleventh Case.

3d. INCOME of Mtfie Lefjors, under Demises% in Consideration of Fines, whether with or without a Rent reserved, and of Lands or Tenements demijed upon improveable Leases.

FOURTEENTH CASE.

In every such Case, the Income of every Mesne Leflor or Lessors shall be charged at the same Amount as his Income would be charged at if Owner, deducing therefrom such Rent and Average of Fines (if any) as shall be paid thereout to his or her immediate Ldlbr.

II. INCOME arising from Personal Property^ and from Trades, Professions, Offices, Pensions, Allowances,

Stipends, Employments, and locations.

FIFTEENTH CASE.

III. INCOME from any Trade, Profession, Office, Pension, Allowance, Stipe-: iy Employment, or Vocation9

being of uncertain Annual Amount.

The Income arising therefrom to be taken for the first Year of being cinte/d, be eft muted cither at not leis than the full Amount of the Profits or Gains of such Trade, iJro‘cihop, Ou’wc, Pennon, Allowance, Stipend, Employment, or Vocation, within the preceding Year, or, at tae E.e-’con of the Per ion charged* at a Sum not less than the fair and just Average for one Year of the Amount 0} the Profits or Gains of such Trade, Profession, Office, Pension, Allowance, Stipend, Employment, or Vex it.on, in the three Years preceding, and in all succeeding Years, the Income to be reckoned according to the same Mode which the said Person shall have chosen to take in the first Year.

Deductions.

No other Deductions to be made from such Income, than such as are herein after comprized under the Head of General Deductions; except two Thirds of the Rent paid by the Tenants of Houses, Part whereof is occupied and used by such Tenants as an Open Shop for Retail I rade only; or by Innkeepers and other Persons licensed to sell Wine, Ale, or other Liquors, by Retail, to be drank in their respective Houses; or by Persons keeping any School, Academy, or Seminary for Learning, and usually having their Scholars to board and lodge (to a number not less than 'fen) in their respective Dwelling Houses, and also, except any Rate charged in respect thereof, by virtue of any Act for granting an Aid to his ivlajclfy by a Land Tax; or on Offices, Pensions, Stipends, or Personal Estates, by any Act for the Services of the Year for-which the Computation lha.ll be made; or upon Pensions, or Salaries, Fees, and Wages, in respect of Offices of Profit? by an Act passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of King George the b irtt; or upon Pensions, Gratuities, Offices, or Employments of Profit, by an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of his late Majesty King George the Second.

SIXTEENTH CASE.

2d. INCOME from Offices, Pensions, Stipends, Annuities, Inter ejl of Money, Rent Charge, or other Payments

of the like Nature, being of certain Annual Amount.

The Income possessed by the same Person during the Whole of the preceding Year, to be taken at not less than the v/hole Income, paid or payable in respect thereof, within the Year preceding, ending on the fifth Day of February in each Year, or on such other Day of the Year as the Annual Payments have been usually completed; and Income not possessed by the same Person during the Whole of the preceding Year, at not leis than the whole Income (as far as the lame can be computed) which will become payable in the succeeding Year.

General Deductions to be allowed; and also any Tax or Charge in respect of the same, imposed by any Act or Acts.

III. INCOME arising out of Great Britain.

SEVENTEENTH CASE.

1 ft. From Foreign Pcjpffions.

T he full Amount of the actual Annual Net Income received in Great Britain, either estimating fi>ch Receipt in the full Year of being charged at the Election of the Person charged, according to the Year ending the filth Dav of February immediately preceding such Estimate, or according to the Average of the threi Years preceding such fifth Day of February, or on such Day in each Year on which the Account of ffion

3

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 22.

Income has been usually made up; and in all succeeding Years, the Annual Receipt to be reckoned in the same Mode which the Person charged shall haye chosen to take in the first Year.

General Deductions to be allowed.

EIGHTEENTH CASE,

2d. MONEY arising from Foreign Securities:

The Annual Income of such Securities, if the same were existing in the preceding Year, to be estimated according to the Produce of such Year and if the same were not then existing, to be computed upon the expected Produce of the current Year.

General Deductions to be allowed.

IV. INCOME not falling under any of the foregoing Rules.

Such Income to be estimated to the belt of the Know ledge and Belief of the Person receiving the same, or entitled thereto; and such Estimate to be delivered to the Commissioners, together with a Statement of the Nature of such Income, and the Grounds on which the Amount thereof shall have been so estimated.

General Deductions to be allowed.

GENERAL DEDUCTIONS FROM INCOME.

1. The Amount of Annual Interest payable for Debts owing by the Party, or charged upon the Property of the Party, from which any Income shall arise.

2. The Amount of Allowances to any Child or Children, or other Relations, such Child or Children, or other Relation or Relations, not making a Part of the Family of the Party, and of whole Names and Places of Residence the Alieflors and Surveyors shall have bad Notice by a Declaration according to the Form No. 4..* ' Sd«t. A. 1;

3. Assessed Taxes under the two Acts of the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repealing the Duties on Hoiifcs, Windows, and Lights, on Inhabited Houses, and on Clocks and Watches 5

and for granting to his Majesty other Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, and on Inhabited Houses, in ‘

lieu thereof; and for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof. .1; 1

4. The Amount of any Annuity payable by the Party, either as a Debt or Charge upon his or her Income, t

(excepting any Payment to the Wife of any Parry living with such Party, for which (he, or any Trustee or 1 1 1

Trustees on her Behalf, shall not be duly charged under this Act).

5. Persons whb have made 01; shall make Insurance on their respective Lives, or on the Lives of their respective Wives, shall be at Liberty, in Addition to any other Deductions, to deduct the Amount of the Premium of such Insurance for the current Year.

6. Persons entitled to any Income during and depending upon the Life or Lives of any other Person or Persons who have made, or shall make, Insurance on the Life or Lives of such other Person or Persons, shall be at Liberty, iri Addition to any other Deductions, (except the Deduction herein after mentioned,) to dcdtlCt the Amount of the( Premium of such last mentioned Insurance for the current Year; provided that if, after the Death of such othfer Person or Persons on whose Life Or Lives such Insurance shall have been made, the Income, or any Part thereof from which such Premiums have been deducted, shall be continued, or the Estate from whence the same arose renewed, or shall have been usually continued, or the Estate from whence the same arose shall have been usually renewed by the Payment of a Fine or Fines, then and in such Case no Deductioti shall be allowed oh Account of such Fine or Fines which shall have been paid, or would become payable, on any stich Renewal/

PARTICULAR DEDUCTIONS FROM INCOME.

1. The Amount of the Tenths and First Fruits, Duties and Fees on Presentations paid by any Ecclesiastical Person within the Year precedingthat in which the Computation shall be made.

2. Procurations and Synodals paid by Ecclesiastical Persons, on an Average of seven Years preceding that in which the Computation shall be made.

3. Repairs of Chancels of Churches by any Rector, Vicar, or other Person bound to repair the same, on an Average of twenty-one Years preceding, as aforesaid, or as neaily thereto as can be produced.

, SCHEDULE 1

i

84 C. 22. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III.

SCHEDULE of INCOME of

A.D. 1799.

N®

DESCRIPTION of PROPERTT from which INCOME arifcu

Annual Income.

f Rent

I Annual Value -

d.

\ II

d.

Ill

10.

11.

12.

*3-

14.

*5-

16

iti.

l9-

Lands occupied by me as Owner -

Houses and Buildings occupied by me as Owner -

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in Occupation of Tenants at Rack Rent -

£ d»

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, demised toC‘^n?OUnt °^nC8> °n a" \

Tenants in consideration of a Fine paid and Rent < 0 c r

reserved £ Amount of Rent -

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, demised to Tenants in confi- f Amount of Fines receiv- deration of a Fine, without any Rent reserved, or nominal Rent < ed, upon an AverageS* only - £ of Years -

Houses demised to Tenants at Rack Rent -

Houses demised to Tenants in consideration of Rent reserved and Fine -

Houses demised to Tenants in consideration of a Fine without Rent, or a nominal Rent only -

Tythes received in Kind, or Composition reserved for the same -

/"Manors - Average Receipt for Years

\ Timber. D° - D° -

Profits of < Woods - Do - D° -

1 Mines - D° - not exceeding Five Years

V^Other Profits of uncertain Amount D° - for Years

Lands or Hereditaments demised to me, as Tenant at Rack Rent

d.

Profits of

"Manors -

Timber - — - F

Woods - >demised to me, -

Other Hereditaments of I Average the same as the 10th Case, uncertain Amount -y (lulling the Rent payable.

f taken in Kind - 7 as in the 9th Case, dc- 7

\ compounded for - y duding the Rent -j

*afe,

d.

Tythes -

II

Lands or Tenements demised to me in consideration of a Fine, whether with or without a Rent reserved; Annual Value - ‘ -

£ r. d.

f Lands or Tenements demised to me in coBfiderttion of Fine, with or without }

a Rent, and underlet to a Tenant -

£ Lands demised to me at Rent, and underlet to a Tenant at an improved Rent

From Profession, Offices, Pensions, Stipends, Employments, Trade, or Vocationj being of un-' certain Annual Amount -

From Offices, Pensions, Stipends, Annuities, Interefi of Money, Rent Charge, and other Payments, being of certain Annual Amount, and-Allowances applied to my Use,

come of the Wife, if any, for which (he or her Trufiec or Trustees shall not

with Husband, though Separately secured ——

From Foreign Possessiona -

From Money arising from Foreign Securities -

From any Income not falling under any of the above Heads, or within the Rules prescribed by the Act

Nature of the Income, and Grounds on which 7 _

the Amount thereof is estimated -

Total Amount of Income -

Deductions froth above -

Income chargeable -

ge, and other Pay-} e, including the In- f: be charged, living t

£ s. d.

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III.

of the Parish of in the Division of

C. 22r

85

DEDUCTIONS.

Land Tar payable on the several Properties mentioned under N0# on the other Side* from the Day of

kft past -

the Day of

Fines paid upon an Average of Fee Farm Rents payable out of N°* Quit Rents, payable out of N* Rent Charges, payable out of Ground Rent, payable out of N°* Other Rents, payable out of N°* Tenths ——

-"1

Years

oir the other Side -

- D* -

- _ D» -

_ _ D* -

T

d.

s. d.

£ A

.5 W

ZX g -

0

Pfrocurations and Synodals, payable (by Ecclesiastical Persons) out of N°* of Seven Years -

Of Farm, with principal Messuage, under N*r — ' —

Of Farm Building?, without principal Messuage, under N0#

Of draining Lands-, under N°‘ {KAmprovement of Lands f epairs Qf Embankments, under N°* -

Of Houses and Buildings* not occupied with a Farm, under N°* *-Of Chancels of Churches by Re&ors, Vicars, and others bound 7 to repair the same, upon an Average of 21 Years — -)

f Expences of collecting the same, upon an Average of Three Years Tylhes < Value thereof paid in Kind upon D° Average.

£ Value of Composition for the same, upon D° Average -

upon

an

d.

Annual Interest for Debts

i Personal -( Charged on N°f

Allowances to Children, or otfi$r Relations; viz.

[

Assessed Taxes under Acts 58 Geo. III. c. 40 & 41%

Annuities ——

Land Tax on Personal E dates. Offices, Pensions, &o»

Premiums of Insurance on Life -

- :| I I

II

II

Total Amount of Deductions. m - £.

Witness my Hanrdi this

Day of

Memorandum The local Situation of the several Properties in the opposite Column must here be described under their respective Numbers; and if in Great Britain, the several Parishes and Counties in which they art finale> together with the several Places of Residence of the Party.

86.

i

IScec-l*-]

f See the Central Vcduttitr.s at the End of Schedule A.}

C. 22. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

__________ A. i.

N° 1.

LIST containing the proper Name of every Lodger, Inmate, and other Person resident in the Dwelling House, except Sci var.ts and Infants, not having an Income chargeable by virtue of the Acts.

1

N° 2.

LIST containing the proper Name and Place of Residence of every Person not resident in Great Britain, and of every Infant, Idiot, Lunatick, married Woman, and other Person, having any Income chargeable by virtue of the Acts of which I am in Receipt as Trustee, Agent, Receiver, Guardian, Curator, or Committee, and also the Name or Names of such Persons who are joined with me in such Trust.

Name or Names of Persons above described. LMcription and Residence of Persons being respectively not resident in Great Britain, or Infants, Idiots, Lunaticks, or married Women, or other Persons as aforesaid. Name or Names of Trustees, &c. joined with me in such Trust, #c.

Witness my Hand this Day of

N° 3.

DECLARATIONS be made by Persons who have two or more Dwelling Houses, to be delivered to the

Assessors.

T do declare, That I am desirous of being charged to the Rates and Duties granted

x by an Act of the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in the of in the

of

If the Party means to be charged In different Parishes for different Parts of the Income, the Statements of the whole Income must be filled up and delivered in each of those Parishes; and in such Case the above muff specify the several Parishes, and the respective Proportions to be paid in each, by adding the same in the following Manner:

" Parish of in the of in respect of one - Part of my Income: And in the Parish of In the

of in respect of one other Part of my Income."

N° 4.

DECLARATION of the Name and Place of Residence of any Person or Persons to whom any Allow*

ances are made, which the Party is entitled todeduft.

Name or Names of Persons above described. Place of Residence. Sum allowed.

N’S;

I

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 22.

N° S.

DECLARATION of the Number of Children to be delivered to the Commercial Commissioners, if any Income is to be assessed by them, if not, to the Afllflors.

t do declare, That I have the undermentioned Child born in lawful Wedlock, and

principally maintained by me, and at my Expence; and that I have not deducted any Allowance made by me to such Child from my Income.

J Above the Age of six Years, Under the Age of six Years,

being respectively the Child of* in respect of whom I claim an Abatement after the Rate of per Centum from the Sum which have declared to be not less than one Part of my Income,

in pursuance of the said Acts; and am ready to verify this my Declaration as the Act requires.

Witness my Hand, this Day of

Here must be inserted, whether they are Children of the Claimant, or of his or her Wife or Husband by a former Marriage.

B.

N» 6.

STATEMENTS by Persons of their own Income to be delivered to the Assessors, either where the Party is not concerned in Trade or Manufacture, or is not desirous that the Whole of his Income, or the Part arising from Trade or Manufacture, should be assessed by the Commercial Commissioners; to be delivered open or sealed up, at the Election of the Party.

Where the Income does not amount to Sixty Pounds per Annum.

t do declare, That my Income, estimated according to the Directions and Rules of an Act,

A passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the P r of ecu-tion of the War; and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties, and of another Act for amending the said Act, doth not amount to the Sum of sixty Pounds per Annum. Dated this Day of

Signed

N° 7.

Where the Income amounts to sixty Pounds per Annum, and is under two hundred Pounds

t do declare. That my Income, estimated according to the Directions and Rules of an Act,

pafifed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prose-cation of the War; and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties, and of another Act for amending the said Act, doth not exceed the Sum of and that I am willing to pay the Sum of for my Contribution for one Year, from the fifth Day of April to the fifth Day of April the same being not less than one

Part of my Income, estimated as aforesaid, to be paid according to the Directions of the said Acts. Dated the Day of Signed

In this and in all Cases in which an Abatement is intended to be claimed for a Child or Children, the following Words shall be added, subject to the Abatement claimed by me on Account of a Child or Children, by virtue oi the said Act."

N° 8.

Where the Income amounts to two hundred Pounds, or upwards

t do declare. That I am willing to pay the Sum of for my Contribution for one

T’ Year, from the fifth Day of April until the fifth Day of April in pursuance of an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties imposed by an Atlj rnodeinthe last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties, and of another Act for amending the said Act; and 1 do declare, Th:t riie laid S jui of is not less than one Tenth Part of my Income, estimated according to the Directions and Rules

prescribed by the said Acts, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief. Dated this Day of

Signed

N*9;

68

A

C. 22.

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

N9*.

STATEMENTS by Persons.of their own Income, to be delivered to the Assessors, where a Part only is to be a foiled by Commercial Commissioners, as arising from Trade or Manufacture; and may be delivered sealed up or open.

J do declare. That my Income, estimated according to the Directions and Roles of an Act,

passed in the thirty ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War \ and4o make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties, and of another Act for amending the said Act, excluding such Part thereof as arises from Trade or Manufacture, doth not exceed the Sum of per Annum* Dated

the Day of

' Signed

N° 10.

STATEMENTS by Persons of their own Income, to be delivered to the Commercial Commissioners, where the Whole is intended to be charged before such Commissioners, as arising in Part or in the Whole from Trade or Merchandize.

T do declare, That I am willing to pay the Sum of for my Contribution for one

A Year, from the fifth Day of April until the fifth Day of April in pursuance of an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War 5 and io, make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties, and of another Act for amending the said Act; and I do declare. That the Sum of is not lese than one ' Part of my Income, estimated according to the DJ-

reftions and Rules prescribed by the said Acts, to the best of ray Knowledge and Belief. Dated this. Day of Signed

N°-n.

STATEMENTS by Persons of their own Income, to be delivered to the Commercial Commissioners ' where a Part of the Income arises from Trade or Manufacture, which Part only they are desirous should be addled by such Commissioners.

T do declare, That I am willing to pay the Sum of for my Contribution for one

x Year, from the fifth Day of April until the fifth Day of April in pursuance of an Act,

Passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties im-Pqfed by an Act, made in the la (I Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the IVlr; and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties, and ot another Act for amending the said Act; and I do declare, That the Sum of is not less than one Part of my Income, estimated according to the Directions and Rules prescribed by the said Act, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, in respect of such Part thereof as arises from Trade or Manufacture; and that a Statement of the Residue of my Income, not arising from Trade or Manufacture, hath been delivered to the AiTessors, or one of them, for the of

in the County of Dated this Day of

Signed

N° 12.

C. I 3. Officers of Corporations are to jptefy what Part of the Income of such Corporations is net chargeable to the hat id f by virtue of the Exemptions in §87, 68, 89, of that

STATEMENTS of Income by Trustees, Agents, et cetera, on Behalf of others, for whom they aft as Trustees, et cetera, to be delivered to the Assessors.

Where the Inoome does not amount to sixty Pounds per Annum.

T do declare. That the Income of for whom I am estimated according

x to the Directions and Rules of an Act of Parliament, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his Present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War; and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpoja, by granting certain Duties upon Income* in lieu of the said Duties, and of another Act for amending the said Act, doth not amount to the Sum of Sixty Pounds per Annum. Dated this Day of

Signed

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 22, 23. 89

N° 13.

Illicre the Income amounts to sixty Pounds per Annum, and is under two hundred Pounds.

j do declare, That the Income of for whom I am estimated accord-

x ing to the Directions and Rules of an Act of Parliament, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties imposed by an Acl3 made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Projection of the War; and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties, and ot another Act for amending the said Act, doth not exceed the Sum of and that I am willing, on Behalf of the said

to pay the Sum of for Contribution for one Year, from the fifth Day of April

to the fifth Day of April the same being not less than one Part of Income,

estimated as aforesaid, to be paid according to the Directions of the said Act. Dated this Day of

Signed

N° 14.

Where the Income amounts to two hundred Pounds per Ammm% or upwards.

T do declare. That I am willing, on Behalf of for whom I am to

x pay the Sum of for Contribution for one Year, from the fifth Day of April

to the fifth Day of April in pursuance of an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties impfd by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War \ and to make more effectual Provison for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties. and of another Act for amending the said Act; and I do declare. That the said Sum of is not less than one tenth

Part of Income, estimated according to the Directions and Rules prescribed by the said Acts, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief. Dated this Day of

Signed

c.

N°ij.

NOTICE to be given to Assessors, duly filled up and signed, where any Income is intended to be charged

by the Commercial Commissioners.

'TAKE Notice, That engaged in Trade or Manufacture f, and mean to be charged

to the Rates and Duties granted by an Act of the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, under the Powers and Provisions vested in and given to the Commercial Commissioners for the of

in the County of J

Witness my Hand this Day of

I, (or We, if Partners,) [or, if not on his own Account, on the Behalf of,) am [or are)

f Here set forth the Branch or Branches of Trade or Manufacture, and the Place or Places where the same Is carried on,

X If the Party has other Income, not to be charged by the Commercial Commissioners, the above mu ft specify that he means to be charged to such Part of the Income as arises from his Trade or Manufacture, by adding these Words alter the filling up of the Blank for the County, " for such Part of my Income as arises from Trade and Manufacture.

---

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to repeal certain parts of three acts, made in the thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for raising a provisional force of cavalry; and for making further provision respecting such part of the provisional cavalry of this kingdom as is now actually called out and embodied.

[37 Geo. 3. cc. 6, 23. 38 Geo. 3. c. 94.]

[21st March 1799.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that such Part of the Provisional Force of Cavalry, raised by virtue of two several Acts, passed in the thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty, as hath not been embodied prior to or under another Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, should be forthwith disbanded, in the Manner and according to the Regulations herein after mentioned; and that such Part of the said Provisional Cavalry as hath been embodied prior to or under the said Act, should remain embodied under the Regulations of the said Acts and of this Act, until the End of the present War, or such shorter Time as his Majesty shall think proper, and then to be disbanded, in like Manner as the Provisional Cavalry, not now embodied, is directed by this Act to be disbanded: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[

That in every County. Riding, or Place, where the Provisional Cavalry thereof 3^ Geo. 3-shall have been embodied prior to the patting of the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, all and every ^a4}haH ex- 39 Geo. III. N the t-ndto Pro-

90 C. 23. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

the Provisions, Clauses, Regulations, Privileges, Matters, and Things, in the said Act or in this Act contained, relating to Provisional Cavalry embodied under the said Act, shall be extended to, and are hereby declared to be in force, and shall be applied to any Provisional Cavalry embodied prior to the passing of the said Act, and now remaining embodied, in as full and ample a Manner, in every Respect, as to any other Provisional Cavalry raised, and now* embodied under the above recited Acts, or any or either of them,

II. And be it further enacted, That in every County, Riding, and Place, the Provisional Cavalry whereof is not now embodied, the Provisions of the said several Acts, or of any other Acts respecting the said Provisional Force of Cavalry, which relate to the muttering, training, and exercising, or embodying, the said Provisional Cavalry, or to the making any further Allowances for the Expences of keeping the Horses belonging to such Provisional Cavalry, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be, and the same are hereby repealed; and that in every County or Riding, the Provisional Cavalry whereof is now embodied, all the Provisions contained in the several Acts aforesaid, which relate to the furnishing any Mare or Gelding for such Provisional Cavalry, or providing any Men to serve therein, shall also, from and after the passing of this Act, be, and the same are hereby repealed.

visional Cavalry embodied prior to parting the former Act, and now remaining embodied.

Where the Provisional Cavalry is not now emlxxiied, the Provisions relating to mustering, &c.; and where now embodied, the Provisions re-. rating to furnishing Mares, &c- and providing Men, repealed.

Where the Provisional Cavalry is not now embodied, and any Mare, &c. hai been furnished oat of any Publick Money, the Sum so expended, or such Part as the Deputy Lieutenants, or Court of Lieutenancy, shall adjudge reasonable, shall be repaid to such Person as they, with the Consent of the Receiver General, shall order, or the Mare,

Scc4 shall be delivered to such Person as they shall appoint, to be sold, and the Produce, of the Sum so repaid, shall be paid over to the

III. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Provisional Cavalry is not now embodied, and any Mare or Gelding, Cloaths, Furniture, or Accoutrements, or other Articles, as required by the said Acts, have been furnitfied to any Person serving, or ballotted to serve, in the Provisional Cavalry, out of any Publick Monies applied under any of the said Acts, or any Allowance of any Publick Monies has been made to any Person so serving or ballotted as aforesaid, for the providing any Mare or Gelding, Cloaths, Furniture, Accoutrements, or other Articles required to be provided according to the Directions of the said Acts, that then and in every such Case the Sum of Money expended in the furniflfing such Mare or Gelding, Cloaths, Furniture, or Accoutrements, or other Articles, as required by the said Acts, or as an Allowance to the Person ballotted, or Class from which the Person was ballotted for the providing the same, or such Proportion thereof as the Deputy Lieutenants, or Court of Lieutenancy, shall, under all Circumstances, adjudge reasonable, not being in any Case less than one Half of the Sum so advanced, shall be repaid to such Person, at or before the Time of the said Provisional Cavalry being disbanded, as the Deputy Lieutenants of the Division, or Court of the Lieutenancy of the Place, with the Consent of the Receiver General for the County, Riding, or Place, in which such Person was ballotted to serve, shall authorize to receive the same, according to the Order of the said Deputy Lieutenants, or Court of Lieutenancy, or in Default thereof, the Mare or Gelding, Cloaths, Furniture, Accoutrements, and other Articles so furnished or provided as aforesaid, shall be forthwith delivered to such Person as shall be appointed by the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, or Court of Lieutenancy, to receive the same; and all such Mares,' Geldings. Cloaths, Furniture, Accoutrements, and other Articles so ordered* to be delivered, shall thereupon be (old and disposed of by Publick Auction, as soon as conveniently may be, for the belt Price that can be obtained, and the Money so to be repaid, or the Produce arising from such Sales, or so much thereof as have been so advanced, shall be paid over to such Receiver General, or his Deputy* and go in Payment, or in Aid of Payment, of the Sums required to replace the Monies advanced by such Receiver General, under the said Acts for the Provisional Cavalry raised in such Division.or Place: Provided always, That any Overplus arising from such Sale, after paying the Money advanced, or such Proportion thereof as aforesaid, to such Receiver General as aforesaid, shall be repaid to the Party who shall have provided such Mare, Gelding, Cloaths, Furniture, Accoutrements, or other Articles as aforesaid.

Receiver General. Any Overplus from Sales shall be repaid the Party who provided the Mare, &c.

Where the Provisional Cavalry has not been embodied, the Deputy Lieutenants of each Subdivision, and the Court of Lieutenancy of any Place, shall meet and cause such as shall not have been furnished at the Publick Expence, with Mares, &c. to be disbanded, and appoint a Day for mustering such as, shall not be disbanded j and such ai shall

IV. And be it further enacted, That in the several Counties, Ridings, and Places, where the Provisional Cavalry has not been embodied, the Deputy Lieutenants of each Subdivision of such County or Riding, and the Court of Lieutenancy of any Place, shall, as soon after the passing of this Act as conveniently may be, meet in their respective Subdivisions and Places, and cause all such of the provisional Cavalry in their several Subdivisions and Places respectively as shall not have been furnished as aforesaid, at the Publick Expence, with any Mares, Geldings, Cloaths, Furniture* or Accoutrements, or shall not have received any Allowances for the providing any Mares, Geldings, Cloaths, Furniture, or Accoutrements, to be forthwith disbanded; and shall, at such Meeting, appoint a Day, not later than fourteen‘Days from the Time of such first Meeting, for the muttering of all such Provisional Cavalry as shall not have been disbanded at such first: Meeting as aforesaid, and by whom any Mare, Gelding, Cloaths, Furniture, or Accoutrements, ought to be returned, or Allowances granted, ought to be repaid as aforesaid; and every Person for whom any Mare or Gelding, Cloaths, Furniture, or Accoutrements, shall have been furnished at the Publick Expence, or to whom any Allowance of Money has been made for providing the same, who shall neglect to attend such Mutter, or to fend some Agent on his or her Behalf, to deliver up at such Meeting such Mare, Gelding, Cloaths, Furniture, or Accoutrements as ought to be returned at such Meeting, or to repay such Sum of Money as may be due in lieu thereof, to the Person appointed by the Deputy Lieutenants, or Court of Lieutenancy, to receive the same as aforesaid, shall forfeit such Sum of Money as shall be fixed, by any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or such Court of Lieutenancy, at such Meeting as aforesaid, not exceeding the Sum of twenty Pounds, which. Sum shall be certified to the respective Commissioners, and shall be added, to the last or next Assessment of such Person in respect of the Duties on Horses in the said Acts

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 23. 91

mentioned, and levied, and accounted for together with the Duties therein contained, as Part thereof, have been founder the lame Powers as the Duties on Horses may by LaW be levied and recovered* to*d w>*h

any Mare,

at the Publick Expence, who shall neglect to attend to deliver up such Mare, &c. shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding 10L

V. And be it further enacted, That the Summons for attending such Musters shall be issued, and Summon* for Notice thereof given by the Constables and other Officers, In their respective Jurisdictions, in the same

Manner as is directed in the said last mentioned Act, for giving Notice of any Time and Place of Exercise Notkc Vhe?^-Under the said last mentioned Act of shall be given as Notice of Time and Place of Exercise under 38 Geo. 3. c. 94. ir*

VI. And be it further enacted, That in every County, Riding, or Place, the Provisional Cavalry where the Pro-whereof shall be now embodied, the Officer commanding such Provisional Cavalry shall, within one Month after the; passing of this Act, cause an Account to be taken of the several Mares and Geldings in such Provisional Cavalry that shall be fit for Military Service, distinguishing in the said Account such as shall have been valued, and of which Certificates of Value shall have been granted at or after the embodying of such Provisional Cavalry, as is directed by the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, or by any former Act relating to the Provisional Force of Cavalry, and shall cause such Account to be transmitted to the Lieutenant, or in his Absence to the Deputy Lieutenants of the County, Riding, or Place to which such Provisional Cavalry shall belong; and the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants of such County, Riding, or Place,

shall thereupon cause all such Mares or Geldings as have not been so valued as aforesaid, to be valued by two (kilfu) Persons, to be named, with the Approbation of such Commanding Officer, by the said Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants of such County, Riding, or Place, according to the Price at which the same might be fold, such Price not in any Case to exceed the Sum of twenty-five Pounds and thereupon, and upon Production of the joint Cert ficate of the Commanding Officer of such Provisional Cavalry, or of the Officer appointed by him to attend such Valuation, and of the Persons making such Valuation, or upon Production of the Certificate of Valuation granted under the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, or such other Acts as aforesaid, respectively indorsed by the Clerk to the General Meeting of Lieutenancy of the said County, Riding, or Place, which indorsement shall specify whether any and what Allowance shall have been made to the Person providing any such Mare or Gelding, for and towards providing the same, it shall be lawful for the Receiver General of the same County, Riding or Place, or his Deputy, and he is hereby required to pay or remit the valued Price of such Mare or Gelding, after deducing the Amount of the Allowance that shall appear by such Certificate to have been made for or towards providing the /ame, to the Person or Class to whom such Mare or Gelding shall belong, within ten Days after Demand of such Price as aforesaid, out of any Publick Monies in the Hands of such Receiver or his Deputy, arising out of any Duties receivable by such Receiver; which Certificate, so indorsed as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Receiver General, and which Sums shall be reimbursed to such Receiver General, out of any Monies which shall then have been or thereafter shall be voted by the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament afletnbled, towards, defraying the Extraordinaries of the Army.

the Horses shall belong. Receiver General to be riimbursed out of the Extraordinarie* of the Army.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commanding Officer shall also cause an Account to be The Command, taken, and transmitted to the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid of the County, Riding, or Place to which such Provisional Cavalry shall belong, of all the Mares and Geldings in such Provisional Cavalry that shall, on an Examination by him to be had within the Time herein-before mentioned, be deemed unfit for Military Service, and shall alia cause all such last mentioned Mares and Geldings to be returned, according to such Orders as the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid shall give for that Purpose, to the Persons respectively providing the same: Provided always, That in every Case where any such last mentioned Mare or Gelding hath been provided at the Publick Expence, or any Allowance of Publick Monies shall have been made to any such Person for or towards providing any such Mare or Gelding, then and in such Case the said Mare or Gelding shall not be returned, but on Re-payment of the Sums so advanced, to the Person appointed by such Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants to receive the same, and in Default of such Re payment, the said Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants shall forthwith cause such Mare or Gelding to be sold, in Manner herein-before directed as to the Cases before mentioned; and after Payment of such Sum or Allowance as shall have been advanced for or towards providing such Mare or Gelding, to the Receiver General or his Deputy, in the Manner and for the Purposes herein-before fliecified in other the like Cases of Re-payment, and after deducing the Expences of such Sale, the Surplus arising therefrom shall be forthwith paid to the Person or Class who shall have provided such Mare or Gelding.

visional Cavalry it now embodied, the Commanding Officer shall cause an Account to be taken of the Mares, &c. fit for Military Service, distinguishing such *' have been valued, and shall transmit such Account to the County Lieutenant, who shall cause such to be valued as have not been; and, upon Production of the pro* p.r Certificate, the Receiver General shall pay the valued Price, after deducing any Allowance that may have been made, to the Persons or Classes to whom

VIII. And be it further enacted, That during the Time any such Provisional Cavalry shall remain embodied, any Vacancies therein may be filled up and recruited in such Manner as any Fencible Regiment of Cavalry may be recruited, and for that Purpose it shall be lawful for any Officer, Serjeant, or other Person, serving for the Time being in such embodied Provisional Cavalry, being thereunto authorised by the Commanding Officer for the Time being of such Provisional Cavalry, to beat up for and enlist Volunteers in any City, Town, Parish, or Place, within the County, Riding, or Place, to which such Provisional Cavalry belongs, but not elsewhere, to serve in such Provisional Cavalry, during all such Time as tho said Provisional Cavalry may be embodied to serve by virtue of the said Acts.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall have found or shall hereafter find any Substitute in any Provisional Cavalry, that shall remain embodied as aforesaid, shall be permitted to change such

in£ Officer rtull cause an Account to be transmitted to the County Lieutenant of Horses deemed unfit for Military Service, and cause them to be returned as the Lieutenant shall order to the Persons providing the m* But If any Publick Expence has been Incurred it (haQ be repaid, or the Horses shall be fold. Vacancies in embodied Provisional Cavalry may be recruited as Fencible Cavalry, in the Place to which it belongs.

Substitutes in embodied Provisional Cavalry mall not be

92 C. 23. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Substitute, and provide another Person, to be enrolled in lieu of such Substitute in Manner directed in the said lad above recited Act, unless with the Consent of the Commanding Officer of such Provisional Cavalry, or of such other Officer of such Provisional Cavalry as may be authorised by such Commanding Officer to give such Consent.

X. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said first above recited ASi as prohibits the carrying out of Great Britain the Whole or any Part of the Provisional Cavalry, shall, during the Continuance of the present War, be (11!pended, so far as relates to any embodied Provisional Cavalry, or any Part thereof, who his Majesty may think proper to permit to serve out of Great Britain, in confluence of any voluntary Offers that may be made by them to that Effect, and duly certified to that Effect by their Commanding Officer: Provided always, That, previous to the certifying such Offer, the Commanding Officer shall have explained to the Persons making the same, that the same, if made, is purely voluntary on their Part, and that no Person serving in such Provisional Cavalry can be compelled to make such Offer, or toengageto serve out of this Kingdom, except by his own Consent signified.

XI. And be it further enacted, That when any Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Tyth-ing, or Place, shall, after the passing of this Act, pav any Sum or Sums of Money, under and by virtue of the Regulations of the said before recited Act passed in the latt: Session of Parliament, for of towards the Relief of the Family of any Person serving in the embodied Provisional Cavalry, that then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place, where such Payment shall have been made, and they are hereby required, once in every Quarter of a Year, to enquire into and examine the Account of Monies so paid as aforesaid, at the Request, and on the Oath or solemn Affirmation of such Overseer or Overseers, and shall thereupon allow all such Payments as shall appear to such Justices to have actually been made after the passing of this Act, under and by virtue of the Regulations of the said above-mentioned Act; and shall also thereupon forthwith make an Order for the Receiver General of such County, Riding, or Place, to pay the Sum allowed by them in such Account, out of any Monies in the Hands of such Receiver General, arising from any Duties receivable by him as such Receiver General; and such Receiver General or his Deputy shall, and they are hereby respectively required to pay the Sum so allowed in such Account as aforesaid, or to remit the same, within ten Days after the Receipt of such Order, to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Tything, or Place, from which such Order shall have been transmitted to him, and such Order, certifying the Amount allowed in such Account, shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Receiver General for Payment of such Sum of Money; and which Sums shall be reimbursed to such Receiver General, out of the Sums voted for the Extraordinaries of the Army as before mentioned.

XII. And be it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty shall think it convenient to disband any Regiment or Corps of Provisional Cavalry now embodied, the Officer having 4he Command thereof shall at such Time as the General Officer of the District shall, pursuant to his Majesty's Direction to be signified in such Order, fix, cause the Provisional Cavalry of such County or Riding to be marched, under their respective Officers, to any Place or Places appointed for that Purpose, within the County, Riding, or Place to which they respectively belong: and the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants of such County, Riding, or Place, shall, on fbme convenient Day preceding the Day fixed for disbanding such Provisional Cavalry, cause the same to be muttered, and there to be dtthanded.

V/litn Over-IVers of rlie Poor, alter Mlfin^ tins Ad, fa a 11 relieve ttie Family of any Person ftrving in the embodied Pro* vilional Cavalry, two Juf-ticcs shall txa-11 line Quarterly the Account, and order Payment by the Receiver General, who shall reimbursed out of the Extraordinaries of the Army.

When hisMa-jessy shall think tit to disband any embodied Provisional Cavalry, the Commanding Officer shall, at such Time as the* General

Officer of the District fixes, cause limn to march to the Place appointed, previous to which they shall be muttered.

Fay, Allow.

a»ice>, and '

Service shall ccafe from the Days fixed for Dish.inriment.

Receiver General shall mike up an Account of Monies ad's anted and repaid, and apportion the bums due from each Division; and may require the Clerks to the Lieutenancy, and to the cioinmissionert of Land Tax, to transmit him such Accounts as lie may think

The Receivers Gencial, as soon d% they

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Pay of the Officers and Private Men of the Provisional Cavalry now embodied, which shall be so disbanded as aforesaid, and all Allowances for the Keep of any such Mares or Geldings belonging to the Provisional Cavalry not now embodied, and all further Services under the said Acts, or any of them, shall wholly ceale and determine from the respective Days fixed, in Manner herein before mentioned, for the disbanding the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Receiver General of every County, Riding, and Place in England shall, as soon after the passing of this Act as the same can be done, make up an Account of all Monies advanced by him under any of the said Acts, and also an Account of all Monies which have been repaid to him on Account of the same, and shall compare the Sums advanced with the Sums repaid, in each Division of the County or Riding for which there are separate Sets of acting Commissioners of Land Tax, and apportion the Sums due from each Division; and the said Receiver General may, and he is hereby authorised to require the several Clerks to the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants, and also the several Clerks of the Commissioners of Land Tax within his County, Riding, or Place, to make out and transmit, with all Dispatch, not to exceed, in any Case, two Months from the said Account being required by such Receiver General, all such Accounts as he may think necessary to enable him to make out such Accounts, and to apportion such Charges in Manner herein-before required; and if any such Clerk shall neglect or refuse to make out such Accounts within the Time herein-before required, he shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered as.aoy Penalty may by the said Acts, or any of them* be recovered.

necessary for that Purpose. Penal:/ of aol. on Clerk for Neglect.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Receivers General of the several Counties, Ridings, and Places in England) shall, as soon as they shall respectively have made up their Accounts of the several Sums due

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 23. 93

in the several Divisions of their respective Counties or Ridings, and in their several Places, cause the re-foeftive Sums so appearing due, to be certified under their respective Hands, or the Hands of their respective Deputies, to the several Clerks to the Commissioners for executing an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Ahtles, and Dogs, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and the respective Clerks to such Commissioners shall immediately proceed, upon the Receipt of such Certificate, to make out and proportion the respective Sums to be added to each Person’s last Assessment of the said Duties on Horses in their respective Divisions and Places, and all such Sums so certified shall, by force and virtue of such Certificate, be assessed by the respective Commissioners, in their several and respective Divisions, upon all and every the Persons liable to the Duties upon Horses, in like Manner in every Respect, and according to the same Rules and Directions, as are mentioned in the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the Regulation of the Provisional Force of Cavalry; and every such Clerk who shall not, within one Month after the Receipt of such Certificate, make out an Account of the due Proportion of each Person’s Assessments, in Manner herein-before and in the said Act directed, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as any Penalties may be recovered and applied under the said first recited Acts.

shall have made, up their Accounts, shall certify the Sums due to the Clerks of the Commissioners for executing 38 Geo. 3. c. 41. who shall proportion the Sum to be added to each Performs last Assessmene of the Duties on Horses.

Penalty of 2c!.

Cl^rLf for M.-crl/OK

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where the Deputy Lieutenants of any County or Riding shall, at any General Meeting of Lieutenancy, have made any Order, or granted any Certificate for the Payment, by any Receiver General, of any Money under any of the said Acts, without distinguishing in such Order or Certificate, the Proportions of the Sums to be assessed in each Division of such County or Riding for the Re-payment to the said Receiv er General of the Money to be advanced upon such Order or Certificate, and such Receiver General shall thereupon have advanced such Sum of Money, that then, and in every such Cale, it shall be lawful for such Receiver General, and he is hereby required, to apportion such Sum of Money among the several Divisions of such County or Riding, in Proportion to the Number jof Men raised for the Provisional Cavalry in each of such Divisions, as near as the same can he done, and thereupon to cause the respective Sums of Money, that appear upon such Apportionment to be the respective Proportions of each Division as aforesaid, to be certified under his Hand, or the Hand of his Deputy, to the several Clerks to the Commissioners aforesaid, of the several Divisions of such County or Riding, in their respective Divisions; and the said respective Sums of Money so certified by such Receiver General as aforesaid, shall be thereupon immediately apportioned by such respective Clerks, and assess'ed, raised, levied, and collected in the respective Divisions, in like Manner in every Respect, and according to the same Rules^and Regulations, and under the like Penalties, as are herein-before directed in other Cases of Money certified by such Receiver General for the Purpose of being assessed as aforesaid.

Where Deputy Lieutenants hn\e made an Order for Payment of Money by any Receiver General, without ciilt.n-guishing the Sums to be assessed in each Division, the Receiver General shall apportion the same in Proportion to the Number of Men raised, and certify the same to the Clerks to the Commissioners of the Divisions, who shall apportion thefamt

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Assessments made before the passing of this Act upon the several Persons liable to the Duties upon Horses in their respective Divisions, shall be, and are hereby declared to be respectively valid Assessments, notwithstanding that any of such Assessments

shall not have been added to each Person’s last Assessment of the said Duties on Horses, in such respective Division, in the Manner directed by the said recited Acts, but shall have been made separate and distinct therefrom; and it shall be lawful in every such Case for the said respective Commissioners in every such Division, to cause such Assessment to be collected and levied separate and distinct from the other Assessment of the Duties on Horses or Persons in such Division, and they are hereby respectively authorised to cause such Assessments to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Party assessed, and for that Purpose to issue Warrants for the levying thereof in such and the like Manner, and to proceed therein by all such Ways and Means, and under such Powers, as they may lawfully do in the levying any Assessment of the Duties upon Horses under any Act or Acts relating to such last mentioned Assessments.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the respective Commissioners of Land Tax and other tjhe Duties before mentioned, shall neglect or refuse to perform the several Duties required of them under this Act, or any of them, or shall neglect or refuse to issue any Warrant of Distress for the levying of any Sum of Money contained in any such Assessment as aforesaid, made upon any Person within the Division of such Commissioners respectively, so neglecting or refuting as aforesaid, that then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace of the County or Riding where such Default shall be made, upon Complaint being exhibited to them of such Omission and Neglect by the Receiver General of such County or Riding, or his Deputy, or by any Inspector or Surveyor of the said Duties, or by the Collector appointed to col left the same, and such Justices are hereby required to execute the several Duties, Matters, and Things, omitted or neglected to be done by such Commissioners, and on Proof thereof, on the Oath or Affirmation of any credible Witness or Witnesses to issue their Warrant for the levying such Assessment as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Party assessed j and such Justices are hereby authorised and required to act in all Matters and Things relating thereto, and carry this Act into Execution in all Matters relating thereto, in as full and ample a Manner, and with such and the like Powers and Authorities, as such Commissioners ought to and might have done.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all such Sums of Money as shall have been or shall be advanced by the respective Receivers General in pursuance of the said Acts, and shall not have been or shall not be assessed by any Assessment within the Year ending on the fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred, shall be afleffea and raised, levied and paid, in the respective Divisions in or for which the same Monies shall have been or shall be advanced, upon the same Persons respectively, who by any Assessment to be made of the

Assessments made prior to this Act on Persons liable to the Duties on Houses, shall be valid, though not added to the last Arftir-ment, and may be collected separately.

If the respective Commissioners of Land Tax, &c. ne-ghO to perform, their Duty, two Justices may perform it.

If Money advanced by ike Receiver G«.ne-r.d shall not be

a lit lied within the Year tr.d-dig April 5,

94. C. 23 - 29. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

[1800, it may be the Duties upon Horses for the Year commencing ascerthe said fifth Day of April one thousand eight hun-

aflVfled the next Jred, shall be charged to the said Duties, and in Proportion to the Number of Horses so charged upon such

car* Persons respectively.

---

[Act may be altered or repealed this Session.]

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of May next, an Act made in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Nine, videlicet, on the fourth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, for continuing several Acts made in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh, and in the thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for suspending the Operation of certain Acts made in the fifteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

[21st March 1799.]

"Cap. 9. of this Session recited, and further continued to May 25, 1799. Act may be altered or repealed this Session." [See post. c. 47.]

CAP. XXV.

An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of May next, an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Ten, videlicet, on the fourth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, for continuing several Acts for allowing the Banks, and certain Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under a certain Amount.

[21st March 1799.]

"37 Geo. III. Cap. 40.; 37 Geo. III. Cap. 62.; 37 Geo. III. Cap. 137.; 38 Geo. III. Cap. 2.; and 39 Geo. III. Cap. 10. recited. The last recited Act continued till May 25, 1799. Act may be repealed, &c. this Session. [See c. 48.] No Notes under 5s. to be issued under Authority of this Act."

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred, an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-six, videlicet, on the sixth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for disallowing the Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of Sail Cloth or Canvas of the Manufacture of Great Britain.

[21st March 1799.]

"37 Geo. III. Cap. 76. (continued till March 25, 1799, by 38 Geo. III. c. 30.) further continued till March 25, 1800."

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to revive and continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred, an Act passed in the Session of Parliament of the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-two, videlicet, on the sixth of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for prohibiting the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into this Kingdom, not being of the Manufacture of Ireland, except for the Purpose of being warehoused for Exportation.

[21st March 1799.]

"37 Geo. III. Cap. 72. (continued till March 1, 1799, by 38 Geo. III. c. 3.) revived and continued till March 25, 1800."

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to continue, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred, an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, Chapter Fifteen, videlicet, on the thirteenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, for granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported; and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax.

[21st March 1799.]

"29 Geo. II Cap. 15. (continued by several Acts, the last 38 Geo. III. c. 35. §1.) further continued till June 24, 1800."

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity of twelve thousand Pounds on His Royal Highness Prince Edward and a like Annuity of twelve thousand Pounds on His Royal Highness Prince Ernest Augustus, during His Majesty's Pleasure.

[21st March 1799.]

"His Majesty may grant to Prince Edward and Prince Ernest Augustus, Annuities of 12,000l. each, from January 5, 1799, payable Quarterly out of the Consolidated Fund. §1. The Annuities to be paid at the Exchequer without Fees; and to be free from all Taxes. §2."

A.D. 1799. Anno, tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 30, 31, 358. 95

CAP. XXX.

An Act to enable His Majesty to settle on Her Royal Highness the Princess Amelia, Part of the Annuity of thirty thousand Pounds per Annum, which His Majesty was enabled to settle on their Royal Highnesses His Majesty's other Daughters, out of the Hereditary Revenues, by virtue of an Act passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

[21st March 1799.]

---

18 Geo. III. Cap. 31. recited, whereby his Majesty was enabled to settle on the five Princesses Charlotte,

Augusta, Elizabeth, Mary, and Sophia, an Annuity of to,000l. with a Proviso, that on the Marriage of any one (with a Portion of {0,000l.) the whole Annuity mould accrue to the other Princesses. The Princess Royal having married, his Majesty is by this Act empowered to settle on the five Princesses, Augusta, Elizabeth% Mary, Sophia, and Amelia, instead of the Annuity mentioned in the recited Act, an Annuity of 30,000l.

to commence from the Demise of his Majesty, and to (^payable out of such Part of the Hereditary Revenues of the Crown, as by 27 Geo. III. c. it. were made Part of the Consolidated Fund. §1. Upon the Marriage (with a Portion of 40,000l.) or Death of one or two of the (kid Princesses, the whole Annuity to accrue to the other four or three Princesses. If a third Princess dies or marries, the Annuity of 30,000l.

to cease, and an Annuity of 20,000l. to accrue to the two remaining Princesses: and on the Death or Marriage of either of them, the remaining Princess to have an Annuity of 12,000l. and no more, determin- able by her Death or Marriage. §2. This Act not to obstruct the Payment of any Money heretofore charged on the Hereditary Revenues. §3. Annuities to be paid, without Fee, at the Exchequer, or by the Commissioners, &c. of the Revenues on which they are changed, and the Receipts of the Princesses, &c.

shall be sufficient Discharges. §4. Annuities to be Tax-free. In case the Officer of the Receipt of the Exchequer, &c. shall neglect to pay the Annuities on Demand, they, or their Securities, may be sued for the same. §4. All the Powers, &c. to be contained in his Majesty's Letters Patent securing Payment of the Annuities, shall be effectual in Law. §5. General Saving. §6."

---

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to continue, until the tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and amend an act passed in the last session of parliament, chapter ninety-two, videlicet, On the twenty-ninth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, for granting to his Majesty additional duties on distilleries in the several parts of the highlands of Scotland, for a limited time, and for regulating the duties on distilleries in the respective districts in Scotland; and for granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on spirits distilled for consumption, and a duty on unmalted grain used in distillation in Scotland.

[10th April 1799.]

---

"38 Geo. III. Cap. 02. recited. Reei ted Ad, and the Duties thereby imposed, except the further Duty upon Briujh Spirits in Stock,) further continued until July 10, 1709. §1.

[to November 10, 1800. See pofi. 44 c. 78 ] Licences for distilling in the Lowlands, and for rectifying in any Part of Scotland, which were to continue inforce till April 10, to be further continued till July 10, 1799, subject to the same Rate of Duty, which is to be paid in Advance by two instalments. $ 2.

[See c. 78. §2, 3.] Licences for Stills in the Highlands within the Limits specified in 33 Geo. Wl. Cap. 61. and 33 Geo. \\LCap. 102. which were to continue in force till April 10, to be further continued till July 10, 1799, uP?n Payment of the Duties imposed by the latter Act.

[See c. 78. §4.) Such Licence Duties to beheld the Duties on certain Quantities of Spirits manufactured, and 3 s. per Gallon to be paid for the Surplus. §3. On giving previous Notice, Licences may be, vacated. §4.

[See c. 78, §5.] Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §5*" [See c. 78.J

---

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to permit Ships to sail from certain Ports of the Island of Newfoundland, and from the Coast of Labrador, without Convoy.

[10th April 1799.]

---

WHEREAS it is expedient for the Benefit of the Trade of the Island of Newfoundland and of the Coast of Labrador, and the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on from thence, that Ships and Vessels should, in some cases, be permitted to fail and depart from the said Island of Newfoundland and Coast of Labrador, without being under the Protection of Convoy be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after Vessels laden the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Ship or Vessel employed in the Newfoundland Fishery, being wholly laden with Fish or other Produce of the said Fishery, or with Articles of the Growth Cr Articles 1 or Produce of the said Island of Newfoundland or Coast of Labrador^ to fail or depart from any Port or the Growth or Place within the said Island, or on the said Coast, (except as herein after is provided,) without being accom- Produce of panied with or being under the Protection of Convoy, or without a Licence having been obtained, autho- Newfoundland fixing such Ship or Vessel so t\$ fail or depart; any Thing in an Act passed in the last Session of Parlia- foil with ment, for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes, to the contrary nt>t- cut Convoy

withstanding, Licence notwithstanding 38 Geo. 3. c. 76. § x.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed tmestcad, to permit or allow any Ship or Vessel to fail or depart from the Port of St. John's, in the said

Island

Vessels not to fail from the Port of St.

96: C. 32, 33, 34. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

John’s without Convoy or Licence, while any Person authorised to prant Licences

Island of Newfoundland, without being under the Protection of Convoy, or without Licence being first ob* tained for that Purpose, during the Time any Admiral, or other Person duly authorised by the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time bein^, to grant Licences for permitting Ships or Vessels to fail or depart without being under the Protection of Convoy, shall be Rationed or resident at the said Port of Saint John's.

shall be resident theicat.

Policies of In-

III. And be it further enacted, That nothing in the before recited Act passed in the last Session of Par-bc' vold on vl°f lament foall extend, or be construed to extend, to render null or void any Policy*of Insurance made or to fels* L fail a) g he made on any Ship or Vessel, or on the Goods or Merchandize laden therein, on account of such Ship or trom New. Vessel failing or departing from the Island of Newfoundland or Coast of Labrador, without being under the toundh.idor Protection of Convoy, under the Authority of this Act, nor shall any Penalty be incurred by any Mailer or Labrador with- Commander of any Ship or Vessel, or by any other Person whatever, on account of any Ship or Vessel failing any Penalty"©1, departing, under the Authority of this Act, from the said Island of Newfoundland or Coast of Labradorr be incurred. without being accompanied with and under the Protection of Convoy.

---

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

[19th April 1799.]

"1,500,000l. may be raised by Loans and Exchequer Bills, before June 1, 1799; Exchequer Bills shall not be received again in Payment of any Taxes; nor exchanged before Nov. 20, 1799. §1-3. To be repaid out of any Money payable under Cap. 13. of this Session, and if the Money paid under that Act, before Nov. 20, 1799, be insufficient, to be charged on the Consolidated Fund. §4. Such Exchequer Bills may be paid in on the first, second, or third Installments, or on Account of any Payment in full under the said Act. §5."

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for repealing two Acts, passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, which limit the Time for killing Partridges in England and Scotland; and for amending so much of an Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to such Limitation within that Part of Great Britain called England, by making other Provisions for that Purpose.

[19th April 1799.]

[2 Geo. 3. c. 19.]

---

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for the better Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called England; it was, amongst other Things enacted, That no Person or Periods, after the first Day of June ne thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, should, upon any Pretence whatsoever, t.ue, kill, delhoy, carry, fell, buy, or have in his, her, or their Possession or Use, any Partridge, between the twcitch Day of February and the 36 Geo. 3. c. 39. 4 firfc Day of September, in any Year, under the Penalty therein mentioned: /Mid whereas by another Act, passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his prefer* Majelh, (or amending the said last mentioned Act, the said Rdtriclion was repealed; and it was enacted, That, from and after the passing of the said Act, no Person or Persons should, on any Pretence whatsoever, take, kdl, destroy, carry, (eil, buy, or have in his, her, or their Portession or Use, any Partridge, between the twelfth Day of February and the fourteenth Day of September, in any Year, under the same Penalty as by the said last mentioned Act is imposed: And whereas by an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-13 Geo. 3. c. 5*. c titukd, An Act for the more effectual Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for repeating and amending several of the Laws now in being, relative thereto; it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That every Person4, who should wilfully take, kill, destroy, carry, fell, buy, or have in his or her Possession or Use, any Partridge, between the first Day of February and the first Day of September, in any War, should be liable to the Penalty therein mentioned: And whereas by another snd 36 Geo. 3. Act, passed in the thirty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending the said last

c 54. recited. c mentioned Act, the said Restriction was repealed; and it was enacted, That, from and after the passing of the said Act, every Person who should wilfully take, kill, destroy, carry, sell, buy, or have in his or her Possession or Use, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, any Partridge, between the first Day of February and the fourteenth Day of September, in any Year, should be liable to the same Penalties and Forfeitures ashy the said Lift mentioned Act are imposed: And whereas it is expedient that the said Acts, parted in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, should be repealed, and that the said Ail of the second Year of his present Majesty should be amended, so far as respects the Time so therein limited, within that Part of Great Britain called England, by making other Provisions for that Purpose: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Acts, passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be repealed.

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 34, 35. 97

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said recited Act AS Geo.

passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the taking, killing, destroying, rclaus to* tifing, or having any Partridge, between the twelfth Day of February and the first Day of September, in any uking, &c. Year, shall be, and the lame is hereby declared to be repealed. Partridges between Feb. tt, and Sept. 1, repealed.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons shall, *crfons *ak,nS* on any Pretence whatsoever, take, kill, destroy, carry, sell, buy, or have, in his, her, or their Possession or tr*j between Use, any Partridge within the Kingdom of Great Britain, between the first Day of February and the first Fehb lf ;m;j Day of September, in any Year and if any Person or Persons shall transgress this Act in the Case aforesaid, Sq*. i, liable every such Person shall be liable to the same Penalty as, by the said Act of the second Year of the Reign of his to Knaitfei of present Majesty, is laid and imposed on any Person or Persons transgressing the same; such Penalty to be Gt0, imposed, inflicted, recovered, applied, and disposed of, in such and the same Manner, and under such and the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as in and by the said Act is provided and directed with respect to the Penalty thereby imposed on Persons transgressing the said Act.

---

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for exempting, during the present war, persons serving in volunteer corps and associations, from being ballotted for the militia, under certain conditions.

[10th May 1799.]

---

WHEREAS it will tend to the further Protection, and to the internal Security of this Kingdom, if every Person, serving in Volunteer Corps, or in Associations for the Defence of particular Cities, Towns, or Places, and for maintaining publick Tranquillity and good Order, within the same, was to be

exempted from serving personally, or providing a Substitute, in the Militia, to be raised by virtue of two Acts made in the twenty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty be it the#e- c. 107/ fore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords 37 Geo. j. c,* Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the Perfom enroll* Cwne, That every Person enrolled, or to be enrolled, and serving in any Volunteer Corps, or in any Corps in Vohroteer or Body of Men associated for the Defence of any City, Town, or Place, and for maintaining publick CorP* °T Tranquillity and good Order within the same, whether of Infantry or Cavalry, which now are or shall be raised in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament, shall be exempt from being liable to serve per- provide a SuL fonalty, or to provide a Substitute, in the Militia, authorised to be raised by the said Acts, or either of nitute in the them. Militia.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Names of all Persons now enrolled and serving in any such Corps The Name#®* or Association, shall be entered on a Muster Roll, a Copy of which (hfdl be transmitted to the Lieute- Volunteers now nantof the County on or before the fifteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, signed by the Commanding Officer of the Corps or Company to which such Persons shall belong 5 and that Murtcr Roll, Monthly Returns, specifying the Enrolment of all such Persons as may, after the passing of this Act, be enr and rrjnfmtcted rolled in any such Corps or Association, shall be, in like Manner, transmitted by the Commanding Officer to the County

thereof to such Lieutenant, or to some Person appointed by him to receive the same; and that all such Muster Lieutenant, by

Rolfs and Returns shall be certified by such Lieutenant, or other Person as aforesaid, to the Clerk of JJy Monthly9* the General Meetings of the Lieutenancy, within ten Days after they shall have been so transmitted; and Rctumsof Per-the said Clerk of the General Meeting is hereby required forthwith to transmit Copies thereof to the several Tons enrolled Subdivision Meetings holden for the Purpose of hearing Appeals against the Militia Lift returned from each lf"r >!>? padfog Panto. -of this Act, to

be transmitted,

In like Manner, and certified by the Lieutenant to the Clerk of the General Meeting, who shall send Copies to the Subdivision Meetings for hearing Appeals.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That fireOi Muster Rolls shall, in the present and every future Year, be transmitted in the like Manner to the Lieutenant of the County, or other Person authorised as aforesaid tQ receive the same, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of December, and shall be certified by him to the Clerk of the General Meeting thereof by the fifth Day of January following, in the Mjanner aid for the Purposes herein-before mentioned; and that the Commanding Officer so transmitting the farrie, shall annex thereto a Certificate signed by himself, certify ing that he has nor, to the bfeft of his jynowledge and Belief, infcrtecf in the said Muster Roll the Name of any Person who his not, (tnce ttye Date of the passing of this Act, (or since the Date of his Enrolment, if the same shall have} been p^fterioij to the pafing of this Act,) duly attended at the Exercise of the Corps or Association, unless prevented by Sickness, ;>r by such other sufficient Reason as shall have been duly allowed by the Commanding Officer; land|no Person

Matter Rolls shall be tra.if-roitted yearly on or btfcrcDec/s^ to (lie County Liemen;.rt$, and certified by them to the Clerks of the General Meet* inf);, and the Coinmaqding

shall at any Time be entitled to claim such Exemption as aforesaid, unless his Name shall be fount) either (in °%ep shall an-the last Muster Rolls which shall have been so transmitted and certified as aforesaid, or cjn fomcj Me nthly Rt^Verfona tum which shall be posterior thereto* 1; infehed in the Rj llhave duly attuned Ffcercifc.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be entitled to claim such Exemption as aforesaid by No person shall reason of his Enrolment and Service in any Corps of Volunteers, or in any Association, unless the Com- be entitled toEv manding Officer thereof shall, at the Times of transmitting the Muster Rolls of such Corps or Association th^c^mand! in Manner aforesaid, certify at ibe Foot thereof that such Corps or Association has been inspected at least ing omurcer-

8 C. 35. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

once in the Spice of the three Months immediately preceding the Date thereof, by feme General or Field te^wJSTn ^®cer of his Majesty's Regular Forces, or, if such Inspection shall not have taken place, that such Corps tUrct Months, or Association is ready and willing to be so infixed, at least tw.ee in the six Months immediately following, byaGeiur:] or at its usual Place or Places and Times of Meeting; Copies of which Certificates shall be ccitihed by such Held Oitkcr, or Lieutenant to the Clerk of the General Meeting, and by him to the Su'odivision Meetings, together with the xxx ily Muller Rolls,

to be mfpeckJ.

Ccj\c$ ol Certificates Cull be ctrtilkfl to the Clerk of General Meetings.

Names of Persons notifying liUvr.t-cn ct riil*:c:iitinu T'uir Service,

bavin.; he. 0 Hifch.ir.ctH, thill he institcH in the Multrr Hoiis and Monthly Returns, and if such Per foils frail have been prcvioutly

V. And be it further enacted, That in the said Muster Rolls and Monthly Returns, there shall be regularly inferred the Names of every such Person as, having been enrobed in any Rich Volunteer Corps or A.'U cijiion as aforesaid, shall, since the Date of the last Muller Roll or Monthly Return, have notified to the Commanding Officer thereof his Intention of discontinuing his Service therein, or have been discharged from Rich Corps or Association by the Commanding Officer thereof, on Account of Non-attendance or otherwise; and that if any such Person, during the Period of his having been enrolled in Rich Corps or AfTo-ciation, shall have beta drawn for the Militia, and have been exempted from Service therein on Account of his Enrolment and Service in such Volunteer Corps or Association, he shall, on such Resignation or Discharge as aforesaid, be liable to serve for the Distri& in which he was drawn in the same Manner as if he had not been exempted; arc! if there shall be at that Time no Vacancy for the Distrust for which he was drawn, he or his Substitute shall be accounted as a Supernumerary for the same until a Vacancy shall arise.

crawn for the Militia, and exempted, they frail, on such Resignation or Discharge, be liable to serve.

County Lieutc-

VI. And, with a View to the better Execution of this Act, be it further enacted, That his Majesty's nantsflulltruif- Lieutenants of the several Counties and Places in Great Britain, shall, once in every Year, transmit tp one Secretary of 0* his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, an Abstract of the several Muster Rolls so transmitted to them

State, aw Ab- respectively within the Year; which A b (tract shall express the Names of the leveial Corps or Allocations,

Ara a Of the the Number of Persons enrolled and serving therein respectively, their Conditions of Service, and whether the

Roil. same have been inspected, or are willing to be inibedted, as aforesaid. fuller Rolls,

VII. And be it further enacted, that the Muster Rolls, Returns, and Certificates, respectively made up,

&c. in the returned, and certified, according to the several Forms thereof. A.B. C. and D, annexed to this Act, shall

«r?nftromcnu deemed to Efficient and valid for the Purposes of the same; but that if, from any Variation of Circuin-9f a similar inu stances, or other Reason, these Forms should not be strictly adhered to, Instruments of a similar Import may port, to be nevertheless be deemed sufficient for the Purposes aforesaid. deemed valid.

Continuance of

VIII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall have Continuance during the present War, and no longer* Aik

FORMS referred to in the above ACT\

A.

1 FORM of Muster Roll and Certificates, to be transmitted by the Commanding Officers of Volunteer

Corps or Associations to the Lieutenant of the County or Place, on or before the fifteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and on or before the twenty-fourth Day of December^ in that and ever Succeeding Year.

To J. B. his Majesty's Lieutenant for the of

MUSTER ROLL of the Persons enrolled and serving in the of Voluntccers, or

Association, commanded by

No. Name. When enrolled. No. Name., When enrolled. No. Name. When enrolled. No. Name. When enrolled. No. Name. Wl.cn enrolled. No. Name. When enrolled.

t 2 3, 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 XI 12 *3 *4 15 C.D. E.F. G. If. 1 1 Ma *79+*

AT. B. Discharged or quitted since the Date of the last Muster Roll.

A.B.

C.D. See.

Signed Duember 24th. 17

K. L.

Commanding Officer.

L»

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 35.

CERTIFICATE.

I, K. L. Commanding Officer of the do hereby certify, in pursuance of

an Act of Parliament, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act* [here insert the Title of the Act,] that the Conditions of Service agreed to by the said Corps of or

Association, are as follows; videlicet, That the said Corps or Association has consented [ben ftecijy the Conditions of Service] ;.and that all and every the Persons named in the above Muster Roll nave duly signified to me (or other Commanding Officer of the Corps or Association) their Consent thereto*

[A7". J5. The following Paragraph is to be omitted in the Mujier Roll to be sent on or before the fifteenth of May one ihoufandfnten hundred and ninety nine; but is to be inserted in all those to be transmitted on or before the twenty fourth of December in each Tear.]

(And I do further certify, That I have not, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, inserted, or caused to oe inserted, in the above Muster Roll, containing (Specify the Number) Names, the Name of any Person who has not, since the Date of the passing the said Act of the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, [or since the Date of his Enrolment, if the same has been posterior to the passing the said Act^] duly attended at the Exerciseof the Corps or Association, unless prevented by Sickness, or by such other sufficient Reason as hath been duly allowed by me, or by the Commanding Officer of the Corps or Association for the Time being.)

And I da further certify. That the said Corps or Association (hath, in the Course of the three Months immediately preceding the Date hereof, been inspected by A.B. General (or Field) Officer in his Majesty's Service,) cr, (hath not within the last three Months been inspected in the Manner required by the said Act, but is ready and willing to be so inspected, as in the said Act is provided).

Signed K. L.

Dated the Commanding Officer.

B.

FORM of Consent of each Person hereafter to be enrolled in any Corps of Volunteers or Affectation* to

the Conditions of Service thereof.

To K. L. Commanding Officer of the of Volunteers or

Association.

I, C.D. having enrolled myself in the said Corps or Association, do hereby consent and engage myself to the Conditions of Service thereof, videlicet [herefpeefy the Conditions of Service, as the Case may be].

Signed. Q. Z>.

Dated the

C.

FORM of Monthly Return and Certificate of Volunteer Corps or Association, to be transmitted by the Commanding Officer thereof to the Lieutenant of the County or Place.

To A.B. his Majesty's Lieutenant for the of

MONTHLY RETURN of the of commanded by

f Colonel. Lieut. Colonel*, Major. Captains. Captain Lieut. 1 C c t* s g a Cornets. of c oC CJ a W QuarterMatters. Serjeants. Corporals. Trumpeters. Drummers. Fifers. Privates. Enrolled since last Return. Discharged, Or quitted, ordead, finer last Return.

I I 1 i f No. Names. No. Names.

1 :L >

Signed K, L. Commanding Officer. '

I, K. L. Commanding Officer of the do hereby certify. That the several Persons whose Names

are herein contained, as enrolled in the said Corps or Allbciiition since the last Return thereof, have ddy signified to me, (or other Commanding Officer of the Corps or Affirciattonf) under their Hand?, their Consent *o the Conditions of Service thereof.

too

at Heii. 3. c. 15. recited.

All Offence* whatever committed on the High Seas shall be liable to the same Punishment aa sifcooft. mitted 00 Shoro,

Persons tritd for Murther or Manslaughter, and found guilty of Manslaughter only, Hull be entitled

---

100 C. 35 — 38. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

D.

ABSTRACT of Muster Rolls to be yearly transmitted by the Lieutenants of Counties, &c. to one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

To M.N. one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

---

ABSTRACT of Muster Rolls of Volunteer Corps and Associations within the of received byk cue <?. P. his Majesty's Lieutenant for the same, since the Day of in the Year

No. Names and Description of Corps and Associations. Number of Persons enrolled and serving the rein. Conditions of Service. When inspected, or if willing to befo, as required by the Act 39 Geo. III.

1 Gentlemen and Yeomanry. 60 As required in the Act 3o Geo-III. Inspected 25 Oct. 1799.

2 Infantry. 100 Within the said Town only. Not inspected, but willing to befo.

3 Ditto. 70 In any Part of Great Britain. Ditto.

&c. &c. &c. &c. &c.

---

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[10th May 1799.]

[This Act is in all Respects the same as 38 G. 3. c. 32. — The Continuance is from March 24, 1799, to March 25, 1800.]

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for remedying certain Defects in the Law respecting Offences committed upon the High Seas.

[10th May 1799.]

[28 Hen. 8. c. 15. recited.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of King Henry the Eighth, it is enacted, That Treasons, Felonies, Robbers, Murthers, and Confederacies, committed on the High Seas, shall be enquired of, tried, and determined, in such Shires and Places in the Realm, as shall be limited by the King’s Commission to be directed for the same, in like Form and Condition as if any such Offence or Offences had been committed or done in or upon the Land: And whereas it is expedient to declare that other Offences committed on the Seas may be enquired of, tried, and determined, in like Manner; be it enacted and declared by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[All Offences whatever committed on the High Seas shall be liable to the same punishment as if committed on Shore, and shall be tried and adjudged in the same Manner as Felonies, &c. are directed by the recited Act.]

That all and every Offence and Offences, which, after the passing of this Act, shall be committed upon the High Seas out of the Body of any County of this Realm, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be Offences of the same Nature respectively, and to be liable to the same Punishments respectively, as if they had been committed upon the Shore; and shall be enquired of, heard, tried, and determined and adjudged, in the same Manner as Treasons, Felonies, Murthers, and Confederacies, are directed to be by the same Act.

[Persons tried for Murther or Manslaughter, and found guilty of Manslaughter only, shall be entitled to the Benefit of Clergy, and be subject to the same Punishment as if committed on Land.]

II. And be it further enacted, That when any Person or Persons shall be tried for the Crime of Murther or Manslaughter committed upon the Sea, by virtue of any Commission directed under the said Act, and shall be found guilty of Manslaughter only, such Person or Persons shall be entitled to receive the Benefit of Clergy in like Manner, and shall be subject to the same Punishment, as if he or they had committed such Manslaughter in or upon the Land.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to continue, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and four, and amend an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 38, 39, 40. 101

Oil, whenever the Prices of middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit; and to continue several Laws relating to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins cured with Foreign Salt, free of Duty, until the twenty fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and four; to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and three; and so much of an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Glass, as was to continue in force for a limited Time, until the fifth Day of June one thousand eight hundred.

[10th May 1799.]

WHEREAS the Laws herein-after mentioned have, by Experience, been found useful and beneficial, and are near expiring; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

That an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used 35 Cm. 3. fur extracting Oily from any Country whatever, whenever the Prices of middling British Rate Seed shall be above c:117* N-a certain Limit, which was to be in force for one Year and from thence to the End of the then next Section Gn, of Parliament, and which was, by two other Acts made in the thirty-sixth and thirty-eighth Years of the l jo. and S Reign of his present Majesty, further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven 0.3. 0.35. ^3.7 hundred and ninety-nine, shall he, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of further conti-jfune one thousand eight hundred and four. 804IU*

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That, from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven Froro, hundred and ninety-nine, the average Prices of middling British Rape Seed, at the several Ports and Places 1799, the av«r-where Rape Seed shall be imported into this Kingdom, shall be ascertained in firch and the like Manner, ageFriccsof and by the same Persons, and under and subject to the like Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties, and middling British Forfeitures, as are directed by an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, pJ^foCfd,^hc intituled, An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and toe Payment of the Duty on poru^onfludl. foreign Corn imported\ and of the Bounty on British Corn exported, for ascertaining the Prices of Corn and beafemained in Grain. like Manner as

$t Geo. III. Gfp.zC. (continued by 32 Geo 3. c. 36. §6.) further continued till June 24, 1804. $ 3. cemunder 31. *3 Geo. III. Cap. 77. continued till June 24, 1803. $ 4. 3c Geo. III. Cap. 114. (continued by 37 Geo. 3. Geo. 3. c. 3^. r. 99. §4.: jfc Geo. %- r. 35.$7.) further continued till July 5, 1800.,

---

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships to Solicitors and Attornies, in any of the Courts in England, therein mentioned.

[10th May 1799.]

---

34 (?r*..III. Cap. 14. recited: imposing Duties on Contracts made after Feb- $r 17941 within the Bills of Mortality, and after Feb. io^ else where in England and Wales, which Act did not receive the Royal

Assent till March 28, 1794. Indentures on Clerkships to Solicitors or Attornies made after Feb. $t 1794,

within the Bills of Mortality, and after Feb- 10, in England and Wales, and before March 28,* 1794,

may, on Payment of Duty required by the recited Act. by June 1, 1799, be stamped; § i. and within three Months thereafter may be enrolled, csV. $ 37 Geo. 3. *. 60- which gave Time for Jiamping

such Indentures to August r, 1797.]

---

CAP. XL.

An Act to amend so much of three Acts made in the last and present Sessions of Parliament, for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase, the several Sums of Money charged as a Land Tax, as relates to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[10th May 1799.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Time for carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty,

---

[

intituled, An Act for making perpetual, subject io Redemption - Geo _ - and Purchase in the Manner therein fated, the several Sums of Alonry now charged in Great Britain as a Land inj *3‘

Tax for one Year, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight 5 which -g; c. 4 4 Act was explained and amended by two other Acts passed in the present Session of Parliament; should, in and it rtched.

that Part 01 Great Britain called Scotland, be still further extended and enlarged be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Corporations Bodies Politick and Corporate, Companies and Persons in the said Acts mentioned, who by the said Acts are amiPtricnt io empowered to contract for the Redemption of the Land Tax, charged on any EiUtes, Lands, Tenements, Fortcflion of and Hereditaments, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, of which they shall be in Pofledion, or beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits in Preference to an* Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, having r*.

102 C. 40. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

deem the Tax

in Preference to Reversioners till July 12, 1799

(instead of

March 2 $); and Reversioners in Preference to ail othcis till Dec, 25, 1799 {‘n-fter.d of June *5l-

Measures taken between March a 5 and the pairing of this Act, by Reversioners, lor rendering clfeclu.il the Phference given them by 39 Geo. 3. c 6. shall be suspended until July 12; but the Parties in Pof-k^lion shall repay the Expence of fuqli Mca-sures.

No Land Tax to be sold to any other Persons before Dec. 25, than those hereby enabled to redeem, unless any interest in Reversion or Expectancy therein, or being ^Substitute Heirs of Entail in the same Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and their respective Tutors, Curators, Guardians, of Trustees, on their Behalf, shall have and be entitled to the like Benefit of Preference in and to the Redemption of such Land Tax, until the twelfth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and in calc no Contract shall have been entered into by or on Behalf of such Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, or Persons in Possession, or entitled as ltfft mentioned, on or before the said twelfth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, then and in every such Case the Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, or other Person or Persons having such Interests in Reversion or Expectancy, or being Substitute Heirs of Entail, entitled in their Order to succeed to the said Estates, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and who, by the said Acts, were empowered to contract for the Redemption of the Land Tax' charged thereon after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until the twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, in Preference to any other Bodies Corporations, or Companies, or other Persons whatsoever not having an Interest therein, and their respective Tutors, Curators, Guardians, or Trustees, on their Behalf, shall have and.be entitled to such and the like Benefit of Preference in the Redemption of such Land Tax, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven bundled and ninety-nine, as is given to them respectively by the said Acts, until the said twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, or other Person or Persons having interests in Reversion or Expectancy, or being Substitute Heirs of En-rail, entitled to succeed as above mentioned, and to a Preference in the Terms of the above recited Act of this present Session of Parliament, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until the said twenty-fifth Day of June next, shall have, between the said twenty-fifth Day of March and the Date of the passing this Act, taken any Measures for rendering such Preference effectual, all such Measures and Proceedings shall be suspended by virtue of this present Act until the twelfth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine: and it shall be competent and lawful for all Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, Person or Persons, actually possessed of or beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits of such Dilates, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to render effectual the Benefit of the Preference granted them by this Act until the twelfth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, notwithstanding of such Measures and Proceedings held by Substitute Heirs of Entail,.pr other Persons interested in Reversion or Expectancy in the said Estates as above mentioned, on Condition however of their paying to such Substitute Heirs of Entail, or Persons interested in Reversion or Expectancy as aforesaid, the Expence of such ineffectual Measures or Proceedings.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Land Tax shall, before the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, be put to Sale by Auction or otherwise, or sold to any Person or Persons, other than such Person or Persons as by this Act are enabled to redeem the same prior to the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, except where Notice shall be given that the last mentioned Person or Persons are not to claim the Benefit of Preference given by this Act.

Notice not to claim such Preference be given.

After Dec. 25, Persons, &c.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, any Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, having any Interest in any

Lands may re-

Estates, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, may at any Time thereafter contract and agree for the Redeem on the ! demption of their Land Tax charged thereon, in the same Manner, and under the same Terms and Condi-fame Terms«. tions, as such Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, may do prior to the said twenty-fifth Day Of before, while 'December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine 5 provided that such Land Tax shall then remain un-the Lan i i ax fojj in pursuance of the Provisions of the said Acts: Provided also, That no Land Tax shall be sold in runain.un oj. pursuance of the said Acts after the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and No Land Tax ninety-nine, in any Cale where the Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, shall have given Notice Lit11 but Perff°s u> Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Acts of an Intention of redeeming the same m

fmcrtftldXSC pursuance thereof, other than to such Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, interested as aforesaid: t’lty have gnrn Pro\ ‘dtd also. That no such Laud Tax shall be redeemed by any Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, having Notice of inren-. any Interest in Reversion or Expectancy, in the Estates, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, whereon non to redeem j fi>cb Land Tax shall be charged, f or the Space of three Months after Notice given to the respective Commis-*rR*verhon r *l0fX*rs by airy Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, considered by the said Acts as being in the or thuc °nerS actual Possession of the said Estates, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of an Intention to redeem the Month; after same in pursuance of this Act. fjcli Nonce ;*om IV; ion* in Folf.lliop.

On Contracts made M'.cr July 12, Tr.inilf r^of Stock ihrtl. be made Within lour >'car. from Dec. 2 ^; and thetirll inilal-ment on or before Jan. i, liv o.

V. And be it further enacted, That where any Contract shall be entered into after the twelfth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, in pursuance of this Act* the Capital Stock to be transferred as the Consideration thereof shall be made within the Period of four Years, from the twenty-filth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, by the like Number of Instalments, and on the l.kc Days in each Year, with the like Power to transfer the same, by any less Number of Instalments, or in Advance, as by the said recited Act is allowed; and the first of the said Instalments shall, in every such Cafc, be made on or before the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred.

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 40. 103

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Farm, Lands, or Tenements, usually possessed together, shall be proposed to be sold utnlcr the Provisions of the said Act, in.order to redeem the Land Tax charged thereon, and also on other Estates, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which (land settled and limited to the same Uses, and in the same Order and Course, and under the same Restraints and Conditions of Succession, and which Farm, Lands, or Tenements, shall be more than sufficient for that Purpose; and in case it shall appear to the Court of Session, either from the detached Situation of such Farm, Lands, or Tenements, or from any other Circumstances, that such Farm, Lands, or Tenements, cannot be divided, in order that an adequate Part thereof may be fold, without Lois to the Parties interested, or that the Sale of the Whole of such Farm, Lands, or Tenements, would be more eligible and advantageous to the said entailed Estate, and to the successive substitute Heirs of Entail in their Order, it shall be competent and lawful for the said Court of Session, in like Manner as it is authorised to proceed in other Cases by the before recited Act of the thirty* e'gfuh Year of his present Majesty, (due Notice having been given to the next Substitute Heir of Ent il, being of lawful Age and resident within Great Britain^ of such Proposal to sell and dispose of such Farm, Lands, or Tenements.) to direct and authorize the Sale of the Whole of such F&rm, Lands, or Tenements-, and the Surplus Money, after purchasing Stock fmheient to redeem such Land Tax, and paying and discharging the Costs and Expeixcs attending the Sale thereof, shall, w th the Interests and annual Produce thereof be applied and tiifposed of under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, in the same Manner as in the said recited Act is directed, with respeii to the eventual Surplus arising from Salts, when no more has been exposed to Sale than is judged adequate for the Redemption of such* Land Tax.

The Whole of* Farm, &c. which cannot be eligibly divided, may he sold to redeem the Land Tax therton, and on other Estates limited to the same Uses; and the Surplus disposed of, under the Direction of the Court of Session.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Expences incurred by Heirs of Entail, or ethers, entitled as aforesaid to purchase the Land Tax asse Sting the entailed Estate in Scotland, either in felling Part of the said Estate, or borrowing Money on heritable Security, or purchasing out of their own proper Means the Land Tax affecting the entailed Estate, shall be defrayed out of the Price of the Lands so fold, or shall be included in the heritable or other proper Security, and may be made Part of the Charge uoon the entailed Estate: Provided always, That the Amount of these Expences shall be previously ascertained by the Court of Session, by Decree to be obtained on a summary Application to that Purpose.

upon the Estate, being previously ascertained by the

Expences incurred by Heirs of Entail, &c. in purchasing the L;rd Tax, may be defrayed out of the Price of the Lands fold, or charged Court of Session.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Applications to the Court of Session in Scotland by any Heir of Entail for obtaining the Authority of that Court to the Sale, Mortgage, or Grant of any Estates, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, authorised to be sold or charged by the said Acts passed in the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty, and in this present Session of Parliament, such Applications shall not only be intimated upon the Walls of the Outer and Inner House for ten Sederunt Days, in the Manner therein dittoed, but also shall be advertised Weekly for two Weeks successively in the Edinburgh Gazette.

Applications to the Court by Heirs of Entail for*Sales of Estates, shall be advertised in the Edinburgh Gazette, as well

as Intimated upon the Walls of the Courn

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case such Sale shall be authorised by the Court, such Sale shall be Such

carried on by publick Auction, at such Time and on such Notices as the Court of Session shall from Time to Pn-^ret

Time direct; and further, that previous to any Sale to be made in the Terms and by virtue of the Powers fa vious to which Required and given by the said Acts, the Court of Session shall cause Articles of Sale to be drawn-up in the Ccurt shall the usual Forms required by the Law of Scotland for making such Sale effectual, and whereby the Purchaser cause Articles to shall be taken bound to pay the Price to a Trustee, to be named by the Person or Persons in whose Name be Urawn up, or for whose Behoof the said Sale or Sa’es is or are carried on, and which Trustee shall be approved of by the said Court, 3nd shall find Security to their Satisfaction, that the Sum or Sums of Money so to be paid pa^the Price to to him by the said Purchaser or Purchasers, shall be duly and faithfully applied in the Manner and for the aTiuftcc, who Purposes herein and by the said Acts enjoined and directed; and further, that the said Trustee, upon Receipt shall pay the of the said Price or Prices, shall be forthwith bound to pay the said Sum of Money into the Bank of England, Monty miothe to be there placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, to be *lipon2* by them applied in the Manner and for the Purposes directed and specified by the said Act of the thirty- which the Pur-eighth of his present Majesty, and the Receipt of the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank shall be a full and chafer shall be Efficient Discharge to the said Trustee, and to the said Purchaser or Purchasers, of the Sum or Sums of entitled to a Money so agreed to be paid by him, her, or them, in Manner aforesaid; and which Purchaser or Purchasers, Conveyance, upon Payment of the Sum or Sums by the said Trustee into the Bank of England as aforesaid, shall be entitled to demand and obtain from the said Heir of Entail, or other Person or Persons in whose Name, or at whose Instance, or for whose Behoof the said Sale or Sales is or are carried on, such Disposition, Conveyance, or other Title to the Subjects so fold, containing all usual and necessary Clauses for rendering complete the Right to the lame in favour of the said Purchaser or Purchasers, under the Direction of the said Court.

X. And whereas by the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty, any Number of Any Nurtiberof

1 Persons, whose Land Tax shall not exceed twenty-five Shillings Sterling each, may join in appointing a J,cr, bnri ‘Trustee to redeem their respective Lund Taxes, and purchase the Whole in one Contraft, in Manner notCXcded 1 ‘.therein particularly directed; And whereas it is expedient, and would greatly tend to facilitate the Exc- each, pnftcadof cution of the said Act, if such Powers were further extended be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful 25s. as limited for any Number of Persons, whose Land Tax respectively shall not exceed the annual Sum of five Pounds by 1* G«> 3 Sterling, to join in appointing a Trustee to redeem their respective Land Taxes, and for such Trustee to c 60 67-)

purchase the Whole of such respective Land Taxes in one Contraft, in like Manner, and under all the Pro- pointing vifecs and Conditions as is directed by the aforesaid Act in the Case beforemeniioned. TrutUc-10 re-

deem their respective Land Taxes in one Contract.

D by

ic>4

Collegers of the Land Tax in Scotland, in a limited Time shall enter into such Bonds as the Baron* of the Exchequer shall require, with the Commissioners, for paying the Monies they receive to the Receiver General for Scotland.

Tf Collectors fail to enter into Bond, the Commissioners shall certify the same to the Barons of the Exchequer, who shall order the Confederation for Redemption of the Land Tax, if in Money, to be »paid to the Receiver General, which the Contractors shall accordingly pay.

Where any Collectors shall not duly pay over the Money received, to the Receiver General, he may present the Bondto the Barons of the Exchequer, praying for a legal Process

upon the Bond; or may proceed to recover there-

>on, according to the Course of the Court of Exchequer.

C. 40, 41. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Collectors of Cess or Land Tax, appointed or to be appointed in the several Shires, Stewartries, Cities, Burghs, and Places, in Scotland, shall, within foAy, Days after the passing of this Act, and before they, or any of them, shall receive any Monies to be paid as the Consideration for the Redemption of any Land Tax in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or either of them, enter into Bonds to the said respective Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Acts, or any three or more of them, in such Shires, Stewartries, Cities, Burghs, and Places, with such good and sufficient Caution, as the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland shall require, binding him or them, and his or their Sureties, conjun&ly and severally, for his and their duly paying to the Receiver General for Scotland at Edinburgh, at such Times after the Receipt thereof as the said Barons shall direct to be inserttd in such Bonds, allfuclrSum and Sums of Money as shall be paid to them in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or either of them, for the Redemption of any Land Tax, under a Penalty of two hundred Pounds Sterling, over and above Performance; and which Bonds the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to take, and the said respective Commissioners shall forthwith cause the said Bonds to be delivered to the Receiver General at Edinburgh^ or not being delivered to

such Receiver General, shall cause the same to be registered in the Books of Council and Session, and Extrads thereof to be delivered to the said Receiver General at Edinburgh.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Collector or Collectors in any Shire, Stewartry, City, Burgh, or Place, shall fail or neglect to enter into such Bond as aforesaid within the Period herein-before mentioned, the said Commissioners shall immediately, after the Expiration of the said forty Days, certify such Failure or Neglect to the said Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and it shall thereupon be lawful for the said Barons, and they are hereby required upon the Receipt of such Certificate, to order and direct that the Consideration for the Redemption of any Land Tax in such Shire, Stewartry, City, Burgh, or Place, tvbere the same shall be in Money, shall be paid to the Receiver General, or his Deputy or Deputies, at Edinburgh, or to such Person or Persons in such Shire, Stewartry, City, Burgh, or Place, as he shall appoint to receive the same; and after such Order or Direction all and every Persons and Person, Bodies, Corporations, and Companies, who shall contract for the Redemption of any Land Tax, the Consideration for the Redemption whereof shall be in Money, shall pay such Consideration to such Receiver General, or his Deputy or Deputies, or such Person or Persons as he shall appoint to receive the same as aforesaid; and the Certificate or Receipt of such Receiver General, or his Deputy or Deputies, or such Person or Persons as aforesaid, (and which he and they are hereby empowered and directed to give,) shall be as valid and effectual in all Respects as the Receipt of any Coiledor is by the said Act directed to be, in Case such Consideration was paid to a Coiledor in pursuance of the said recited Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where any such Collector or Collectors shall fail or neglect to pay over to the said Receiver General at Edinburgh^ or his Deputy or Deputies; any such Sum or Sums or Money, within such Number of Days after the same shall be received by him or them as aforesaid, as shall be specified in the Bond entered into by such Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, the said Receiver General, or his Deputy or Deputies, may present the said Bond, or an Extract thereof, to any one or more of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, with a Petition Rating the Sum due and not accounted for by such Collector or Collectors, and praying fora Horning, or other competent and legal Process of Court, upon such Bond or Extract, making Oath that the Sum Rated in the Petition is due and not accounted for, and the Baron or Barons to whom such Petition shall be presented may thereupon order a Horning, or other competent and legal Process of Court, to issue; and which Process of Court may be proceeded in by ArreR-ment. Poinding, Denunciation, Caption, Imprisonment, and otherwise for recovering from such Collector or Collectors, and his, her, or their Surety or Sureties, the Sums due from such Collector or Collectors, and for the Penalty of two hundred Pounds, in such Bond, over and above the Sums so due as aforesaid; or the Receiver General, or his Deputy or Deputies, upon making Oath to the Sums due and unaccounted for, shall be at Liberty to proceed to the recovering the Payment thereof, and of the Penalty in the Bond, by any Process for recovering Payment of Debts due to his AdajeRy, according to the Course of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

---

[The recited Acts and this Act to be construed together as one Act.]

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions of this Act shall, in the Execution of the said recited Acts of the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty, and the aforesaid Act of this Session of Parliament, be used and applied, and construed in like Manner as if the same Provisions were specially enacted in the said Acts: and all and every the Provisions of the said Acts shall, in the Execution of this Act, except where the same are hereby expressly varied, be used and applied, extended and construed, in like Manner as if the same Provisions (except as aforesaid) were specially enacted in this Act.

CAP. XLI.

An Act for raising an additional Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

[10th May 1799.]

"3,000,000l. may be raised before July 1, 1799. by Loans and Exchequer Bills. Such Exchequer Bills to be signed by the Auditor, or other Person duly authorised by him with the Consent of the Treasury. §1. Exchequer Bills to be charged on the second, and on the fifth and sixth Instalments of any Loan to be granted this Session, to be made out in equal Proportions of 1000l. and 500l. &c. §2. Exchequer Bills so issued not to be received again in Payment of any Taxes; nor exchanged before Dec. 20, 1799. §4. Principal and Interest, with Charges, to be repaid in equal Proportions out of the second, fifth, and sixth Instalments, on any Loan of this Session, and if the Instalments paid before Dec. 20, 1799, be insufficient, to be charged on the Consolidated Fund. §5."

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 42. 105

CAP. XLII.

An Act to enable the Commercial Commissioners appointed to carry into Execution certain Acts for granting Duties upon Income, to extend the Time limited by the said Acts for receiving Returns of Income; and for explaining and amending the said Acts.

[10th May 1799.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament,

[39 Geo. 3. c. 22. §14. and]

---

intituled, An Act for extending the Time

?-) Geo. T $ 14. and

? present S eft on of Parliament, intituled,

44. An Act to repeal the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the last Sejfun of Parliament, for granting an Aid 41 and Contribution for the Projection of the War; and to make more effectual Provfon for the like Purpose,

by granting certain Duties upon Income in lieu of the said Duties, and to amend the said A:tf the Time for 4> making Returns of Income to Commercial Commissioners appointed under a prior Act of the same Session of Parliament, is limited to the Period of ten Days after their Appointment: And whereas it is expedient to empower such Commissioners to enlarge the Time for making Returns to them, from Time to Time*

as they shall judge necessary: And whereas it is expedient, that so much of an Act, p ailed in this Session of c. 3. recited Parliament, for granting pertain Duties upon Income, and of the/aid recited Act, as relates to the Co!-'

lection and Payment of the said Duties, fhodd be explained and amended, and that any Omissions or Mistakes which may have happened in the Appointment of the Commissioners for executing the said AcT,

should be supplied or rectified: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted;* and be it ttia&ed by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the respective Commercial Commissioners appointed as aforesaid, from Time to Time, to issue their Orders for enlarging the Time for delivering to them Statements, and making Returns of Income of Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, liable to be charged to the Duties in the said Acts mentioned by such Commercial Commissioners, so as that, after the latest Period so to be fixed, there remain sufficient Time for making the Assessments upon such Returns prior to the fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and to cause the Periods fixed by them for such Delivery and Returns, to be from Time to Timepublished in the London Gazette, or some Newspaper usually circulated in the County, Riding, or Place where such Commissioners shall act; which Orders, under the Names of three or mere such Commissioners, shall be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Periods fixed therein had been limited in and by this Act 5 and all Persons who shall have omitted to rn&ke such Returns within the Period required by the said recited Acts, or either of them, who before or on the thy or Days fixed, or to be fixed, by such Commercial Commissioners for that Purpose, shall have made, or shall make, such Return as by the said recited Acts, or either of them, is authorised j and all such Commercial Commissioners who shall have received, or shall receive within such Times as aforesaid, any such Returns, shall be, and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all Actions, Suits,

Penalties, and Forfeitures, incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reason of such Omission or Acts and every such Return made, or to be made within the Time limited, or to be limited, by the said Commercial Commissioners as aforesaid, shall be of the like Force and Effect as if the dime had been made within the Time limited by the said recited Acts, or either of them.

II. And whereas the Inquests of several Counties and Places have omitted to name sufficient Persons to act as Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Acts, and others named by the Inquests have declined acting the rein, whereby the Execution of the said Acts may be retarded be it further enacted, That for every Division, City, Borough, Town, or Place, for which the Inquests aforesaid/hal! not have named any Persons to ad therein, s or where the Persons named or to be named by the said Inquests have declined or may decline to ad therein, or so many of them have declined or may decline to ad, as not to leave ty/o Persons at the least to act for such Division, City, Borough, Town, or Place, and where sufficient Commissioners shall not be appointed for every such Division, City, Borough, Town, or Place, on or before the Expiratiorf of ten Days after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or

of the said Acts, so that for each such Division, City, Borough, Town, or Place, there shall not be acting more than five nor kfs than two such Persons under such Nomination of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or under any Nomination of such Inquests as aforesaid; and every such Appointment by the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any three or more of them, shall be as valid and e{fedml, during the Period herein-afeer mentioned, as if the same Ind been made by the Inquest of the County, Riding, or Place, under the said Acts: Provided always, That‘ every such Appointment as 1 aft aforesaid, shall be tevocable by the Inquest of the County, Riding, or Place, assembled at tnq-next and subsequent Assize and Session of Oyer ant! Terminer and General Gaol Delivery for the County, Riding, or Place, after any such Appointment, or by the major Part of the Jurors there afltinbled, in case they shall

Borough, Town, or Place as aforesaid; but in Default of such Revocation and Nomination, the Appointment of the said Commissioners for the Aftafts of Taxes shall stand good.

Commvci.il Commissioners m ly enlarge the Time for deli- vering Statements, so as there remain sufficient Time for making the Assessments prior to June 5, 1799; A13*!

fe the Pc- nods they fix for such Delivery to be advertised in the Gazette, or some Paper cir« eulated in the Place where ;lu-y<a&.

Where the fn* quells have not named Commissioners, or where so many named have declined to art as not to leave two, and where fufft-cic-nt CommT-fior.ers shall not be appointed by ten Days after patting this Art, t: j "Comm i if: o n-ers of Taxes m ;y appoint,) them out of the Lilts of the Commissioners of fund Tax. Such Appointments revocable by the Inquest at the nexr Assize, on a sufficient Number oiquaff fieri Puff ns b/.iqr nominated, and accepting ili: Office.

106 C. 42. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Where Mistakes have been made in the Names of Commissioners, the Commissioners of Taxes, on Certificate of two Jurors, may rettiiy them.

Appointment of Commissioners at the Meeting summoned by the Sheriff according to the Return of Jurors delivered by the Clerk of A flue to the Commissioners for Taxes, not-

III. And be it further enacted, That where, in any List or Lists, or Entry or Entries of Names of any; Commissioner or Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Act, or for hearing and determining AppealajL Mistakes have been made in the Christian or Surnames of such Person or Persons, it shall be lawful’ foe the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and they are hereby authorised and required, upon a Certificate, under the Hands of any two of the Persons of the Grand Inquest by which such Commissioners shall have been elected, of such Mistake, and of the proper Name or Names of such Person or Persons, to amend, or cause to be amended, such List or Entry, by inferring, or causing to be inserted, the proper Name or Names of the Person or Persons so elected as aforesaid, in the said Lift or Entry, and in the Order in which futh Person was intended by the said Jurors to be put down to serve therein.

IV. And be it further enacted, That any Appointment of Commissioners for any of the Purposes of the said Acts, by the Persons present at the Meeting summoned by the Sheriff of any County, Riding, or Place, according to the Return of Jurors delivered by the Clerk of Assize to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and by them transmitted to such Sheriff, shall be valid and effectual, notwithstanding such Clerk of Assize may have omitted to return the Names of certain Persons who had been summoned to serve upon the Grand Inquest of such County, Riding, or Place, within the Time limited by the said Acts, or either of them, and notwithstanding any Error or Milnomer, or any Variance in such Return from the original Pannel of Jurors summoned to serve on such Inquest; and all Persons acting under such Appointment shall be, and are hereby indemnified, from all Pains and Penalties, and from all Actions, Suits, and Informations, for or by reason of their acting or having acted as such Commissioners, under such Appointment.

withstanding the Omissions of Names in the Return, See* valid.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Powers and Directions contained in the said first recited Act* respecting the Delivery of the Duplicates of Assessments by the Commercial Commissioners to the Receivers General, and the Returns by the Receivers Geperal to the Commercial Commissioners of the Defaulters on each Instalment of the Rates and Duties by the said Act imposed, and which were repealed by the said la ft recited Act, shall be revived as to all Assessments made upon any Person or Persons who shall not have given Notice to such Commercial Commissioners of their Intention to pay the Sums assessed on them at the Bank of England^ and shall be in force and duly carried into Execution with respect to such Persons, and all other Persons who shall have given such Notice, and shall have made Default in Payment at the said Bank, of England; any Thing in the said last recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

neral, and the Returns by the latter to the former of Defaulters on instalments, (which were partly repealed by §16 -of c. a*.) revived, A to Per&fi* who lave not given Notice of Intention to pay Airdfments at the Bank, or who shall make Default in Payment.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Commissioner for the Purposes of the said Acts, for any County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, where Commercial Commissioners are appointed, shall be engaged in Trade or Manufacture, then such Commissioner for the Purposes of the said Act may be afieffed: before such Commercial Commissioners, and not by the Commissioners of Appeals; but if in such County* Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, Commercial Commissioners shall not have been appointed, then the Commissioners of Appeal, before whom such Commissioner for the Purposes of the said Act shall be assessed, shall, at his Request, in proceeding upon the Statement to be delivered to them, and in ascertaining the Charge to be made upon such Person, and in levying and collecting the same, pursue all such Rules, Directions, and Regulations, and shall have such Powers as are in the said Acts preferrbed.and given, for the dhaiibeap- Conduct of Commercial Commissioners specially appointed under the said Acts. pointed, he may be assessed by the Commissioners of Appeal in the same Manner as by Commercial Commissioners.

Vacancies in

VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Vacancy shall arise in the Commercial Commission—

Commercial ers appointed under the said Acts, such Vacancy shall be supplied in like Manner as is directed for the mThikdnuT Appointment of the Person who occasioned such Vacancy.

ms original Appointments.

Commercial

VIII. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Oath of Secrecy imposed upon the Commercial

Commissioners, their Assistants, and Clerks, by the said Act, are sufficient for the Purposes intended there-ikWitioioiOatk by \9 be it therefore enacted, That every Commercial Commissioner as aforesaid, and every Commissioner for the Purposes of the said Acts, who shall be required to act as a<Commercial Commissioner in the Execution of the said Acts, and every Assistant and Clerk to such respective Commissioners, or any of them, and every Inspector and Surveyor empowered to ad in the Execution of the said Acts, shall,.in Addition to the Oath required to be taken by the said Act, take the following Oath; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear. That I will notuifclofe any Statement of Income, or the Amount of any Sum tab©: 4 paid by any Individual, as his or her Contribution or Payment under the said Act, which has been or shall be shewn to me in the Execution of the said Act, except in such Cases and to such Persons only where it shall be necessary to disclose the same for the Purposes of the said Act, otLiorder to, or in the Courfeo

aProsecution for Perjury, committed in such Examination or Affidavit.

So help me GOD.*

IX. And be it further enacted, That any two Commissioners appointed to hear and determine Appeals under the said Act for any County, Riding. Shire, Stewartry, Division, or Place, are hereby declared competent to hear and determine Appeals, and to do all other Acts which Commissioners of Appeals are jequired or authorised to do under the said recited Acts, or either of them; Provided always, That where

two*

The Directions in §§ ic6,109, &c. ij. resetting the Delivery of Duplicates of Assessmenu by the Commercial Commissioners to the, Receivers Gc-

A Commission-cf for the Purports of the said Attain Trade or Maim fatture may be assessed before the Commercial Commissioners j but where none

Oath*

Two Commissioners of Appeal may but if they do act agree w

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 42. 107.

two Commissioners of Appeal only shall attend, and shall not agree in the Judgment or Determination to J)e given in any Cause or Matter before them, such Cause of Matter wherein they shall not so agree shall be ’adjourned for any Space of Time not exceeding fourteen Days* to give Opportunity for the Attendance of the third Commissioner of Appeals, ifa third shall have been appointed for the same County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, Division, or Place; and if no such third Commissioner shall have been appointed, or shall not attend at the adjourned Meeting, then a like Adjournment shall take place from Time to Time until a third Commissioner shall be appointed, and shall act as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted and declared, That the Power of appointing Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Acts, and also Commissioners for hearing and determining Appeals in Scotland, is and shall be vetted wholly in the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, for the Time being; and all Acts and Deeds, Meetings, Assessments, Matters, and Things, done by or with any other Persons assuming to be Commissioners as aforesaid, but not appointed to be such Commissioners by the said Barons, shall be null and void, to all Intents and Purposes; and the Persons appointed, or to be appointed, such Commissioners by the said Barons, shall have full Power of carrying the said Acts into Execution, in all Matters and Things relating thereto in their respective Shires, Stewartries, and Jurisdictions, in and to which they shall be so respectively appointed, as if no other Persons had assumed the Office of Commissioners therein.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Collectors of the several Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, appointed or to be appointed in the several Shires* Stewartries, Cities, Burghs, and Places, in Scotland, shall, within thirty Days after the passing of this Act, and before they act in Execution of their Duty as such Collectors, or receive any Money on the said several lUtesand Duties, or any of them, enter into Bonds to the respective Commissioners appointed or to be appointed, for putting in Execution the several Acts relating to the said Rates and Duties, under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any three or more of them, in such Shires, Stewartries, Cities, Burghs, and Places, with such good and sufficient Caution as the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland shall require, binding him or them, and his or their Sureties, conjunftly and severally for his and their duly paying to the Receiver General for Scotland, at Edinburgh, at such Times after the Receipt thereof, as the said Barons shall dire# to be inserted in such Bonds, all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall, from Time to Time, be collected by or be paid to them, for or on Account of any of the said Rates or Duties, under a Penalty of two hundred Pounds Sterling over and above Performance; and which Bonds the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to take; and the said respective Commissioners shall forthwith cause the said Bonds to be delivered to the Receiver General at Edinburgh^ or, not bdng delivered to such Receiver General, shall cause the same to be registered in the Books of Council and Session, and Extracts thereof to be delivered to the said Receiver General at Edinburgh.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where any such Collector or Collectors shall fail or oegle& to pay over to the said Receiver General at Edinburgh, or his Deputy or Deputies, any such Sum or Sums of Money, within such Number of Days after the same shall be received by him or them as aforesaid, as shall be fpiecified in the Bond entered into by such Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, the said Receiver General, or his Deputy or Deputies, may present the said Bond, or an Extract thereof, to any one or more of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, with a Petition, dating the Sum due and not accounted for by such Collector or Collectors, and praying for a Horning or other competent and legal Process of Court upon such Bond or Extra#, making Oath that the Sum Rated in the Petition is due and not accounted for; and the Baron or Barons to whom such Petition shall be presented may thereupon order a Horning or other competent and legal Process of Court to issue j and which Process of Court may be proceeded in by Arrestment, Poinding, Denunciation, Caption, Imprisonment, and otherwise, for recovering from such Collector or Collectors, and his, her, or their Surety or Sureties, the Sums due from fuclv Collector or Collectors, and for the Penalty of two hundred Pounds in such Bond, over and above the Sums so due as aforesaid; or the Receiver General, or his Deputy or Deputies, upon making Oath to the Sums due and unaccounted for, shall be at Liberty to proceed to the recovering the Payment thereof, and of the Penalty in the Bond, by any Process for recovering Payment of Debts due to his Majesty, according to the Course of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

XIII. And whereas, by an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties upon Income, and other Purposes, it was directed, that all the Monies arising from the additional Rates and Assessments, or from Payments at the Bank, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, together with the Duties granted by an Act of the same Session for granting new and additional Duties on Goods imported and exported, and for other Purposes, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of seven Millions, which should be paid into the Receipt

of the Exchequer, should be applied either to the Services voted in the last Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, or to the Payment and Discharge of all Annuities, Interest, and Dividends, payable in consequence of the Loan of eight Millions, Part of a Loan of seventeen Millions raised by virtue of an Act of the last Session of Parliament ;* be it enacted, That any Sum not exceeding seven Millions shall be applicable and may be applied to the Services of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, over and above all Sums which have been applied to the Payment and Discharge of all Annuities, Interest, and Dividends, which have become payable m that Year in consequence of the said Loan of the said Sum of eight Millions; any Thing in the said first recited Act of the present Session of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

Adjournment to take pta^c until a third shall act.

The Appointment of Commiftrotiers in Scotland to be whully in the Bamns of the Exchequer there, and A£Vj done by other Person* void.

Collectors of the Duties in Scotland, under the Management of the Commissioners for Taxes, in a limited Time to enter into such Bonds as d>c Barans of the Exchequer llialt require, for paying the Monies they shall receive to the Receiver General for Scotland, fee*

Where such Collectors shall not duly pay over the Money received to the Receiver General, he may present the Bond to the Barons of the Exchequer, nraying for a legal Process upon the Bond, or may proceed to recover thereon according to the Courie of the Court of Exchequer.

7,000,000l. may be applied to the Services, of 1798,over all Sums applied to the Discharge of Annuities, &c. payable in that Year in consequence of the loan of R,oco, ooool.

43,

39 r,co* 3'

C. 60. ar.d

3S Geo. 3. c 6 And 21. iccited.

Where the Consideration in any Contract fh.iJl tc Stock to be transferred by May 1, 1799, and which shall l ot have been so transferred, the Bank may permit such Transfers in the 3 per Cent* Coidols. till MayaS, and in the 3 per Cent. Reduced till June 25, inclusive: '

and where such Confnieration if to be raised by Sale of Lands, &c. the Lank, upon Certificate of the Commissioners authorised td consent to such Sale, may receive the Money, he.

Ik.-fore Aujrvft I, 1799.

---

108 Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for enlarging the Time limited by certain Acts passed for the Redemption of the Land Tax, for receiving Contracts and making Transfers of Stock thereon, and for explaining and amending the said Acts.

[10th May 1799.]

---

WHEREAS it is expedient to extend the Time for transferring in certain Cases the Consideration for the Redemption of Land Tax contracted for under and by virtue of an Act passed in the thirty*

eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making perpetual, subject to Re*

dempiim and Purchase in the Manner therein Jlated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for one Tear, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety*

eighty and of two other Acts, passed in the present Session of Parliament, for explaining and amending*

and rendering more effectual the same, or of either of them :* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That where any Contract for the Redemption of any Land Lax shall have been entered into before the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, wherein the Consideration shall be in Stock, to be transferred in the Whole*, or in the Proportion allowed for one Instalment, on or before the said first Day of May, and the Consideration, dr the Proportion, to be transferred as the first Instalment thereof, shall not have been transferred on-or before the said first Day of May, it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and they are hereby authorised and required at any Time before or on the twenty-eighth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, in respect of the Consolidated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, and on or before the twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, in respect of the Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, to permit and suffer the necessary Transfers-upon such Contracts to be made, and all such other Acts, Matters, or Things, relating thereto, or to the Redemption of such Land Tax, to be done, as by the said recited Acts, or any or either of them, are authorised and required to be done in Cases of Transfers, on or before the first Day of Afay one thousand seven hundred and ninety-r.ine, upon such Contracts; and every such Transfer of Stock made upon any such Contracts as aforesaid before the twenty-eighth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and the twenty-fifth Day of y«^one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine respectively as aforesaid, shall be as good, valid, and effectual, for aft Purposes, and the respective Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, transferring such Stock, or causing the same to be transferred, shall have and be entitled to the same Benefits and Advantages as to the Period of exonerating their Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, from the Land Tax charged thereon, as if the Consideration. specified in such Contract, or the first Instalment thereof, had been transferred before the said first Day of May, according to the Terms and Conditions of such Contract j and all such Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, shall be, and they are hereby indemnified and saved harmless from all Penalties* Forfeitures, and Payments whatsoever, which shall have been incurred under and by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any or either of them, by renfon of not transferring such Stock on or before the said first Day of May; any Thing in the said Acts, or any or either of them, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That where any Cpntract for the Redemption of any Land Tax shall have been, or shall be entered into before the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine* wherein the Consideration shall be in Stock to be transferred in the Whole, or in the Proportion allowed for cne Instalment, on or before the said first Day of May, if in such Case the Consideration to be paid upon such Contract is to be raised by the Sate, Mortgage, or Grant of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, under and by virtue of the said Acts, or any or either of them, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, upon the Certificate under the Hands of the Commissioners, having Authority under the said Acts, or any or either of them, to consent and approve of such Sale, or any two or more of them, that such Sale, Mortgage, or Grant was not or could not be completed before the said first Day of May y and the said Governor and Company are hereby authorised and required to receive the Money arinng by such Sale, Mortgage, or Grant, and place the same to the like Account, and to permit and lutfer the necessary Transfers upon such* Contrail to be made, and all such other Acts, Matters, or Things relating thereto, or to the Redemption of such Land Tax, to be done at any Time before the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, in like Manner in every Respect as by the said Acts, or any or either of them, are authorised and required to be done in Cases of Payments on Transfers made on or before the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, upon such Contrails; and every fuda Payment and Receipt of such Purchase Money made in pursuance of such Sale, Mortgage, or Grant, and Contrail, for the Redemption of such Land Tax, and of the Certificate under the Hands of such Commissioners as aforesaid and every such Transfer of Stock made in pursuance thereof shall be as good, valid, and effectual, for all Purposes, and the respective Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, redeeming such Land Tax, shall kiave and be entitled to the same Benefits and Advantages as to the Period of exonerating their Manors, Mcfifiages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, from the Land Tax charged thereon, as if the Consideration specified in such Contrail, or the first Instalment thereof, had been paid, or the Stock to be purchased therewith had been transferred, before the said first Day of May, according to the Tenor of such. Contrail $ and all Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, redeeming such Land Tax, and all Purchasers,

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 43. 109

Mortgagees, and Grantees of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments* shall be, and they are hereby reflectively indemnified and saved harmless from all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Payments whatsoever, which shall have been incurred under and by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any or either of them, by reason of not paying such Money, or such Stock being transferred, on or before the said first Day of May j any Thing in the said Acts, or any or either of them, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That the second and every subsequent Inftulment to be transferred on any such Contract, shall be made good on or before the respective Times in the said recited Acts mentioned, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been passed, or the first instalment had been transferred on or before the said first: Day of May: Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to the altering the Time for the Registry of any such Contract; but that every such Conti ad shall be registered in such and the like Manner, and at such Time as by the said Act is required, as if the Transfer of block made thereon bad been made on or before the said first Day of May> in the said Acts mentioned.

Second and subsequent instalments to be trade by the Tunes mentioned in recited Acts, and Cou-tr:<<fh to be registered as thereby required.

IV. And be it further enacted, That nothing contained in the said last recited Act of the present Session of Parliament shall extend to restrain the Court of Chancery in England, or the Court of Session in Scotland, to make such Order respecting the Application of the Income to be derived from the Redemption of any Land Tax which shall be redeemed by or out of the Monies to be produced by the Sale of any Timber which shall be cut down by Order of the said Courts, during so long Time as the M anors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, on which such Timber shall be growing, shall be in Possession of any Person or Persons having a limited Interest or limited Interests therein, having Regard to the State and Condition of such Timber, and to the Rights of all Persons interested therein.

Last recited Act not to restrain the Court of Chancery, or Session from m.king Order resetting the Application of Income derived say Persons

Irving a limited Interest from Land Tax redeemed by Sale of Timber.

V. And be it further enacted, That where any Lessee of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Where Lessees or Hereditaments, demised by any Bishop or other Ecclesiastical Corporation, and charged with Land Tax, undw Bishops^' shall be liable by virtue of the said last recited Act, on occasion of the Redemption of the Land Tax ab^ to* charged thereon, to pay the Amount of such Land Tax to such Bishop or other Ecclesiastical Corporation, Land Tax, and and such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; shall be demised to any under Leiiee* the Lands shall who shall be bound by Covenant or Agreement to pay such Land Tax, then and in such Case the Amount have been dc-of the Land Tax charged on such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and so ^to"nder redeemed as aforesaid, shall be considered as Rent reserved or made payable on such last mentioned Demise, Land TaxU shall and the same Powers shall be had, used, or enjoyed, for the Recovery thereof, as for the Recovery of such be considered as Rent when in Arrear. Kent reftrvtd on such laftDunife.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, Thc covernors

in the said first recited Act mentioned, to execute the Powers contained therein for the Redemption of any oi Queen Land Tax which shall have been or shall be contracted for by the Incumbent or Incumbents of Livings at Anne’s Bounty any Time previous to the Sale of such Land Tax under the said Act, in like Manner as they might have may continue to done within the Period limited by the said Act; and all Acts and Deeds of such Governors, and also aft *xetute the Contracts made before the passing of this Act, shall be valid and effectual for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, notwithstanding any Limitation of Time therein contained. of ^8 g.3. c* o*

for Redemption of Tand Tax contracted for by IncunaKats.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees for the Time being of any Trull Property heretofore given by any Will for the Purpose of being laid out in the Purchase of Lands or impropriate Tythes, for the Benefit of the poor Clergy of England, and who were empowered by the said secondly recited Act to apply their Funds therein mentioned for the Redemption or Purchase of Land Tax charged upon the Lands, Tythes, or other Profits arising from any Living or Livings belonging to the Church of England, which should have been contracted for on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to carry into Execution all and every the said Powers for the Redemption or Purchase of such Land Tax which shall have been or shall be contracted for by the Incumbent or Incumbents of any Living or Livings in the Manner directed by the said Act, at any Time before the twenty fifth Day of Aiavcb one thousand eight hundred, and the Transfers of Stock to be made for such Redemption drill have Effect from the Quarter Day preceding the making thereof, and all other Acts,

Matters, and Things, which the said Trustees might lawfully have done under and by virtue of the said fccocdly recited Act, shall be as valid and effectual to exonerate and difehiirge the Lands, Tythes and other Profits of such Living or Livings from the Payment of the Land Tax redeemed, as if such Land "Fax had been contrafted for on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and' ninety- r.ine.

Tniftces for ihs poor Clergy ui.dtrany Wills may execute the Towers given them by § -ja of c. 6. of this St (lion, for the Red'.mprkrv ol Land Tax contracted ior by fneumbents-before March. ‘ 25, 1800.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the said last recited Act of the present 5ession of Parliament contained shall be construed to extend to any Appeal against any Land Tax, or any Assessment of Land Tax contracted for, or to any Contraft for the Redemption of such Land Tax which shall have been reduced in its Amount within three Years preceding the Time of completing such Contract, unless such Appeal shall be made against the Party who shall have entered into such Contract, his or her Heirs or Assigns, and unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners before whom Inch Appeal shall be heard, and shall be adjudged by them* that the Reduction in the Amount of the AOell inent of Land Taxfo redeemed was fraudulently made, or was obtained by some undue Practice or false Reprefeiuation of the Value of the Dilate of such Party, in the Parish or Place where such Assessment was

§)32> 33 of c 21. of this Sc.Ton not to extent! to Appeals against ai y Land Tr.xy or Assessment ot' Land Tax contract’d for, or to any Contract for RcdeniptkOix

c.

110 C. 43, 44. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

of such Land

made, or of the Proportion of Value which his or her Estate bore to other Estates or Income liable to be Tax which afiefled in the same Parish or Place, so as to prove, to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners, that such reduced'viihm Reduction was wrongfully made; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary thereof not-three Yei'rs ' withstanding.

preceding, unless made ag.iinft the Party contracting, &c.

Guardians* &c. may transfer Stock ftaading in the Names of Infants, &c. or jointly with themselves, for Redemption of Land Tax*

Powers for accepting Stock, and for trans-1'crring ir for redeeming Land Tax, not liable to Sump Duty*

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Guardian*, Tutors, and Curators of Infants, and for all Trustees for married Women, who have contracted, or who shall contract, for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, wherein such Infants or married Women shall be interested, to transfer to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt so much of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities which shall be (landing in the Name or Names of such Infants or married Women, either solely, or jointly with such Guardians, Tutors, Curators, or Trustees, or any of them, as shall be sufficient for the Redemption of the Land Tax contracted for, and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby authorised and required to permit and suffer such Transfers to be made; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England shall give a Certificate or Receipt for the Stock to be so transferred, which shall be an Acquittance and Discharge to such Guardians, Tutors, Curators, or Trustees, transferring such Stock as aforesaid; and the said Governor and Company, and their respective Officers, are hereby indemnified against all Persons whatever for any Transfer made in pursuance of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That any Letter, or Power of Attorney, authorising any Person or Persons to accept any Stock in the Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, and also to transfer the same to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt on Account of or for the Purpose of redeeming any Land Tax, shall be exempted from Stamp Duty, and shall be valid and effectual in the Law for the Purpose of such Acceptances and Transfers.

---

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for further continuing, until the first Day of March one thousand eight hundred, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government.

[20th May 1799.]

[36 Geo. 3. c. 26.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government, which Act was to continue in force until the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer;

[39 Geo. 3. c. 15. recited.]

but the same, by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, that is to say, on the ninth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, was continued until the twenty-first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer: And whereas it is necessary for the publick Safety that the Provisions of the said Act passed in the last Session of Parliament should be further continued; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Persons who are or shall be imprisoned for High Treason, &c. may be detained till March 1, 1800, &c.]

That every Person who shall be in Prison within the Kingdom of Great Britain at or upon the Day on which this Act shall receive his Majesty's Royal Assent, or at any Time after that Day, by Warrant of his said Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council,

---

mayCbc°de- W flx the fa,(* Privy Council, or by Warrant signed by any of his Majesty's principal secretaries

tained till March of State, for High Treason, Suspicion of Treason, or treasonable Practices, maybe detained in safe Cuf-1, 1800, See. tody, without Bail or Mainprize, until the first Day of March one thousand eight hundred; and that no

Judge or Justice of the Peace shall bail or try any such Person so committed, without Order from his said Majesty's Privy Council, signed by six of the said Privy Council, until the said first Day of March one thousand eight hundred; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Act in Scotland

II. And be it further enacted, That the Act made in Scotland in the Year of our Lord one thousand of 1701, for pre- seven hundred and one, intituled, An Act for preventing wrongous Imprisonment, and against undue Delays ouTir^prison^" tn trials, in so far as the same may be construed to relate to Cases of Treason and Suspicion of Treason, be ment, so far at suspended until the said first Day of March one thousand eight hundred; and that until the fafo Day no

may relate to Judge, Justice of the Peace, or other Officer of the Law in Scotland, shall liberate, try, or admit to Bail,

Treason, &c. any Person or Persons that is, are, or shall be, in Prison within Scotland, for such causes as aforesaid, with-March 1 1800 out ^r<*er from Majesty's Privy Council, signed by fix of the said Privy Council.

From March i P*ovMed always. That, from and after the said first Day of March one thousand eight hundred, the

1800, Persons said Persons so committed shall have the Benefit and Advantage of all Laws and Statutes any Way relating so committed to or providing for the Liberty of the Subjects of this Realm.

shall have tly.*

Benefit of all Law* providing for the Liberty of the Subject, &c.

---

[Privileges of Parliament not invalidated by this Act.]

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act shall be construed to extend to invalidate the ancient Rights and Privileges in Parliament, or to the Imprisonment or Detaining of any Member of either House of Parliament, during the Sitting of such Parliament, until the Matter of which he stands

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 44. 111

suspected be first communicated to the House of which he is a Member, and the Consent of the said House obtained for his Commitment or Detainer.

---

[Persons

V. Provided nevertheless, That any Person or Persons in Prison at the Time of passing this Act, against Persons aralnft1 whom any Bill or Bills of Indictment for High Treason have been already found, shall and may be tried on whom India-such Indictment, as if this Act had never passed. ments for High Treason are already found, to be tried thereon*-

VI. And whereas divers Persons are now in Custody on Charges of High Treason, Suspicion of High Treason and treasonable Practices, under Warrants from one of his Majesty's principal Secretaries of

State, and who have been secured and detained in Custody under the Authority of the said recited Acts; and it ipay be highly important that such Persons as have been or shall be secured and detained on such Charges under the Authority of the said recited Acts, or of this Act, should be kept wholly separate and apart from each other, so as to prevent all Communication between them and with other Persons, except such Communication as his Majesty may think fit to permit, and under such Restrictions as may be advisable; and it has been found by Experience to be very difficult to keep such Persons separate as aforesaid, and to prevent such Communication as aforesaid, without (ending such Persons to different Places of Confinement; and Doubts may arise how far the Powers of his Majesty's principal Secretaries of State, to change the Places <?f Confinement of Persons so committed extends; and it is expedient to provide that the same shall not be so exercised, as to deprive the Persons so committed of any Right to be tried or discharged, which they might respectively have had, if their respective Places of Confinement had not been changed Now, to obviate all Doubts and Difficulty in respect thereof, be it further enacted and declared, That it shall be lawful for one of his Majesty's principal Secretaries of State, as he shall see Occasion, to older any Person committed to any Gaol or other Prison on any Charge of High Treason, Suspicion of High Treason, or treasonable Practices, either before or after Indictment found, to be conveyed to and detained in any other Gaol or other Prison, until discharged by due Course of Law, and to issue all Warrants necessary for such Purposes: Provided always nevertheless. That no Person who shall be removed by any such Warrant as aforesaid, shall be by Means of such Removal deprived of such Right to be tried or discharged, as such Person would by Law have been entitled to if not so removed; and in every Case in which any such Person would have been entitled to have beeh tried or discharged, if such Person had continued in the Gaol or Prison to which such Person was before committed, it shall be lawful for such Person to apply to be bailed or discharged in the same Manner as such Person might have done if such Person had remained in the Gaol or Prison to which such Person was before committed as aforesaid.

VII. And whereas^ in the present disturbed State of the Kingdom of Ireland, it has been found necessary to (end divers Persons who had been committed to Prison in Ireland on Charges of High Treason, Suspicion of High Treason, or treasonable Practices, to Great Britain^ for safe Custody, and for the Purpose of preventing improper Intercourse between such Persons and other Persons engaged or suspected of being engaged in the like Treasons or treasonable Practices; and it may be found expedient to fend other Persons to Great Britain under like Circumstances;’ be it enacted, That every Person who hath been sent to Great Britain as aforesaid, before the passing of this Act, and every Person who, after the passing of this Act, shall be sent to Great Britain to Me Custody, by order of the Lord Lieutenant, or Governor General, or ttber Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland, and of fix or more of his Majesty's Privy Council of the said Kingdom, shall and may be detained in Custody in this Kingdom, in such Place of safe. Custody as to his Majesty shall seem fit, provided such Person shall be charged with High Treason, Suspicion of High Treason, or treasonable Practices, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of one of his Majesty's principal Secretaries of State: Provided always nevertheless, That no Person shall be detained as aforesaid, so as to prevent the Trial or Discharge of such Person in due Course of Law, whenever such Person shall by the Law of Ireland be entitled to such Trial or Discharge; but in all Cases in which any Person so detained would by the Law of Ireland, if in Custody^in that Kingdom, be entitled to be tried or discharged, it shall be lawful for such Person to apply to the Court of King’s Bench in England, or to any Judge of that Court, or to the Court of Judiciary in Scotland, or to any Judge of that Court, to be discharged; and if it shall appear to such Court or to such Judge that such Person, if in Custody in Ireland, would be entitled to be tried or discharged, it shall be lawful for such Court or such Judge to order such Person to be discharged, or to be sent to Ireland^ to be dealt with according to Law.

Any one of his Majesty's Secretaries of State may order any Person committed on any Charge of High Treason, &c. to be conveyed from one Prison to an*, other.

Such Removal not to deprive any Person of any Right to be. tried or discharged, &c.

Persons charged With High Treason, &c. by Warrant of a Principal Secretary of State, and sent from Ireland to Great Britain, by Order of the Lord Lieutenant and of six Privy Counsellors, may be detained in Custody in such Place as his Majesty shall, think lit.

But when en--titled by the Law of Ireland to be tried or discharged, such Persons may

apply to the Court of King’s Bench in England, or Court of Justiciary Tn Scotland, or ope of the Judges of those Courts, who shall order them to be discharged, or sent to Ireland.

One of his Majesty's Secretaries of State may order any Person in Custody on a Charge of High Treason, Sea. committed in Ireland, to be detained in Great Britain until he can be properly kntto> lrUand, to be tried or discharged: And

VIII. And whereas many Persons engaged in the late Rebellion in Ireland, and in other treasonable Practices there, have fled from Ireland\ and are now in Great Britain; and other Persons may come from Ireland to Great Britain under the like Circumstances; and it may be expedient, not only to arrest such Persons, for the Purpose of sending them to Ireland to be tried for such Offences, but a Ho to secure and detain such Persons in Great Britain until they can be properly sent to Ireland^ to be tried or discharged in 4 due Course of Law be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for one of his Majesty's principal Sectaries of State, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order any Person who shall be in Custody upon any Charge of High Treason, Suspicion of High Treason, or treasonable Practices, done or committed in Ireland, to be secured and detained in Great Britain, until such Person can be properly sent to Ireland^ to be tried or discharged in due Course of Law: Provided always nevertheless. That no Person shall be detained as aforesaid, Co as to prevent the Trial or Discharge of such Person in due Course of Law, whenever such Person shall by the Law of Ireland be entitled to such Trial, or discharged; but in all Cases in which any Pcxfon so detained would by the Law of Irelandif in Custody in that Kingdom, be entitled to be tiied

112 C. 44, 45, 46. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

[when entitled,

or discharged, it shall be lawful for such Person to apply to the Court of King’s Bench in England, or to to be tried or any Judge of that Couft, or to the Court of Judiciary in Scotland, or to any Judge of that Court, to be

discharged, such discharged; and if it Pi all appear to such Court or such Judr;c that such Person, if in Custody in Ireland, P*rion may. W0u|d be entitled to be tried or discharged, it shall be lawful for such Court or such Judge to order such Per-Cauryto9f King’s f°n to be discharged, or to be sent to Ireland, to be dealt with according to Law, tench in England, or Court of Justiciary in Scotland, or one of the Judges, who Pnail order him t^he discharged orient to Ireland#

---

[Continuance of this Act, March 1, 1800.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the said first Day of March one thousand eight hundred and no longer.

[Act may be altered or repealed this Session.]

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLV.

An Act for making perpetual so much of an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-four, videlicet, on the twenty-sixth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment of certain Offenders, as relates to the Punishment of burning in the Hand of certain Persons convicted of Felony within the Benefit of Clergy.

[20th May 1799.]

[19 Geo. 3. c. 74. (Continued by 24 Geo. 3. st. 2. c. 56; 28 Geo. 3. c. 24; and 34. Geo. 3. c. 60.) recited;]

'WHEREAS an Act was made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment of certain Offenders: And whereas so much of the said Act as relates to the Punishment of burning in the Hand when any Person is convicted for Felony within the Benefit of Clergy, which was to continue in force until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which was, by three Acts made in the twenty-fourth, twenty-eighth, and thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, further continued until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, has been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the same should be made perpetual; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[and so much thereof as relates to the Punishment of burning in the Hand made perpetual. [See cc. 46, 52 of this Session.]]

That so much of the said Act as relates to the Punishment of burning in the Hand, when any Person is convicted of Felony within the Benefit of Clergy, shall and the same is hereby made perpetual.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for making perpetual so much of an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-four, videlicet, on the twenty-sixth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and ether Punishment of certain Offenders, as relates to the Lodgings of Judges at County Assizes.

[20th May 1799.]

[19 Geo 3. c. 74. (continued by 24 Geo. 3. st. 2. c.56; [28 Geo. 3. c 24; and 34 Geo. 3. c. 60.) recited;]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and ether Punishment of certain Offenders: And whereas so much of the said Act as relates to the Lodgings of Judges at County Assizesl which was to continue in force until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which was, by three Acts made in the twenty-fourth, twenty-eighth, and thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, further continued until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, has been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the same should be made perpetual be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[and so much thereof as relates to the Lodgings of Judges at County Assizes, made perpetual. [See cc. 45, 52 of this Session.]]

That so much of the said Act, as relates to the Lodgings of Judges at County Assizes, shall be, and the same is hereby made perpetual.

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 47, 48, 49. 113

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to continue, until the fifth Day of July next, an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, Chapter Twenty-four, videlicet, on the twenty-first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, for continuing several Acts made in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh and in the thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for suspending the Operation of certain Acts made in the fifteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

[13th June 1799.]

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to continue, until the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, for continuing several Acts for allowing the Banks, and certain Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under a certain Amount.

[13th June 1799.]

"39 Geo. III. Cap. 25. recited, and continued till July 5, 1709: but this Act may be altered this Session. No Notes under 5s. to be issued."

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to extend the Bail to be given in Cases of Criminal Information, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[13th June 1799.]

---

[

'WHEREAS by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the Year one thousand seven hundred Act of the Par- and one, intituled, An Act for preventing wrongous hnpr for inert, and against undue Delays in lament of Trials, the Sums for which Bail was ordered to be taken in Criminal Informations were not to exceed fix Scotland 1701.

thousand Merks for a Nobleman, three thousand Merks for a landed Gentleman, one thousand Merks for any other Gentleman and Burgess, and three hundred Merks for any other inferior Person, all Money of Scotland:

[

And whereas by an Act, made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King ix Geo. i.e. 1$. 4 George the First, intituled, An Act for more effectual disarming the Highlands in that Part of Great Britain recited.

called Scotland, and for the better Securing the Peace and Quiet of that Part of the Kingdom; reciting, that it was found, by Experience, that the Sums for which Bail is to be taken on any Criminal Information, in pursuance of the said Act of the Parliament of Scotland, were too small and disproportioned to the Danger of the Criminals escaping from the Punishment appointed by Law, it was enacted, That, from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, it might and should be lawful to and for all and every Magistrate, Judge, and Court of Judicature within Scotland, who by the said Act above recited were, in case of Criminal Informations and Accusations, directed to limit the Bail by them to be taken to the several and respective Sums above-mentioned, to extend the Bail to be given in the said several and respective Cases to double the Sums provided by the aforesaid A£^ if he or they, upon the Circumstances of the Case, should think fit: And whereas it is again found by Experience, that the Sums to which Bail was extended by the said last recited Act in Criminal Informations and Accusations, how- ever adequate they may have been at this last Period to the general State of the Country, and to the Circumstances of Individuals, do no longer bear any suitable Relation thereto, and have become inefficient for,

compelling Persons accused of Crimes to stand their Trials, and tend to render ineffectual and nugatory the most salutary Laws, to bring into Contempt the Authority of the Magistrate, and to afford a Temptation and Facility to the Commission of Crimes: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted 5* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Add, it shall and may be lawful to and for all Mag.flrates and and every Magistrate, Judge, and Court of Judicature, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, ^oO and may who by the said last recited Act were, in Cases of Criminal Informations and Accusations, directed to extend the Bail limit the Bail by them to be taken ro double the Sums prov ided by the aforesaid Act of the Parliament of to be given in Scotland, to extend the Bail to be given in the said several and respective cases, if he or they upon the Cir- Cases of Cri-cumstances of the Case shall think fit, to the several and respective Sums following; videlicet, to one theu- Iriforn«

fand two hundred Pounds Sterling fora Nobleman, six hundred Pounds Sterling for a landed Gentleman, sterling^or V three hundred Pounds Sterling for any other Gentleman, Burgess, or Householder, and to sixty Pounds tfo» leman. Sterling for any inferior Person. 6ooLfpr a

landed Gentleman, jcol. for any other Gentleman, Burgess, or Householder, and 60l. for an interior Person.

II. And whereas several Instances have lately occurred of disaffected Persons concerned in Societies of in Cases where 4 a criminal Nature, when any of their Associates have been committed to Prison, subscribing the Sums necessary for bailing such Persons, in order that, by Forfeiture of the Bail Bond?, they may evade a cTiarge'of °n

Trial and escape from Justice ;* be it therefore enacted, That in all Cases where any Person shall in fu- sedition, any ture bt imprisoned on a Charge of being guilty of the Crime of Sedition, if shall and may be lawful for Judge of the the Judges of the Court of Justiciary, or any one of them, on an Application for that Purpose in the Name c.ourt of of his Majesty V Advocate, to extend the Bail respectively herein dneded to be taken, beyond the Sum^ jic^io^iifthe above specified, to such Amount as, under all the Circumstances of the Case, the Court, or any Judge NLilcof his0

---

114 C. 49 - 52. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

[Majesty's Advocate, may extend the bail beyond the sums above specified. Act not to deprive Persons of the other Benefits of the recited Acts.]

thereof, shall consider sufficient for ensuring the Attendance or the Appearance of the Person accused on the Day of Trial: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to deprive such Person of the other Benefits of the Acts above-mentioned, and particularly of his forcing on the Day of Trial, as specially directed by the Act of the Parliament of Scotland first above recited.

CAP. L.

An Act for making perpetual an Act, made in the thirty third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty*, intituled, An Act for the further Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery, and deliver, upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors Benefit.

[13th June 1799.]

[* c. 5.]

CAP. LI.

An Act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, several Laws relating to the Transportation of Felons and other Offenders, and to the authorising the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland respectively.

[13th June 1799.]

[So much of 19 Geo. 3. c. 74. (continued by 28 Geo. 3. c. 24; 34 Geo. 3. c. 60.) as relates to Transportation beyond the Seas; and so much of 24 Geo. 3. c. 56 (continued by the same acts,) as extends to authorize the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement; further continued till March 25, 1802.]

WHEREAS the several Laws herein after mentioned have been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the same should be further continued; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment of certain Offenders, as relates to Transportation beyond the Seas; and also so much of an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the effectual Transportation of Felons and other Offenders; and to authorize the Removal of Prisoners, in certain cases; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; as extends to authorize the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement; which Acts were amended and continued by two other Acts of the twenty-eighth and thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same are hereby further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two.

[So much of 25 Geo. 3. c. 46. (continued by 34 Geo. 3. c. 60) as authorizes the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement, further continued till March 25, 1802.]

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Transportation of Felons and other Offenders in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to authorize the Removal of Prisoners, in certain cases, as authorizes the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement, which was to continue in force until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which was revived and continued by an Act of the thirty-fourth Year of his present Majesty, until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two.

CAP. LII.

An Act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, so much of an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-four, videlicet, on the twenty-sixth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment of certain Offenders, as relates to Penitentiary Houses.

[13th June 1799.]

[19 Geo. 3. C. 74. (continued by 24 Geo. 3. st. 2. c. 56: 28 Geo. 3. c. 24. and 34 Geo. 3. c. 60.) recited;]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, an Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment of certain Offenders: And whereas so much of the said Act as relates to Penitentiary Houses, which was to continue in force until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which was, by three Acts made in the twenty-fourth, twenty-eighth, and thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, further continued until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, has been found useful and beneficial; and it is expedient that the same should be further continued; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty. by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 52, 53, 54. 115

[and so much thereof as relates to Penitentiary Houses further continued till March 25, 1802. [See cc. 45, 46, 51. of this Session.]]

and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act as relates to Penitentiary Houses shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two.

CAP. LIII.

An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, so much of an Act, made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[13th June 1799.]

[23 Geo. 3. c. 28 (continued by 30 Geo. 3. c. 5.; 33 Geo. 3. c. 74.) recited; and so much therefore as relates to the Payment of Creditors in Scotland, to be continued till March 25, 1804.]

'WHEREAS an Act was made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the twelfth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to Bills and Promissory Notes: And whereas so much of the said Act as relates to the Payment of Creditors, and which was to continue in force for seven Years from the twenty-sixth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which was continued and amended by two Acts of the thirtieth and thirty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, until the seventeenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, has been found useful and beneficial; and it is expedient that the same should be further continued;' be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act as relates to the Payment of Creditors in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and four.

CAP. LIV.

An Act to indemnify all Persons who may have incurred Penalties or Forfeitures under an Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers and other Artificers occupying the cutting of Leather; and to repeal Parts of the said Act, relating to the buying of Hides.

[13th June 1799.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King James the First,

[2 Jac. 1. c. 22. recited.]

---

intituled, An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers occupying the cutting of Leather, it is amongst other Things enacted, That no Person or Persons shall bargain, buy, make any Contract for, or bespeak, any Rough Hide, or Calve Skin in the Hair, but only such Person or Persons as by virtue of the said Act may lawfully use the Craft or Mystery of tanning of Leather, and shall

tan the same, or such Person or Persons which shall taw the same; and that no Tanner or other Person or Persons shall forestal any Hides coming to any Fair or Market, not shall buy any Hide any other where than in open Fair or Market, unless it be of such Person or Persons as shall kill the said Bead, whereof the said Hide shall be for the Provision of his or their own House or Houses, upon Pain of the Forfeiture therein mentioned: And whereas, notwithstanding the said Act, it has been usual and customary for -

Tanners to buy raw Hides of Persons who kill Beasts, whereof such Hides are taken, although (bch Beasts have not been killed for the Provision of their own House or Houses, in consequence of which Actions have been lately brought, and other Actions maybe brought against Tanners and others who have so bought raw Hides, on the Ground that such Buying is contrary to the Prohibition of the said Act: And whereas the Practice of so buying Hides was not introduced by the Persons against whom Actions have been brought,

but has been prevailing many Years, and particularly the Hides of Beasts bought and killed for the Publick Service have usually been sold to Tanners, and not in Publick Markets, and have been again sold by the Purchasers without tanning or tawing the same; and it will be injurious to the Publick Service if such

Hides shall not continue to be so fold: And whereas the Actions lo brought might be attended with the

Ruin of the Defendants: In order therefore to prevent such Litigation, Expence, and Mischief, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person or Persons against Persons indem-

whom any Action, Bill, Plaint, or information hath been or shall he brought for any Penalty or Penalties

incurred before the passing of this Act, by reason of any Breach of the said Prohibition contained in the foj;

aforesaid Act, shall be, and is and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from the same; any Thing curred uncttr

in the before-mentioned Act to the contrary notwithstanding. recited Act, for buying Hides otherwise than in open Market, &c.

II. Provided always,* That all Costs incurred in prosecuting any such Action, Bill, Plaint, or Informa- Gofts incurred tion, shall be borne and discharged by the Defendant or Defendants in such Action, Bill, Plaint, or Tnforma-tionj and it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants, in any Action or Actions brought or to be be discharged by

0.2 brought Defendants,

Ii6 C. 54/55,' Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

who may there- brought as aforesaid, to apply to the Court in which such Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, shall be c^in$*yPr°' brought to flay all Proceedings therein on Payment of such Cods.

Act not to in*

III. Provided also, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to demnify Person* to indemnify any Person against whom final Judgment shall have been given before the fifth Day

nanudgment of A*Prt^ one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, in any such Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information; and ihain.avc been that the Defendant in any such Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, which has been or shall be brought, may given before plead the general Blue, and give this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; April 5, 1799, and in case any pjfa has already been pleaded, or any Demarrer filed, may move the Court to stay all Proceedings, and the Court shall make such Order as may be necessary for effectuating the Purposes of this Act,

So much of the

IV. And be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any Thing in the said Act contained, it shall be tccitfd Act as lawful for all Persons to bargain, buy, contract for, or befjicak, any rough Hide or Calf Skin in the Hair, prohibits the of fteafts (laughtered for the Service of his Majesty's Navy, although such Person or Persons shall not Beasts8flaieh- afterwards tan or taw the same; and that so much of the said Act as prohibits the bargaining, buying, con-

tered for the" tracing for, or bespeaking any rough Hides, or Calf Skin in the Hair, of Beads (laughtered for the Service

Service of the of his Majesty's Navy, and not afterwards tarlning or tawing the same, or the buying of raw Hides any

Navy, and not otherwise than in open Fair or Market, or imposes any Penalty or Forfeiture in respect thereof, shall be ana

afterwards tan- the same hereby repealed, mng or tawing

them, or the buying of raw Hides otherwise than in open Market, repealed.

[Proprietors of Lands thirle-i, or of Mills to which Lands are thirled, may apply to have the Thirlage commuted, to the Sheriff or Steward L>e. pute, or Subfti-tute, who shall proceed as hcie-1 u directed.

---

CAP. LV.

An Act for encouraging the Improvement of Lands subject to the Servitude of Thirlage, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[13th June 1799.]

---

WHEREAS it is found by Experience, that the Servitude of Thirlage, and Right of Mill Services incident thereto, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, are very unfavourable to the general Improvement of the Country, by checking the Industry of the Occupiers of the Ground, and by occasioning troublesome and expensive Litigation; and that it is highly expedient that it should be allowed to Persons subject to such Servitude to compensateor to commute the same by a fixed annual Payment, in lieu and Satisfaction of the said Right of Thirlage, and of all Services, Predations, and Restrictions, thereto incident or pertaining, and in some Cases to make an entire and complete Purchase of the same for a fair and adequate Price Therefore be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Lands or Tenements thirled or adrifted to any Mil), in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or to the Proprietor of any Mill to which the Lands or Tenements of any other Person or Persons are thirled or adrifted, who shall be desirous to have such Thirlage or Adriftion changed or commuted into such annual Payment, to apply to his Majesty's Sheriff or Steward Depute of the County or Stewartry in which such Lands or Tenements, and Mills, are situated, or to his Substitute, by a Petition, setting forth such his or their Desire, and speccifying the Lands and Tenements so thirled, which he or they is or are delirous should be f.eed from such Thirlage, and the Mill or Mills to which such Lands or Tenements are so thirled, and also the Nature of the Thirlage, the several Species of Corn or Grain over which it is extended, the Quantity of Multure paid for grinding every Sort of Grain, the Services dependent on the Right, and the total Amount of the Multures and other Dues claimed or allowed to be due 5 which Petition the said Sheriff, or Steward Depute or Substitute, shall order to be served on the other Party or Parties interested in the said Thirlage, and on the Tenant or Tenants of the Mill or Mills described in the said Petition, and shall also cause anediftal Citation to be made of all Parties having or pretending to have Intered in the said Thirlage, at the Church or Churches of the Parish or Parishes within which the Mill, and also the Lands thirled thereto, are situated, and the Party or Parties on whom such Petition is served shall, within forty Days after furh Service and Citation, if within Scotland, or if furth thereof, then within sixty Days, lodge with the Sheriff or Steward’s Clerk their Answers to the Petition, (and if any of the said Subjects are entailed, on the next Substitute Heir of Entail within the Kingdom, who would succeed failing the Heir in Possession and his Family,) and shall therein fit forth all Objections they may have, either to any further Procedure or to the Matter of the said Petition; and they shall also date every Claim, Demand, or Deduction, which they are either then or afterwards to make or crave; which Petition and Answers thfe Sheriff, or Steward Depute, or his Substitute, shall immediately take into Consideration, and within thirty Days shall make an Older or Decree finding and declaring the precise Matters in the said Petition and Answers, which are relevant to pass to the Knowledge of a jury in Manner after mentioned, and twenty Days from ihe Date of such Order or Decree having elapsed, or in case of any Advocation, Suspension, or other Stay, by the Authority of a superior Court, within ten Days after such Advocation, Suspension, or other Stay, has been d:(cuffed and removed, the Sheriff, or Steward Depute, or his Substitute, shall pronounce an interlocutor, appointing a Jury to be summoned on a certain Day, to be expressed in the said Interlocutor, at the Difiance of not Ids than thirty and not more than forty Days from the Date of such Interlocutor, to give their Verdict or Determination on the Matters contained in the said Petition, and Answers and Decree made thereon by the said Sheriff, or Steward Depute or Substitute, or by a superior Court, in such Manner, and for such Purpose as here in-a her is directed; and the said Sheriff’* or Steward Depute, or his

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 55. 117

Substitute, is hereby directed and recmired to dimmon an Assize of at least twenty-one impartial and dif-interested raen? each of whom shall be an Heritor or Tenant of Land, paying thirty Pounds Sterling of yearly Rent within the said County or Stewartry, or in the Case of Heritors occupying their own Lands, then of thirty Pounds Scots of valued Rent, on such Day as shall be mentioned in the Interlocutor aforesaid 5 which Assize being called on the said Day, the Number of Persons then attending on the said Assize shall be reduced to nine by each Party, (that is, the Proprietor of the Mill on the one Part, and the Proprietor or Proprietors of the thirled Lands or Tenements on the other,) (hiking off alternately, beginning on the Part of the Proprietor of the Mill, or in case of any of the Parties not appearing, by the Sheriff or Steward Depute or Substitute, (hiking off for and on Behalf of such Party, till the Number be reduced to nine, who shall be sworn, and constitute a Jury for the Determination of the annual Value of the Thirlage Services and Predations thereto annexed, which is submitted to their Consideration; before which Jury, and the said Sheriff, or Steward Depute or Substitute, the said Petition, and Answers and Decree, together with such Evidence as any of the Parties may incline, shall be laid; which Evidence shall be taken in Writing, and remain for four Years at least upon Record in the Court where it was taken; and after deliberating thereon, and hearing Parties and their Procurators, if they shall desire to be heard, and u^on a dtfe Consideration of all the Circumstances of the Case, the said Jury shall, by their Verdi# or Determination, (lx and ascertain the Amount of such annual Payment, in Grain of such Kinds, and in such Quantity and Amount, as to the said Jury shall appear to be a just, fair, and eaual Value and Compensation for the said Right of ThirU age, and all and every Service, Preftation, or Restri#ion thereto annexed or incident; of which Verdi# or Determination an Abbreviate shall be registered by any of the Parties in the General Register of Safines at ‘Edinburgh, or the particular Register for the said County or Stewartry, within sixty Days after the pronouncing of such Verdi# or Determination: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall invalidate or infringe the Right competent to the Proprietor of any Mill for supporting and repairing the Mill Dam, and the Ledd or Aquedu# condu#ing the Water to such Mill, by taking Stones, Turf, or other Materials, from the 'rhirled Lands of any neighbouring Heritor along which the said Aquedu# passes, or of deepening or clearing the same, conform to Use and Wont*

II. And whereas the said Petition and Answers may contain Matters of Law touching Rights of 1 Thirlage, where to the said Sheriff, or Steward Depute or Substitute, has not a competent Jurisdiction be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful to the said Sheriff, or Steward Depute or Substitute, and they are hereby empowered and authorised to decide and determine, by their Order or Decree, on the said Petition and Answers, all Questions in Law therein contained, respecting the Nature, Quality, and Extent of the Thijdage to be valued, and Services, Predations, and Restri#ions thereto incident, or the Claims, Demands, and Deductions, made or craved by either of the Parties any Law or Practice to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That it shall not be lawful to the said Sheriff, or Steward Depute or Substitute, to pronounce any Judgment or Decree, finding or declaring Lands to be thirled or aftridted to a Mill, where the Proprietor or the Lands denies the Existence of any such Right of Thirlage, unless the other Party produce an Extra# of a Decree of Declarator pronounced by the Court of Session, or sufficient Evidence thereof in Proof of his Right, and that the said Sheriff, or Steward Depute or Substitute, shall ('uch Production not being made) dismiss the Petition in so far as regards the Lands which are denied to be thiiled, and proceed only so the Valuation of the Thirlage of those Lands which are confessed to be thirled, as in Manner is before directed.

IV. And be it speciahy enacted, provided, and declared, That after the Expiry of'three Years from the Registration of the Verdi# of the jury, the said Verdi#, and the Proceedings had relative thereto, shall not be reduced, set aside, reviewed, altered, or amended by the Court of Session, of any other Judicatory, for any Negle# of the Provisions herein contained, or for any Informality or Error, or for any other Reason or Pretext whatever; and if any Party shall pursue any Process of Reduction of the Verdict of the Jury, or other Process forfeiting the same aside, or for altering or amending the tame, in the Court of Session, and shall fail in such Pursuit or Process, such Party prosecuting as aforesaid shall be liable to the other Party or Parties in full Costs of Suit.

V. And be it further enacted, That after such Verdi# and Determination as aforesaid, the Servitude of Thiilage, and all Services, Predations, and Restri#ions, pertaining or any way incident thereto, so valued by the said Jury, shall cease to be exigible from, or binding upon either or any of the Parties, but that in lieu thereof the said Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers of the thirled Lands or Tenements, shall be bound and obliged to pay, and the Proprietor of the Mill to which ihs said Lands or Tenements are thirled, shall be bound and obliged to receive annually, at the Mill where the Multure under

fh<» former Sprvifiulft of 'Xhirlaoe was in tile to naifl. or nt fnmr nthpr ronvonipnf P! ir,° tin hr; fiYFrl hv fh#»

in the Option of the Payer, the Value of such Corn or Grain in Money^ according to the Value or Price put upon such Kind or Kinds of Corn or Grain by the Fiars of the County in \vhich the Grain is payable, for the Year Within which such Payment is due.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That such Verdi# or Determination shall not be prevented or delayed by the Absence or Non-attendance of any Person interested in such Th*rl~ age, but that the Jury shall proceed on such Evidence as shall be produced to them by any of the paities then and there attending, and pronounce such Verdi# and Determination as aforesaid, wh ch shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if all the Parties interested therein hud attended, and been beard in relation thereto ] but it is also provided that if any of the Parties shall shew sufficient Reason for

Act not to infringe the Right of taking Materials for supporting Mill Dams, &c.

Sheriff, &c. may determine all Questions in Law contained in Petitions and Answers.

Sheriff, &c. not to declare Land thirled, if the Proprietor deny it, unless the other Party produce Proof of the Right.

After three Years Registration of the Verdfft, it Hull not be altered* Ac.

After Verdict all RtUriel.or>s. 10 cease, and the Piopiicier of the M.li fnaJI be bound to receive the Compensation in Corn, or its Value in Money, at the Ou:.on of the Payer.

Verdict rot. to be-delayed by Abfjnce of any I*,rfcr.s interacted, but the Day for taking it may be adit ui red, on fuf-itcicrt Kiafon being dv.vY'.K

1x8 C. 55.

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Annual Payment in lku of ThiiUgc to be made at Candlemas.

The Commutation for Thirlage to Mills let on Lease shall be lull Compenf.i-tion to the Lessees of the Mills; and where paid by Proprietors of Lands thirled ^ind let on Lease9 the LeHee of ttic Lands shall repay the Proprietor.

On Objection of Tenants paying one Fourth of the Rent of Lands thirled, a Jury (hnl) proportion, the Commuta. tion.

Commutation shall not give Claim to the Mill Proprietor to Relief from the Land Tax, nor atfed Right of Freehold.

Thirlage of the Jmet I a et lliata may be purchased.

Such Thirlage may be purchased notwithstanding the Mdl be held under a Deed of Entail on certain Conditions.

adjourning the said Day appointed for taking the Verdict of the Jury* it shall be lawful for the said Sheriff, or Steward Depute or Substitute* to make such Adjournment to any Day within thirty Days from the Day firfk appointed, the Party praying an Adjournment always defraying all Expenets thereby incurred.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Annual Payment herein above directed to be made, in Lieu and Satisfaction of the said Servitude of Thirlage, shall be payable at the Term of Candlemas in each Year* the full Payment to be made at the Term of Candlemas, immediately subsequent to the Date of the Verdict or Determination of the said Jury: the amount of which first Payment shall be fixed by the said Jury, according to such Proportion as they mall judge reasonable on the whole Circumstances of the Case.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That where the Mill or Mills aforesaid* with the Rights of Thirlage thereto annexed, are let to Tenants under Tacks or Leases, the Annual Payment in Grain or Money, so as aforesaid to be paid as a Commutation or Equivalent for the Right of Thirlage annexed to such Mill* shall, and the same is hereby declared to be payable, during the Term or Currency of such Tack or Lease, to the Tenant or Lessee of such Mill or Mills, and such Annual Payment shall be to such Tenant or Lessee, Tenants or Lessees, full Compensation for dr in Lieu and Satisfaction of all Multure, Mill Services, or other Rights or Servitudes pertaining or incident to the said Right of Thirlage let to him or them by such Tack or Lease, such Tack or Lease, or any Condition dr Preftation therein contained notwithstanding; and where the Lands of the Servient Tenement or Estate thirled are let in Lease to Tenants, and the Proprietor shall pay the Annual Commutation or Equivalent, the Lefltes shall in that Case be obliged to make Payment to the Proprietor of a Proportion of the said Annual Cormputation or Equivalent, corresponding to the Rent of the Lands let in Lease compared with the total Amount of Rent payable by the whole Lands thirled, and that the said Proportion of the said Annual Commutation or Equivalent shall be recoverable by the Proprietor in the same Manner in which he is entitled to recover his Rent.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Proportion by Rent shall be objected to by Tenants paying one Fourth or more of the Rent of the Lands thirled, the said Jury shall then divide according to the bed: of their Judgment, Information, and Belief, the different Parts of the Commutation to be paid by the several Tenants, according to the Value of Multures, Services, and Predations legally exigible from the several respective Farms occupied or possessed by them; or if the Parties are not then prepared, the Sheriff or Steward Depute, or his Substitute, is hereby authorised and required, at the Request and Desire of the above-mentioned Proportion of the Tenants, again to convene the aforesaid Jury, in Manner and with Notice as above directed, and that on any Day within the Space of two Months from the Date of their first Award, when the said Jury shall meet and make such Division.

X. And whereas the Annual Payment to be adjudged under this Act to the Proprietor of a Mill, in lieu of the Multures, Mill Services, and other Rights, froiq^which the Lands thirled are to be thereby relieved*

is meant and understood to be of equal Value, and a lull Compensation for the Discharge thereof, and in no ways to take from or diminish the Value of his Right as Proprietor/ it is further hereby enacted, and declared, That the Discharge of the Multures, Mill Services, and other Rights belonging to a Proprietor of a Mifi, as to the Whole or any Part of the Lands aftrifted to it, and the Substitution of an Annual Payment by way of Compensation in place thereof, in the Manner above provided for, shall afford to such Proprietor no Ground or Pretence for claiming Relief from any Part of the^Cess or Land Tax payable by him in respect thereof, either where such Mill stood separately valued in the Cess Books, or where it was included in a joint or cumulo Valuation with other Parts of his Property; and for the same Reason. that it shall not in anyways affect or impair any Right of Freehold, or Qualification to elect or be elected as a Member of Parliament, arising from or founded upon it, either where the Mill with its Mill Lands and Multures of itself affords such Qualification in respect of its Valuation or old Extent, or where it makes Part of a Tenement which forms fuel) Qualification, either on its Valuation or as separately retoured of an Extent sufficient for that Purpose.

XI. And whereas there is a Kind of Thirlage known in the Law and Practice of Scotland, called a Thirlage of the Invefia et IUatay to which lundry Towns, Burghs, Burghs of Barony, Villages, or other Places* in that Part of the Kingdom, and the Inhabitants thereof, are subject, which Thirlage it is expedient to allow to be purchased by the Persons subject to the same be it therefore enacted, That if any Inhabitant or Inhabitants of such Town, Burgh, Village, or Place, shall be deiirous to purchase an Exemption from the said Servitude of Thirlage, and all and every the Services and Prestations incident thereto, to which the whole Town, Burgh, Village, or Place is liable, from the Proprietor of such Mill or Mills entitled to the same, it shall be lawful and competent to them to apply in Manner above mentioned, to the Sheriff’or Steward Depute of the County or Stewartry in which such Town, Burgh, Village, or Place is situate, who shall take such Proceedings, and ftimmon a Jury in such Manner as is herein-before particularly directed* which Jury shall by their Verdict fix and determine the lull Valuejn Money of such Right of Thirlage in Perpetuity, on which Verdict and Determination the said Sheriff, or Steward Depute or Substitute, shall pronounce Decreet against the Person or Persons so petitioning or applying to him as aforesaid, for the Sum so fixed and determined by such Jury, on Payment of which to the Proprietor of the Mill, such Town, Burgh, Village, or Place, or such Inhabitant or Inhabitants thereof, formerly subject to such Thirlage, shall thenceforth be for ever freed and relieved from the same.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted, That such Proceeding may take place, and such Exemption be purchased in Manner aforesaid, notwithstanding the Mill or Mills, to which such Burgh, Town, or Village is thirled* be held by the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof under a Deed or Deeds of Entail, provided that the Price paid for the same, in virtue of the Determination of the Jury and Decreet of the Sheriff hereby directed, shall be settled and secured in like Manner as is directed in the Case of Superiorities sold to the

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 55, 56. 119

Vassals of entailed Eftatos, by an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Tenure of Ward. Holding in Scotland, and for con- ao Geo. a. c. 50. vesting the same into Blanch and Feu HoLlings; and for regulating the C.fualty of Non entry in certain cases; and for taking envoy the Casualties of Single and Life Rent Escheats incurred there by Horning and Denunciation for Civil causes; and for giving to Heirs and Successors there a summary Process against Superiors \ and ff difebi urging the Attendance of Vassals at Head Courts there; and for ascertaining the Service of Tenants

there; and for allowing Heirs of Tailzie there to sell Lands to the Crovun^ for er effing Buildings and making Settlements in the Highlands.

XIII. And whereas it may happen, that a Mill and some of the Lands thirled to it may be within dif- If Mill and ferent Counties or Stewartries be it enacted, That in such Case the Application shall be made to the Sheriff be^rith»<l or Stewart of the County or Stewartry in which the Mil) is fuuated, before whom the Parties concerned AppUa*-who live without his Jurisdiction may be cited by virtue of Letters of Supplement in common Form. tion to be made

to the Sheriff where the Mill is situate.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby expressly enacted and declared, That nothing herein-before con- Act not to ex-tained shall apply to the Case where a permanent Annual Payment, either in Money* or Grain, is already tend where, an fixed or established under the Name of Dry Multure, in lieu of the Servitude of Thirlage; but reserving nnua ay nevertheless to either Party, as well the Proprietor of the Dominant as of the Survient Tenement, to apply in Manner herein-before directed for commutating or compensating by such fixed Annual Payment as herein before mentioned, all Mill Services and other Prestations and Restrictions, if any such are exigible, over and above the Sum of Money or Grain payable in Name of Dry Multure as aforesaid.

ment under the Name of Dry 'Multure is fixed.

---

CAP. LVI.

An Act to explain and amend the Laws relative to Colliers in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[13th June 1799.]

WHEREAS, before the passing of an Act of the fifteenth Year of his present Majesty,

[15 Geo. 3. c. 28. recited.]

---

intituled, An Act for altering, explaining, and amending several of the Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, respecting Collierr. Coal Bearers, and Salters, many Colliers, Coal Bearers, and Salters* were bound for Life to, and transferrable with the Collieries and Salt Works where they worked; but by the said Act their Bondage was taken off, and they were declared to be free, under the Conditions therein mentioned;

notwithstanding which, many Colliers and Coal Bearers still continue in a State of Bondage, from not having complied with the Provisions, or from having become subject to the Penalties, in the said Act:

May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all the Colliers in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ who were bound Colliers at the Time of passing the said Act, shall be and they are here hereby declared to be free from their Servitude, and in the same Situation in every Respect as if they had regularly obtained a Decree in the Manner directed by the said Act.

II. And whereas, by an Act of the Scots Parliament, videlicet, of the twenty-second Parliament of King James the Sixth, (twenty-eighth of June one thousand six hundred and seventeen,) Chapter Eight, and

by another Act of the Scots Parliament, videlicet, of the first Parliament of King Charles the Second, (in 4 January one thousand fits hundred and sixty-one,) Chapter Thirty-eight, it is enacted, That the Justices of the Peace for the several Counties and Stewartries in Scotland shall appoint, at the Quarter Sessions to be kept in August and February, the ordinary Hyre and Wages of Labourers, Workmen, and Servants, and who shall refuse to serve upon the Price set down by them, shall be imprisoned and further punished at their Discretion; and to the Efteft Servants may be the more willing to obey the Ordinances to be made by the said Justices for the said Fees, the said Justices shall have Power to decern and compel the Master to make Payment of the Fees appointed by their Ordinance, in case the Servants please rather to file for the same before them than before the Judge Ordinary And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Powers given to the Justices of the Peace by the two Acts of the Scottish Parliament* above recited extend to Colliers be it enacted and declared, That the said two Acts of the Scottish Parliament, vide-licet, the aforesaid Act of the twenty-second Parliament of King James the Sixth, (twenty-eighth of June one thousand six hundred and seventeen,) Chapter the Eighth, and the aforesaid Act of the first Parliament of King Charles the Second, (January the first, one thousand six hundred and sixty-one,) Chapter the Thirty-eighth, irr so far as the lame relate to the fixing and appointing of the ordinary Hire and Wages of Labourers, Workmen, and Servants, do extend to and include Colliers, Coal Hewers, Coal Bearers, and xU other Persons of every Description employed at Collieries, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and such and the like Powers and Authorities, Rights, Remedies, and Privileges conferred by these Statutes, felative to the fixing, and appointing of the ordinary Hire and Wages of Labourers, Workmen, and Servants, are hereby given, conferred, and granted, and declared to extend and apply to Colliers, Coal Hewers, Coal Bearers, and all other Persons of every <Description employed at Collieries, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Powers and Authorities shall only be exercised upon the Application of the Party or Parties aggrieved.

and allCdlier* In Scotland, bound at the Time of patting thereof, to be free from Servitude, as if they had obtained m Decree for that Purpose under that Act.

Cap. ft. of the act Scots Parliament of Jac. 6. and Cap. 38. of the xfl of Car. a. so far as they relate to fixing of Wages of Labourers, to extend to Persons employed in the Collieries in Scotland.’

Powers only to be exercised upon Application of the Party aggrieved.

120

Two Justices Bruy v.xctclfc such Powers.

No Action'^o be competent lor Mor.ey advanced, by or on Behalf of C03I Owners or Lessees, to Colliers, except for Sup. port of their Families in case of Sickness.

Coal Owners or Lessee* may detain i-12th Tart of the Sum Advanced Weekly till Money advanced be paid, and may have an Action for the

Debts due by Colliers at pairing this Act not extinguished, but may be assigned with Consent of the Debtors. Vouchers of Debts to be recorded in the Sheriff Court Books, or held null.

Seducers of Colliers from Great Britain to be punished as Seducers of Manufacturers. No Coal Mart it or Lessee to act as a Justice under this Act. Laws against Combinations to extend to Colliers, &c.

C. 56, 57, 58. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

IV. And be it enacted, That any two or more Justices may and shall exercise, upon the like Application so to be made to them, all the Powers and Authorities, which are given by the aforesaid Statutes to the said Justices at their Quarter Sessions, in such Manner as is therein provided.

V. And whereas there is a general Practice among the Coal Owners and Lettees of Coal, of advancing considerable Sums to their Colliers, or for their Behoof, much beyond what the Colliers are able to repay j 4 which Sums are advanced for the Purpose of tempting them to enter into or continue their Engagements,

notwithstanding the Sums so advanced are kept up as Debts against the Colliers ;* be it therefore further enacted, That no Diligence or Action shall be competent for any Sum or Sums of Money hereafter to be lent or advanced to Colliers, or other Persons employed at the Collieries as aforesaid, by the Coal Owner or Lessee of any Colliery, or by any other Person or Persons on their Behalf, or for any Debts due by Colliers or other Persons as aforesaid, which shall be acquired by the said Coal Owners or Lettees, or by others on their Account, either previous to their Engagement, or during the Currency thereof, and in view of the same; excepting always such Sum or Sums as shall be advanced to any Collier, or other Persons employed at Collieries as aforesaid, during the Currency of his or her Service, for the Support of his or her Family, in case of Sickness.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to the Coal Owner or Lessee who shall lend or advance such Sum or Sums of iVloney to retain from the Wages of the Colliers or others aforesaid, to whom the same shall be so lent or advanced, one twelfth Part of the said Sum or Sums Weekly, till the principal Sum or Sums, without Interest, so advanced, be paid up; but declaring, that if the Engagement of such Collier shall expire before the principal Sum or Sums so advanced be fully paid up, the Coal Owner or Lessee who advanced the same shall have A diion for the Balance, in the same Manner as if this Act had not passed.

Balance.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That such Debts as were due by Colliers to their Matters at or before the passing of this Act, shall not be hereby extinguished; and declaring also, that Debts due by Colliers or other Persons as aforesaid, at or before the passing of this Act, to the Coal Owners or Lettees, may be lawfully assigned or transferred to other Coal Owners or Lettees with whom they may afterwards engage, with the Consent of the Debtors themselves; and if assigned with their Consent, then the Debts so assigned shall be as valid and ett'edlual to the other Coal Owners or Lettees, as if this Act had never passed: Provided always, That the Vouchers of all Debts due by Colliers to Coal Owners and Lettees of Coal before the passing of this Act, ora Lift of the same, signed by the said Coal Owners and Lettees, shall be recorded in the Sheriff Court Books, within three Months after the patting hereof, for which a Fee of one Shilling shall be paid, and no more; and that all Debts, the Vouchers of which are not so recorded, shall be held to be null and void, and not recoverable in any Court of Law.

VIII. And whereas there have of late been many Attempts to seduce Colliers out of Scotland into Foreign Countries/ be it therefore further enacted, That all Persons (educing, or attempting to seduce. Colliers or others aforesaid, from the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall be punished in the same Manner as Persons seducing, or attempting to (educe, Manufacturers or other Artisans are punishable by Law.

---

[No Coal Master or Lessee to act as a Justice under this Act.]

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That no Coal Matter or Lessee of Coal shall act as a Justice of Peace under this Act.

[Laws against Combinations to extend to Colliers, &c.]

X. And be it further enacted, That the Laws now in Force against unlawful Combinations of whatever Kind, shall extend to and include Colliers, Coal Bearers, and other Persons employed at Coal Works as aforesaid; and that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter or repeal any Part of the Acts of the Parliament of Scotland relative to Colliers, unless in so far as is expressly done by this Act, or by the said Act of the fifteenth Year of his present Majesty.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms.

[13th June 1799.]

CAP. LVIII.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Sir James Marriott Knight, late Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, in Consideration of his diligent and faithful Services in the Execution of that Office.

[13th June 1799.]

"A Life Annuity of 2000l. granted to Sir James Marriott, to commence from October 15, 1798, and to be paid Quarterly. §1. Annuity to be paid at the Exchequer without Fee. §2. and not to be subject to any Tax. §3."

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 59. 121

CAP. LIX.

An Act for permitting certain Goods, imported from the East Indies, to be warehoused; and for repealing the Duties now payable thereon and granting other Duties in Lieu thereof.

[13th June 1799.]

'WHEREAS it is expedient, in order to secure to this Country the Benefit of an extended Trade in Goods, the Produce and Manufacture of the East Indies, that certain Goods imported from thence should be permitted to be warehoused, and that the Duties on tho same should be repealed, and other Duties should be granted in lieu thereof:' Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[From

That, from and after the thirty-first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, it shall and mey be lawful for the United Company of Merchants of jnd^coinpLy England trading to the East Indies, on the legal Importation into this Kingdom of any Goods, Wares, or may warthouse Merchandize, (except as herein after is provided.) to enter, and land and lodge any such Goods, Wares, imported Goods and Merchandize, in Warehouses, under the Securities, Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions directed and °» Payment of required by this Act, on Payment, in the Manner herein after directed, of the following new and additional pjtics Duties of Customs, and without Payment of any other Duty whatever, save and except the Duties of by this Act, and Customs imposed by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better Pro- without Pay-teflion of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported ment of any and extorted, and on the Tonnage of certain Ships entering Outwards or Inwards to or from Foreign Parts, until the signing of the Preliminary Articles of Peace; videlicet, Convoy Ad; 38UGco' 3! c. 76.

For everyone hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Mullins plain, Nanquin Cloths, Muslins Additional r White Callicoes flowered or ditched, imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading Dutic8* to the East Indies, the Sum of seven Pounds and ten Shillings:

For every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all plain White Callicoe, plain White Dimity, and of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, prohibited to be worn or used in this Kingdom, imported by the said United Company, the Sum of two Pounds and ten Shillings:

And Tor every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported by the said United Company, (except Bullion, Diamonds, and other precious Stones, i ea*

Cotton Wool, Nutmegs, Mace, Cloves, and Cinnamon,) the Sum of two Pounds:

Which Value shall be ascertained according to the Gross Price at which such Goods respectively shall have been sold at the Sales of the said United Company, without any Deduction or Abatement whatever; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Value than one hundred Pounds.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said United Company to secure Additional

by Bond, in the usual and accustomed Manner, the new and additional Duties of Customs imposed by Danes maybe this Act; which Bond shall be given to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in a Penalty equal to

Double the Amount thereof, with Condition for the Payment of the said Duties, within four Months after the Expiration of each and every publick Sale of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, by the said United Company.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That before any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, Goods shillbe shall be so lodged or secured in Warehouses, the same shall be duly entered with the proper Officer or duly entered Officers of the Customs, and regularly landed, after which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall and ?anndedgu and may be lodged or secured in such Warehouses as are now provided by the said United Company, or which may then be may hereafter be provided by them, such Warehouses to be firit approved by the Commissioners of his lodged in Ware- Majesty's Customs in England for the time being, or any four or more of them; but before any such Goods, housesappiovcd Wares, or Merchandize, or any Part thereof, shall be so lodged or secured in such Warehouses, or as soon ^ontr^of after as conveniently may be, the lame shall be examined by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs,

who shall take a particular and correct Account of the Quantity, Quality, Species, Number, and Contents whose officers thereof, which Account shall be regularly entered in a Book or Books to be provided and kept for that are to take an Purpose, and in such Manner as they the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time think proper to Account of the <)iretf. '., Coodi‘

IV. And it is hereby further enmfted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Purchaser or Purchasers, Purchas.rsor or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, lo lodged or secured in Warehouses by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, and which have been publicity sold by the said Company, to export the Company, the lame directly from the Wi-rchouse or Warehouses in which the same have been respectively lodged or may export kcured, without Payment of any further Duty or Duties of Customs or Excise whatever, save and them dirc&Jy except the Duty or Duties of Customs imposed by the said recited Act passed in the Just Sdlion of j*'omthe wjare-Parliament; provided that the Exporter or Exporters, or Proprietor or Proprietors, of any such Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize, shall, before the Delivery thereof for Exportation, make a due Entry with the Duty imposed proper Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs, and shall, together with the Mailer or other Person by 38 Geo. 3. hiving or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which such Goods, Wares, or c. 76. and Merchandize, are intended to be exported, an J one sufficient Surety, (to be approved by the Collector and inro

Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Exportation,) enter into Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Succdlots, in Treble live Value thereof, with Condition that the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, so in- rchnded intended 10 be exported, shall be landed at the respective Ports or Places fer which the lame shall have been Great Biiuin, entered, and that i>o Part of the same shall be relanded in Great Britain, or landed in the islands of Guernfy, &c.

Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or the Islands of Faro or Ferre.

122 C. 59. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Such Goods landed in Guernsey, &c. may be ferized.

rurcliflfers or Proprietors of Goo^is so warehoused sold at publick Sales of the Company, for Home Consumption, fin 11 make Entry, and pay down certain Unties,

No Drawback to be allowed on Exportation of Goods sold by the Company after Aut;uft 1799,except on certain Muslins, Nanquins, Calicoes, &c.

Act not to

repeal the prefect Drawbacks n Tea and

Spices.

No Drawback co be allowed on viiel.oukd

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which shall have been

shipped for Exportation, according to the Regulations of this Act, shall afterwards be landed in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or the Islands of Faro or Ferro, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Purchaser or Purchasers, or Proprietor or Proprietors, of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imported by the said United Company, and lodged or secured in Warehouses according to the Directions of this Act, which shall have been sold at the publick Sales of the said Company, afrer the said thirty-first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, such Goods not being prohibited to be worn or used in this Kingdom, shall intend to take any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, from any such Warehouse, for the Purpose of being used or consumed in this Kingdom, such Purchaser or Purchasers, or Proprietor or Proprietors, shall, before the same shall be so delivered from any such Warehouse, make a due Entry of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, with the proper Officers of his Majesty's Customs, and pay down in ready Money, without any Discount or Abatement, to the Collector or other proper Officer of the Customs, the several and respective Duties of Customs herein after mentioned; (that is to say,) on all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, so intended to be taken out of any such Warehouse as aforesaid, not being prohibited to be used or consumed in this Kingdom, and which are particularly enumerated or described in the Table hereunto annexed, marked A. the several Duties cl Customs, as the same are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in Figures in the said "Fable marked A., and which Duties, so paid, shall be. instead and in lieu of the several Duties of Customs due and payable on and immediately before the thirty-firtt Day of Shignjl one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, on any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize imported by the said United Company, save and except the Duties of Customs payable by virtue of the said recited Act passed in the last Session of Parliament; and on all Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, so intended to be taken out of any such Warehouse as aforesaid, not being prohibited to be used or consumed in this Kingdom, and which are not particularly enumerated or ddcished in the said Table marked A., the several and respective Duties of Customs due and payable on the Importation of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, by the said United Company, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the said thirty-first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Drawback of any Duty of Customs whatsoever shall be paid or allowed on the Exportation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imported into this Kingdom by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, which shall have been sold at the Sales of the said United Company after the thirty-hrit Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, except Mullins plain, Nanquin Cloth, Mullins or White Callicoes flowered or (Pitched, plain White Callicoes and Dimities, which shall have been printed, stained, painted, or dyed in this Kingdom, and on the due Exportation from this Kingdom of any such Goods so printed, (Pained, painted, or dyed, on which the full Duties, as the same are inserted, described, and let forth in the Table hereunto annexed, marked A.» have been paid, there shall be paid or allowed to the Exporter or Exporters thereoft the several Drawbacks of the said Duties, as the same are respectively inserted, described, and set forth it: the said Fable marked A.; Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall in any wise alter or repeal the Drawbacks now payable on the Exportation from this Kingdom, of Tea, Nutmegs, Mace, Cloves, and Cinnamon: Provided allb* That no Drawback shall be paid or allowed on any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, so taken out of any* Warehouse as aforesaid, and on which the full Duties have been paid, unless such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be actually shipped on board the Ship or Vessel in which the same are intended to be exported, within the Space of one Year from the "lime of the Payment of such full Duty.

Goods not shipped within a Year from Payment of Duty.

before Goods

VIII. And be it further enacted, That before any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be delivered out art t ken out of or taken from any Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall have been lodged or secured by

icr Lx porta- virtue or in pursuance of this Act for the Purpose of Exportation, each and every Package thereof shall be

p-icka-e shall marked in such distinguishing Manner as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England^ or any

be marked a* four or more of them, shall from Time to Time direct.

the Commissioners of Custoras shall direct.

Officers of the Customs shall kttp 3n Account of all Goods imported. Regulations l*ffj>e fling Payment of,) Juries there on, &c.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs shall keep a regular and correct Account of all Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imported by the said United Company, distingusthing the Cargoes respectively imported in each particular Ship or Vessel; and within the Space of three Years, from the Day on which the Captain or Commander of each and every such Ship or Vessel shall, in the usual and accustomed Manner, have made his Repeat at the Custom House, the said United Company shall pay, or cause to be paid, to the proper Officer of the Customs, all and every Sum or Sums of Money due and payable on Account of the Cargoes respectively imported in such Ship or Vessel, according to the Account taken at the iirft Examination thereof; and in case any Part of the Cargo of any Ship or Vessel shall then remain unexported, and without the full Duties having been paid thereon, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the ime being, or any four or more of them, to icmiirc the said United Company to cause such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, to be (old, in case they (hffil not have been sold (unless Leave shall have been previously obtained from the Lotds Commissioners of his Majeity’s Treasury to grant a further Time previous to such Re-falc being so ordered, which they are hereby authorised to do, upon satisfactory Evidence of the Necessity of the Case being hid hefor® rhem) *, and in case fiey shall have been sold, then to be resold, either for Exportation, if such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, are prohibited to be worn or used in this Kingdom, or £or Exportation or Home Consumption,

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 59. 123

if not so prohibited in the Manner herein after directed; and after such Sale or Re-sale, the Produce thereof shall first be applied to or towards the Payment of the Freight, Primage, and Charges of Warehouse Room, and other Charges that shall arise thereon, next the Customs and Duties, and the Overplus to be paid to the Proprietors or other Persons authorised to receive the same; and if from the Account to be kept as aforesaid, it shall appear that the Quantity, Number, or Contents, of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, is or are less than the Quantity, Number, or Contents, taken by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, according to the Directions of this Act, at the first Examination of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or that the Whole thereof has not been duly exported, or the full Duties paid thereon, or any Part thereof remaining to be disposed of as before directed, the said United Company shall, within thirty Days, pay or cause to be paid, the full Duties on such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, so remaining unexported, or on which the full Duties have not been paid; and in all Cases when the said Commissioners of the Customs shall so require the Sale of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the same shall be put up for Sale by the said United Company at their then next ensuing Sale, and such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be then sold by the said United Company for the highest Price that shall be then publickly offered for the same.

X. Provided always, That in case any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so lodged or secured in any

Warehouse or Warehouses as aforesaid, shall be liable to Duties according to the Value thereof, and there shall be a Deficiency of the Whole or any Part of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, on comparing them with the Quantity, Number, or Contents taken by the proper Officers of the Customs, according to the Directions of this Act, at the first Examination of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, such Values, in order to ascertain the Duties thereon, shall be taken according to the highest Gross Price at which Goods of the like Sorts, Denominations, or Descriptions, shall have been sold at the last Sale of the said United Company, in which Goods of such Sorts, Denominations, or Descriptions were sold.

afccnaining the Duties to be taken at the highest Price at the last Sale.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Goods, Warcs, or Merchandize imported into this Kingdom by the said United Company, (except Tea, Cotton Wool, Nutmegs, Mace, Cloves, and Cinnamon, and Bullion, Diamonds, and other precious Stones,) shall, on the said thirty-first Day of Avgvji One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, remain in any Warehouse belonging to the said United Company unfold, all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shall be subject and liable to the new and additional Duties of Customs by this Act imposed, for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof, according to the Gross Price at which such Goods shall be sold at the publick Sales of the said United Company, and which Duties shall be payable by the said United Company in the Manner directed by this Act; and such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall not be delivered from the Warehouse in which they have been lodged or secured, for the Purpose of Exportation, but on the Securities, and under the Rules,

Regulations, and Restrictions required by this Act; nor shall any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, be delivered from any such Warehouse for any other Purpose, but on Payment of the full Duties due and payable thereon, in like Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as if such Goods,

Wares, and Merchandize, had been imported into this Kingdom by the said United Company after the said thirty-first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; any Bond or Security, Law,

Custom, or^Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

In case of a

Deficiency of warehoused Goods, compared with the Account of the Officers oftlic Customs, the Values for ascertaining it the last S

Goods, (except Tea, Cotton Wool, Spice, Euii.on, and Jewels) remaining unfold in Ware! oufes onAuguft3t, 1799, shall be liable to the additional Duties, and shall not be delivered for Export, tion but according to the Regulations of tins Ad, nor for ary other

Purpose, but under the same Rules as if imported fines that Day.

XII. Provided always, That if the said United Company shall, before the said thirty-first Day of August The Duties paid one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, have paid to the proper Officer of his Majesty's Customs the Whole or any Part of the Duties which may have become due and payable on any such Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize, so remaining unfold in any of the Warehouses belonging to the f;tid United Company, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England, or any four or more of them, to direct such Duties so paid by the said United Company, to be repaid in such Manner as they the said Commissioners shall think fit to direct.

before AugUt 31, 179Q, on warehous'd Goods unfold,' may be it;, aid by the Commissioners of Customs.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which shall have been warehoused or otherwise secured according to the Directions of this Act, and on which the full Duties shall not have been paid, shall, after having been delivered for Exportation from the Warehouse for the Purpose of being shipped on board any particular Ship or Vessel, not be regularly shipped onboard such Ship or Vessel, or having been put into any Bark, Hoy, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or Wherry, in order to be shipped on board such Ship or Vessel, shall not be regularly shipped on board the same, or shall be relanded ftom any such Bark, Hoy, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or Wherry, or having been shipped on board the Bhip or Vessel in which the same are intended to be exported, shall be unshipped or re-landed therefrom, except by Necessity or Distress, to be proved to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of the Customs in England, such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs; and the Ship or Vessel from or out of which any such Goods shall be fraudulently unshipped, and also the Ship, Vessel, Lighter, or Boat into which any such Goods shall be received or taken, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs.

XIV. And whereas the Laws now in Force, made to prevent the fraudulent unftiipping or relanding of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shipped for Exportation to p'orcign Parts, have not been found luffi- cient to answer the good Purposes thereby intended, and it is expedient, in order to prevent such illicit Practice in future, that where any Goods, Wares,- or Merchandize, which have been shipped for Exportation

If Goods ck live i ed for Exportation, on which the lull Duties luve not been paid, shall not be regularly 111 ip pc d, or shall be rdundtd, they shall be fat tened with the Veil'd.

Wherever Goods are liable' fa Forieiuire lor being in-shipped, the Veil;is liciii

124 c. 59.

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

which they are unshipped shall also bt kabie.

No warehoused Goods shall be exported to any Pait of Ed rope, in VessUs of ids than ico Tons

to Foreign Parts, are by the Laws now in Force, or by this prefect Act, made liable to Forfeiture for being unshipped at Sea, or landed in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or the Islands of Far$ or Ferro, or relanded in this Kingdom, that the Ship or Vellet out of or from which any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be so unshipped, landed, or reianded, should also be subject 4 and liable to Forfeiture :* He it therefore enacted, That where by this present Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on or immediately before the thirty-fir It Day of Align ft one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize which have been shipped in order to be exported to Foreign Parts, are or shall be liable to Forfeiture for or on Account of the same being unshipped at Sea, or landed in the Islands of Guernsey, ** Alderney, Sark, or Man, or the Islands of Faro ox

Ferro, or relanded in this Kingdom, then, and in such cases, the Ship or Veiled out of or from which any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be so unshipped, landed, or relainled, shall be subject and liable to Forfeiture, together with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever, which shall have been lodged or secured in Wanjhouses according to the Regulations of this Act, shall afterwards be exported, or entered for Exportation, to any Part of Europe from any such Warehouse or Warehouses, in any Ship or Vessel whatever which shall not "be of the Burthen of one hundred Tons or upwards.

Burthen;

r.or shall any

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no wrought Silks, Bengals, or Stuffs mixed with Silk or Herba* ft»zcd wrought of the Manufacture of*Perfw, China, or Ecjl India, nor any Callicoes printed, dyed, painted, or (tamed there. Silks, Calikocs, which shall have been or shall be seized under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the r id after bTnRf Revenue of Customs, shall, after Sale thereof at any Custom House in Great Britain, be exported, or entered tom Housein " Exportation to any Part of Europe, in any Ship or Vessel which shall not be of the Burthen of one hun-Creat Britain, dred 'Fons or upwards, be exported in ftnaller Vessels.

Seized Goods shall be exported from the Port of London only.

IVize Goods shall be subject to the like Duties, and entitled to the like Drawbacks, as Goods imported by the Company are by this Act} and also Goods imported by virtue of any Act in Feici on

Aug. 31, 1799.

Act shall not alter Duties payable to the City of London,

nor 3$ Geo. c. 76.}

XVII. Provided always, That when any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which have been or shall be so seized, shall be intended for Exportation, and the same shall be in any Port of Great Britain, other than the Port of London, it shall not be lawful to export such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize from any such Port* but that the same shall be removed, according to the Laws and Regulations now in Force to the Port of London, and shall be exported from the said Port of London nly.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of China or the East Indies, taken and condemned as Prize, shall be subject to such Duties, and entitled to such Drawbacks, as the like Sorts of Goods are respectively subject and entitled to by this Act when imported by the said United Company, and shall be subject and liable also to all and every the additional Regulations and Restrictions enjoined and required by this Act;, and that all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of India or China, or other Parts within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the said United Company, imported or brought into this Kingdom by virtue or under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on and immediately before the said thirty-first Day of Au^uft one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall be subject to such Duties, and entitled to such Drawbacks, as the like Sorts of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, are subject and entitled to by this Act when imported by the said United Company, and shall be also subject and liable to all and every the additional Regulations and Restrictions enjoined and required by this Act.

XIX. Provided likewise, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or in any wise alter the Duties of Package, Scavage, Rallirge, or Portage, or any other Duties-payable to the Mayer and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or to the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, or to any other City or Town Corporate within the' Kingdom of Great Britain, or tc* any special Privilege or Exemption to which any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, is or are now entitled by Law, but the same shall be continued as aforesaid.

XX. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained Hull extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, or ix> any wile vary or alter the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament during the Continuance thereof.

ror to allow

XXI. Provided likewise, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

Importation permit or allow any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever to be imported into, or exported from Great ii.tu, or Export- Britain, in any Way or Manner contrary to any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on and immediately before the said thirty-fir li: Day of Aaguftone thousnd seven hundred and ninety-nine, except in any Caus olxlul* w^ere Provision is expressly made for that Purpose in this Act.

iomrary to Acts in Force on Au&uA 31, 1799.

D tic', to f't:

It inter tht Mr-noj the Commissioners i ! C uitonis, and to br paid int® the Exchequer.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties of Customs by this Act imposed shall be under the Manag rment of the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the Time being*, and that all the Monies a riling from Time to Time by the several Duties by this Actimposed (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same reflectively excepted) (h*ll from Time to lime be paid into the Receipt of of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and the said Money, so paid in as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

C. 59. 125

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Commimoners Majesty's Customs, and they are hereby authorised and required, to make such Allowance to the Persons ^[an^01^ who are at present employed in the Service of the Customs, whose Incomes shall be reduced by the Operation sale ti,t;r offi-of this Act, in l:eu of and by way of Compensation and Satisfaction for the same, as they in their Discretion cers sffcded by shall judge necessary, and so order or diredf; any Thing in this present Act, or any other Act or Acts con- this Act\. tained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Duties and Drawbacks of Customs hereby imposed and Duties and

allowed, shall and may be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, reco- Drawbacks to vered, and allowed in such and the like Manner, and in and by any' and either of the Ways, Means, and manned at Methods, so far as the same are applicable to this Act, by which any of the Duties or Drawbacks of Cuf- and Drawbacks toms on Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imposed and payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in &c.

Force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised*

levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, recovered, and allowed; and the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so by this Act made chargeable with the said Duties of Customs, and on which the Drawbacks are allowed, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable to nil and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to which any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, upon which any Duties or Drawbacks of Customs are imposed or payable, were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Forceonand immediately before the passing of this Act; and all and every Pain*

Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation and Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses* Powers, and Dr-redtions, therein contained, shall, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution, for and in respect of the Duties or Drawbacks of Customs hereby charged and allowed, as far as the same are applicable thereto, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Pains*

Penalties, and Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties incurred by this Act shall and may be sued for, prose- Penalties under cated, recovered, and disposed of in such Manner, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, asany Penal- may

ties incurred for any Offence against the Laws of Customs may now legally be sued for, prosecuted, reco- dif ©if a* vered, and disposed of; and the Officer or Officers concerned in Prosecutions under this Act, shall be en- rhofe'unde/ titled to and receive such Share of the Produce arising from any pecuniary Fine or Penalty, or Composition former Acts* paid for any Offence against this Act, as they are now by any Law or Regulation entitled to upon Prosecutions for pecuniary Penalties.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Limitation of Person or Persons for any Thing done or performed in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be Actions. commenced within three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be

laid in the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and may give this Act and the special General Issue* Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants hath or have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment Call be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, Cofl*.

and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in any other Cases to recover Costs by Law. ma f a,

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Part thereof, may be altered* teredo?repealed

varied, or repealed, by aay Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament*. thu Sctfion*

TABLE A.

Arrangoes.—For every f. 100* of the true and real Value thereof, according to the Giols Price at which such Goods shall have been sold at the publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Ec/Jt Indies, and in that Proportion for any greater or less Value -

Callicoes.—/-7s.

- Plain White Callicoes, the Piece -

For such of the said Goods which shall be exported from this Kingdom, having been printed, framed, painted, or dyed, therein, the Piece ——

N.B. No Piece of Callico of the Breadth of one Yard and one Quarter, or under, shall exceed in Length ten Yards, and no Pitce of Callico above that Breadth shall exceed fix Yards;, and if any Piece of Callico shall exceed those Lengths, the same shall be charged according to the respective Lengths of ten Yards and fix Yards for each Piece, and shall pay Duty for the same in that Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Duty. Drawback

£ s. d. £ 1 5.

53 9 >!

- 6 1 8

6

Callicoes.

126

C. 59. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Call I cobs. And besides for every £. 100 of the true and real Value thereof, according to the Gross Price at which such Goods shall have been sold at the publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and in that Proportion for any greater or less Value -

- The Drawback of the'last mentioned further Duty of j£. 20 19 1

to be allowed on the Exportation of such of those Goods which shall have been printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in this Kingdom, shall be, for every £. 100 of the true and real Value thereof, according to the Gross Price at which such Goods shall have been sold at the publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and in that Proportion for any greater or less Value -

China Ware.—For every £.100 of the true and real Value thereof, according to the Grols Price at which such Goods shall have been sold at the publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and in that Proportion for any greater or less Value -

Cotton Manufactures, not otherwise particularly enumerated or described.—For every £. 100. of the true and real Vakie thereof, according to the Gross Price at which such Goods shall have been sold at the publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and in that Proportion for any greater or less Value -

Cowries.— For every £. 100 of the true and real Value thereof, according to the Grols Price at which such Goods shall have been sold at the publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and in that Proportion for any greater or less Value -

Dimity.—Fix.

- Plain White Dimity, the Yard -

For such of the said Goods which shall be exported from this Kingdom, having been printed, stained, painted, or dyed, therein, the Yard -

- And besides for every £. 100of the true and real Value thereof,

according to the Gross Price at which such Goods shall have been sold at the publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and in that Proportion for any greater or less Value -

- The Drawback of the last mentioned further Duty of £.223 6

to be allowed on the Exportation of such of those Goods which shall have been printed, stained, painted, and dyed, in this Kingdom, shall be for every £. 100 of the true and real Value thereof, according to the Gross Price at which such Goods shall have been sold at the publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and in that Proportion Tor any greater or less Value -

Drugs, mantifactured, not otherwise particularly enumerated or described.

—For every £. 100 of the true and real Value thereof, according to the Gross Price at which such Goods shall have been sold at the publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and in that Proportion for any greater or Ids Value -

Drugs, unmanufactured, not otherwise particularly enumerated or described.—For every £. 100 of the true and real Value thereof, according to the Gross i rice at which such Goods shall have been sold at the publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and in that Proportion for any greater or less Value -

Japanned or Lacquered Wares —For every £. 100 of the true and real Value thereof, according to the Gross Price at which such Good* shall shahave been sold at the publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and in that Proportion for any greater or less Value -

Muslins plain, Nanquin Cloth, Mullins or White Callicoes flowered or Hitched.—For every £% 100 of the true and real Value thereof, according

Duty.

20

I09

122

53

22

i9

Drawback.

20

19

78

51

119

11

10

10

20

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 59, 60,61.

to the Gross Price at which such Goods shall have been sold at the publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading the East Indies, and in that Proportion for any greater or kfs Value -

Muslins.—For every /\ 100 of the true and real Value of such of the said Goods which shall be exported from this Kingdom, having been printed, stained, painted, or dyed therein -

Sugar.—For every £. 100 of the true and real Value thereof, according to 63. the Gross Price at which such Goods shall have been sold at the §a.) publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and in that Proportion for any greater or less Value -

- And besides for every one Hundred Weight, containing 112 lb.

Manufactured Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, not otherwise enumerated or described, not bejpg exempt from Duty, and not being particularly charged with Duty when imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.— For every £. 100 of the true and real Value thereof, according to the Gross Price at which such Goods shall have been sold at the publick Sales of the said Company, and in that Proportion for any greater or less Value —* -

Duty. Drawback.

£* t. d. £ i.

*9 *3 9

12 9

37 16 3

2 6

7* 4 4

Unmanufactured Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, (except Tea,) not otherwise enumerated or described, not being exempt from Duty, and not being particularly charged with Duty when imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, - For every £100 of the true and real Value thereof, according to the Gross Price at which such Goods shall have been sold at the publick Sales of the said Company, and in that Proportion for any greater or less Value - 45 - 1 - 8

---

CAP. LX.

An Act for raising the Sum of fifteen millions five hundred thousand Pounds by Way of Annuities.

[21st June 1799.]

---

Every Contributor of 100l. to be entitled to a Principal of 100l. and 2 5 /. in the 3per Cent. Consols, and 44 a Principal of 50l. in the 3 per Cent. Reduced. The Consols to commence from July 5, and the Reduced 4* from April 5, 1799. §1. Contributors who have made Depots to pay the Remainder of Subscriptions u by Instalments. §2. Contributors possessed of Exchequer Bills issued under 38 Geo. III. Cap. 90. may 14 pay the same in Part of Subscription, beyond the Amount of the Instalment due. §3. Discount of u l per Cent. to Dec. 20th to be allowed on Payment of the Whole of the Subscriptions in advance before Nov. 21. §5. Contributors entitled to certain Annuities, which shall be paid Half-yearly, but not till Subscriptions are completed. §6. Contributors paying the Whole of their Subscriptions as herein spe-u dried, to be entitled to Annuities at certain Periods. §8. Cashier’s Receipts for Subscriptions, may be aligned before Nov. 21, 1799. § lr* The Treasury may, before Dec. 20, 1799, raile three Millions by Exchequer Bills on Credit of Loan, to be made out agreeably to the Malt Act, c. 2. of this Session.- Such Bills to be signed by the Auditor, &c. §24. Certain Powers of 39 Geo. III. Cap. 2. relating to Exchequer Bills extended to those made under this Act. §25. Exchequer Bills to bear an Interest not R exceeding 3Id. per Cent, per Diem, and three Months after Date to be received in Payment of Taxes, or any Instalment of the Loan. §26. The Bank to compute the Interest on receiving Exchequer Bills In h Payment of Instalments, and allow the same with the Principal. §27. Exchequer Bills not to be received. 44 by any Receiver of the Revenue, till in Course of Payment. §28."

127

---

CAP. LXI.

An Act to repeal the Duty granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament on Raw Linen Yarn, the Produce of the Territories of the King of Prussia, and imported directly from thence into this Kingdom; and for charging another Duty in lieu thereof.

[21st June 1799.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament,

---

[

intituled, An Act for the better Protection of the Prude of thit Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Cujlvns on Goods c. 7l. ra:'uk* 4 imported and exported, and cn the Tonnage of certain Ships entering Outwards or Inwards, to or from Foreign (Yam). 'Parts, until the signing the Preliminary Articles of Peace; amongst other Things, a Duty of three Shillings the hundred Pounds is impoied on the Importation of Raw Linen Yarn: And whereas it is

From May 20, 1799, the Duty impot'c (l by the recited Act on Raw Linen Yarn imported from t'russia, repealed j

and instead thereof there shall be levied 3l. for every aool. of the Value of the Raw Linen Yarn imported.

The Value to be ascertained by the Regulations, and the Goods to be subject to Che Conditions prescribed by the recited Act, &c.

37 GEO. 3.C. 103. 38 Geo. 3.

CC. 12, 44.

370*0.3 c. 103.

His Majesty’s Lieutenant, with two or more Deputy Lieutenants, &c. shall meet on Au? i, 1799, a no diicd Lists to be made out of Men from 19 to 30 (indead of 23) Years of Age, and their Names to be put into a box in which the Names of the Person* at pre-

128 C. 61, 62. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

expedient to repeal the said Duty on Raw Linen Yarn, known by the Names of Ermland Yarn, Lithuania Yarn, and Tow Yarn, being the Production of any of the Territories or Dominions of his Majesty the King of Prussia, and imported into this Kingdom directly from any Part of the said Territories or Domi- nions; and to impose in lieu thereof a Duty of three Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of such Raw Linen Yarn so imported:* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twentieth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the Duty imposed by the said recited Act on Raw Linen Yarn, known by the Names of Ermland Yarn, Lithuania Yarn, and Tow Yarn, being the Production of any of the Territories or Dominions of his Majesty the King of Prussia, and imported into this Kingdom directly from any Part of the said Territories or Dominions, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed (favev and except in all Cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any Time before the passing of this Act).

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said twentieth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, in lieu and in (lead of the said Duty hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in*eady Money, without any Discount whatever, upon the Importation of such Raw Linen Yarn, being the Production of any of the Territories or Dominions of his Majesty the King of Prussia, and imported into this Kingdom directly from any Part of the said Territories or Dominions, a Duty of Customs of three Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of such Raw Linen so imported.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Value of such Raw Linen Yarn so imported, shall be ascertained by such Rules and Regulations, and the Goods shall be subject and liable to such and the like Conditions, Restrictions, Forfeitures, and Penalties, as are prescribed, directed, and imposed, by the said recited Act in the Case of Goods imported into this Kingdom from Europe, and thereby subject to Duty according to the Value thereof; and that the Duties by this Act imposed shall be managed, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, recovered, appropriated, and applied, in such and the like Manner, and in and by the like Ways, Means, or Methods, as the Duties of Customs imposed on Goods imported into this Kingdom from Europe, and which are subject to Duty according to the Value thereof, are by the said recited Act managed, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, recovered, appropriated, and applied.

---

[Continuance of the Act.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall have Continuance during such Time as the said recited Act shall remain in Force, and no longer.

CAP. LXII.

An Act to amend an Act made in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and two Acts made in the last Session of Parliament, for raising a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland.

[21st June 1799.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

---

[

intituled, An Act to raise and embody a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, his Majesty's Lieutenant for each County, Stewartry, City, or Place, within Scotland,

was authorised, in Manner therein directed, to cause fair and true Lists to be made out in Writing of all the Men usually and at that Time dwelling within their respective ParHhcs and Places, between the Ages of nineteen and twenty-three inclusive; from which Lists amended and returned as by the aforesaid Act directed, the several Regiments of Militia now serving in Scotland have since been ballotted and embodied: And whereas the original Lists are in several Places exhausted, and in others reduced to so (mail a Number as to bear hard upon such Parishes and Places; and it is expedient and just that such Persons as hare ftnee at- tained their nineteenth Year should have their Names included in the Lists of Persons liable to serve in the Mditia; and it has been found from Experience that the aforesaid Period is too limited: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That his Majesty's Lieutenant for each County, Stewartry, City, or Place, together With any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, and on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of his Majesty^ Lieutenant, the Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, shall, on the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, meet at the same Borough or principal Town of the County, Stewartry, or Place, where they hitherto have usually met for the Purposes of the Militia Acts, and shall in like Manner and Form, as directed by the aforesaid Act, proceed to idue Directions for making out fair and true Lists in Writing of all the Alen usually and at that Time dwelling within their respective Parishes and Places, from and after the Age of nineteen Years complete, and not exceeding the Age of thirty Years complete; and such Lists, being afterwards amended as the Case may require, and in the same Mode, and under the same Regulations as is by the aforesaid Act prescribed, the said Lieutenant, or failing of him, any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, together with any one or more Justices of the Peace lawfully assembled in a General Meeting to be held lor that Purpose, shall declare the said List so made up and amended to be the List of Persons liable to serve in the Militia, and shall cause the Names of all the Militia Men in each Parish, written or printed on distinct Pieces of Paper, being all as near as may be of equal Size, and rolled up in the same Manner, to be put into tae Box or other

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 62.

Vessel, in which the Names of all* Persons at present liable to serve in the Militia have been included, there to remain until a frdh Ballot shall! take place in such Parish or Place* as prescribed and directed by the aforesaid ASL

II. ‘ And whereas it may sometimes happen, that Persons alleged to be liable, in pursuance of this present Act*, to serve in the Militia, but entitled, on Account of Age or other special Ground of Exemption, to have their Names struck out of the Militia List, may, from Ignorance or excufaHe Neglect, fail to come

forward in due Time to state the same to the Subdivision Meeting appointed for amending and making of such Lists, and thereby become liable to serve in the Militia, provide a Substitute or pay the Penalty be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Persons failing or neglecting as aforesaid, within three Calendar Months from the Day on which such Subdivision Meeting aforesaid has been held, to state by Peti-

lion such Cause of Exemption to a General Meeting of Lieutenants and Justices of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, who are hereby authorised and empowered, if they shall see Cause, to order the Name of such Person to be struck out of the Militia List, and his Name to be taken out of the Ballot Box: Provided always, That the said Lieutenants or justices, a (Tern bled as aforesaid, shall be empowered, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, at the same Time that they shall allow such Cause of Exemption, to impose and levy from such Person such Fine as they may judge, upon the whole Circumstance of the Case, adequate to the Neglect of the Individual, such Find in no Ca'e to exceed the Sum often Pounds Sterling; which Sum the said General Meeting are hereby authorised and directed to apply to the Purpose of providing Substitutes, in like Manner as they are directed by this and the other Militia Acts to apply the Penalties of Persons ballotted, but refusing to serve or provide a Substitute: Provided also, That no such Person shall have his Name struck out of the said Lift, or taken from the Ballot Box, until he shall have paid into the Hands of the Clerk of the said Meeting the Fine awarded against him.

III. And whereas it has been found from Experience, that the Penalty of ten Pounds Sterling, drredldd

to be paid by Persons ballotted, but refusing to serve, or to find Substitutes in their Room, has proved insufficient to enable the Deputy Lieutenants to provide Substitutes for them, and Doubts have arisen in

that Case as to the Mode of applying and accounting for the said Penalties be it therefore enacted, That the said Lieutenant, Deputy Lieutenants, and Justices, assembled in a General Meeting held in pursuance of this or any other Act or Acts now in Force respecting the Militia, shall order the Clerk of the said Meeting to make up an Account of all the Penalties incurred within ther said County, Stewartry, City, or Place, and shall direct the Amount of the same to be forthwith, and as quickly as possible, applied in providing (so far as it will go) Substitutes to serve in the Militia; and where the total Amount of such Penalties shall be found inadequate to the Purpose of providing, the full Number of Substitutes required, it shall be lawful for the said General Meeting, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to allot the said Substitutes so provided to the several deficient Parishes from which the aforesaid Penalties arise, as far as possible, and that either by ballotting which of the fakl Parishes shall be relieved by the Allotment of the said Substitutes, or in such other Mode as shall appear to the said General Meeting just and equitable, and bsft calculated for laying the Burthen of providing the remaining Number of Men still deficient as equally as poftibie over the said Parishes, and shall proceed to order and direct a Ballot to be held in the same Manner and Form as prescribed by the said Acts, by such Parishes as they shall declare or appoint to remain (till liable to make good the Deficiencies: Provided always, That the Commanding Oftkers of the respective Regiments of Militia shall be, and they are hereby empowered, at the End of every *three Months from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, if necessary, to require, by written Notice sent to the Clerk of the General Meetings for each County, Stewartry, City, or Place, furnishing Militia Men to such Regiment, a General or Subdivision Meeting to be called and held, as the Case may render necessary, for the Purpose of supplying the Number of Men still deficient, from such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, and the said Lieutenant, Deputy Lieutenants, or Justices, shall, and they are hereby required, within ten Days after the Receipt of such Notice, to hold such General or Sub-division Meeting for the Purpose aforesaid, in order that the full Number of Militia due by such County* Stewartry, City, or Place, may be furnished to the said Regiment as speedily as poftibie.

IV. And whereas by the said Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

it is enacted, That every Person chosen by Ballot according to the Directions of the said Act (not being one of the People called Quakers) refusing or neglecting to appear to take the Oath and serve in the Militia, or to provide a Substitute, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds Sterling, and whenever any Ballot shall take place in the same Parish or Place, be liable to serve again or provide a Substitute, and in Default of Payment of such Penalty, or for Want of sufficient Effe#s whereon to levy the same, the Name of such Person shall be entered upon the Roll for which he was ballotted, and he shall be compelled to serve 4?in like Manner as any other Person who should be then ballotted for would be compellable to serve, and shall be subject to the same Punishments for afterwards absconding or deserting, as he would have been subject to in case he had appeared and been duly (worn and enrolled as a Militia Man :* Be it enacted, That whenever any such Person shall have his Name drawn a second Time on any Ballot, it shall be in his Power in place of serving personally or providing a Substitute, on Payment of a further Penalty of five Pounds Sterling, to have his Name struck out of the Lift of Militia Men altogether, and be for ever relieved from serving in the Militia; which further Penalty shall be recovered and applied by the Lord Lieutenant, Deputy Lieutenants, and Justices, in like Manner as all other Penalties are directed to be recovered and applied by the present or any other Act of Parliament relative to the Militia.

129

Tent liable to serve are included, till a fresh Ballot shall take place.

Persons from Ignorance not claiming Exemption at the Subdivision Meeting mayr within three Months, appljT> to a General Meeting, whq may oider tlwir Na r.cs to be struck out of the Lift, hut may fine them* not exceeding loi.

The General Meeting toordef' their Clerk to make up an Account of Penalties, and dnest the Amount to be applied in pro* vi !ing Suhfti-tutes; and where infufii-cient to provide the Whole, thty ftnl a.lot those provided, and dirtft a h’ollot by the? Parishes they shall declare liable fort the Deficiencies. Commanding Officers of Militia Regiments may, every three Months, require a Gtneraj or Subdivision Meeting to be called for supplying deficient Mm, whii h shall be held within to Days.

Persons drawn a second Time by Bailor (under the Directions of $ai. of 37 G. 3. c. 103.*) on Payment of a further Penalty of 5l. may be for ever relieved from serving in the Militia.

*3® /C. 61, 63.

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

V. And whereas it has in forr.e Instances been the Practice of the Deputy Lieutenants, or other Persons authorised by the Lord Lieutenant, to indulge the several Militia Men ballotted to serve with a longer Leave of Absence than is.necessary; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Notice served upon any Militia Man ballotted as aforesaid to attend at the Time and Place specified in the said Order, as directed by the Acts now in Force relative to the Militia, shall extend -beyond fourteen Days from the Date of such Ballot; and ail Militia Men failing to attend at such Time and Place lo specified',-(hail, over and above the other Pains and Penalties already imposed in such cases, forfeit the Pay due from ttjc Day ot their being so ballotted till the Day on. which they shall actually join the Regiment to which they belong, and be liable to be seizec! and punished as Deserters: Provided also, That the Clerk of such General or Subdivision Meeting, at which such Men shall have been ballotted, shall forthwith transmit to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment for which any Militia Man is ballotted to serve, a Note of the Name of each Militia Man, the Day on which he has been ballotted, and that on which he has been ordered lo attend; and every Clerk refusing or wilfully neglecting to transmit such Notice as aforesaid, shall be liable to a Penalty of twenty Pounds Sterling, to be recovered in like Manner as any other Penalties are directed to be recovered by the said recited Act. '

Allowances to Schoolmasters, and others employed in the Execution of the Militia Act, shall be submitted to tlteBarons Exchequer in Scotland, who

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Allowances for the Trouble of any Schoolmaster, Constable, Clerk, or other Officer employed in the Execution of the Militia Acts, shall, besides being previously certified by the Sheriff, Deputy Lieutenants, or Lieutenant of the County or Stewartry, as directed by the Acts now in Force, be submitted to the Confutation of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland who are hereby authorised and empowered to restrict these Claims to such Sums as they shall think reasonable, and to grant a Warrant for Payment thereof out of the Revenues of the Land Tax, assessed Taxes, or consolidated Duties of Customs and excise* or any of them, which they shall think moil proper Xo apply to this Service.

may grant a Warrant for Payment.

When ary Militia Man shall appear to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment unfit to serve, he may, with the Approbation of the Commanding Officer of the Dirtrict, re-

VII. And be it further enacted, That when any Militia Man, Volunteer, or Substitute, furnished and approved by any General or District Meeting of Lieutenancy, shall appear to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment in which he is called upon to serve. unfit, from Infirmity, Size, or other sufficient Cause, to serve as a Militia Man, it shall be lawful for the said Commanding Officer, with the Approbation in Writing of the General or Commanding Officer of the Military District within which such Regiment shall happen to be stationed, to reject-or discharge such Person as unfit to carry Arms in the Militia, and unon transmitting Notice of the Discharge, with a Copy of the Approbation of the General or Commanding Officer aforesaid, to the Deputy Lieutenants of the Parish or District from which the said Militia Man, Volunteer, or Substitute, shall have been furnished, the Deputy Lieutenants shall forthwith cause another Person, able and fit for Service, to be chosen by Ballot in Place of the Person discharged as aforesaid.

ject him, and another shall be chosen by Ballot.

39CCO. 3.C. 35.

Persons enrolled in Volunteer Corps or Associations in Scotland, not liable to serve or providea Substitute in the Militia.

Copy of Muster Roll ot Pu Tons row serving, to be tianfinitted to the Courty

VIII. And whereas an Act was made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for exempting during the present lVtir+ Persons serving in Volunteer Corps and Associations from being ballotted for the Ml-4 Zr/iV?, under certain Conditions: And whereas it is expedient and necessary that the said Adfc should extend to all Persons serving in Volunteer Corps and Associations in that Part of Great Britain called Scotlandf be it enacted, That every Person enrolled, or to be enrolled, and serving in any Volunteer Corps, or any Corps or Body of Men associated for the Defence of any City, Town, or Place, and for maintaining publick Tranquillity and good Order within the same, whether of Infantry or Cavalry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, which now are, or shall be raised in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament, shall be exempt from being liable to serve personally in the said Militia, or to provide a Substitute; and that all the Powers, Regulations, Conditions, and Restrictions in the aforesaid Act contained, shall extend to all such Volunteer Corps or Associations in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act: Provided always, That the Copy of the Muster Roll of the Persons now enrolled and serving in any such Corps or Ailuciations may and shall be transmitted to the Lieutenant of the County on or before the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Jcu tenant on or before Aug. r, 1799.

---

CAP. LXIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Sugar imported and exported, and on Coffee exported; and for reducing the Drawbacks now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar.

[1st July 1799.]

'Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Publick Expences, and making a permanent Addition to the Publick Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional Duties of Customs herein-after mentioned; and do

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 63. 131

---

[The following additional Duties of Customs to be paid on Sugar.]

[Duties.]

most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the Kind’s most Excellent*

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid., unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, over and above the Duties now payable by Law, the following additional Duties of Customs, to be paid in Ready Money, without any Di(count or Abatement whatever; that is to say, *

For every Hundred Weight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, of Brown and MuscovadoSyigzr of the British Plantations, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or which mall have been fq imported, after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the Sum of Eight-pence; anch(binProportion for any greater or less Quantity:

For every Hundred Weight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, of Brown and Muftovado Sugar, which Qudl be sold at the Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eastlndiesr after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the Sum of Eight-pence $ and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

For every Hundred Weight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, of Whiteor Clayed Sugar of the British) Plantations, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or which shall have been so* imported, after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the Sum of four Shillings; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

For every Hundred Weight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, oftfiugar not of the British}

Plantations, which shall have been or shall be imported into Great Britain, and warehoused according to Law, upon the Delivery thereof, after the twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, out of or from the Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall have been deposited for Exportation from Great Britain> the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence; and so in Proportion for any greater or kfeQuanmy:

For every Hundred Weight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, of Sugar, which shall have been or shall be imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading &J-». to the East Indies, and warehoused according to Law, and sold at the Sales of the said Company, after $ 3-i the twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, upon the Delivery thereof out of 6r from the Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall have been deposited for Exportation from Great Britain, the Sum of six Shillings and Sixpence j and foin Proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

For every Hundred Weight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, of Coffee, which shall have been'or shall be imported into Great Britain, and warehoused according to Law, upon the Delivery-thereof, after the twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, (out of or from the Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall have been deposited,) for Exportation from Great Britain, the Sum of four Shillings; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties hereby granted on Sugar imported by the United Duties on So* Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, shall be levied, collected, and paid, riotwith- by^heEaafo- standing any, Provision oj^any Matter or Thing contained in an Act, puffed in this present Session of Par- dia Company tV

f&r 39 3*

~ e. is*

some nt, for permitting Goods imported by the said Company to be warehoused.

bepaid notwithstanding 39 Geo. 3. c. 59

From certain Periods Part of the Drawbacks on Exportation of Sugar shall cease.— £&* 39; Geo. Sejg. z.

‘ 1* §W>4" ]

III. And whereas it is expedient, under the present Circumstances, that the Drawbacks and Bounties now payable by Law on the Exportation of Sugar should be reducedbe it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, of the Drawbacks now allowed by Law to the Exporter or Exporters, on the Exportation from Great Britain of any Sugar in the same State in which it was imported frorm Foreign Parts, two Shillings and Sixpence for each and every Hundred Weight of such Sugar, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable: That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, of the Drawbacks or Bounties now allowed by Law to the Exporter or Exporters, on the Exportation from Great Britain of any Refined Sugar called Bastards, or any Ground or Powdered Sugar, or Refined Loaf Sugar, broken in Pieces* or Sugar called Candy, twaShiHings and Sixpence for eaeh and every Hundred Weight of such Sugar, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable: And that, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of '

July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the Drawbacks or Bounties now allowed by Law to the Exporter or Exporters, on the Exportation from Great Britain of any other Refined Sugar, four Shillings. for each and every Hundred Weight of such Sugar, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable: Provided always*. That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to red jcc the Drawback on Drawback now allowed by Law on Sug^r exported to Ireland> in the same State in which k was imported sugar exported

into Great Britain from Foreign Parts.

to lrcland in the State imported into Great Britain*

%IV. And be it further enacted, That*such of the Duties by this Act imposed, as shall arise in that Part of ?mAct w bc un*. Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Eng- niein of the*" land for the Time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, fha\\ be

Commissioners under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the Time being. of Customs.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Duties hereby imposed shall and may be managed, ascertained, Duties to be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, and recovered, in such and the like Manner, and in and by managed, as the any and either of the Ways, Means, or Methods, by which any of the Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imposed and payable by an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his by any ktt present Majesty, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on or immediately before the passing prior to the

Appropriatldn 1 Duties.

132 C. 63, 64. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

of this Acts were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, yaid, fccored, and recovered; and the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, so by this Act made chargeable with the said Duties, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regu- 4 lations. Rules, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to which any Goods, Wares* or Merchandize* upon which any Duties of Customs are imposed and payable, were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on or immediately before the passing of this Act; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture, for any Offence whatever, committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions, therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution, for and in respect of the Duties hereby charged, as far as the same are applicable thereto, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions. Powers, Directions, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, out of the Monies arising from the Rates and Duties upon Sugar imported into Great Britain, the Sum of eighteen thousand live

'hundred Pounds, being the fourth Part of the Sum of seventy-four thousand Pounds, the average Amount for the last three Years of the Drawbacks and Bounties on Sugar exported hereby repealed, shall Quarterly, on the^enth Day of October, the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of April, and the fifth Day of July in every Year during the Period of ten Years, be let apart from the Monies arising from the Rates and Duties upon Sugar imported into Great Britain; and the said Sum of seventy-four thousand Pounds, together with the Duties hereby granted on Sugar imported or delivered from the Warehouse, and on Coffee exported, shall, during the said Period often Years, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at West-niinster, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Revenue, and shall be carried to, and made Part of, the Consolidated Fund; and the said Sum of seventy-four thousand Pounds, together with the said Duties, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be made by virtue of any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Boole or Books in which the said Sum of seventy-four thousand Pounds, and the said Duties hereby granted, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates or Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

VII. And whereas an Act was pal fed in the thirxy-tecond Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback, and Payment of the Bounty, on the Exportation

of Sugar; and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islandu in

Foreign Shipsj amongst other Things for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback, and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar: And whereas other Acts were passed in the thirty-tifth, thirty—

sixth, and thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending the said Act, which last mentioned Acts have been continued till the End of the present Session of Parliament: And whereas it is. 4 expedient to repeal so milch of trie said first recited Act, as relates to the ascertaining the average Price of Sugar, and of regulating the Drawback and Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar by such Average/ be it further enacted, That, from and after passing of this Act, the said first recited Act, so far as the same relates to the ascertaining the average Price of Sugar in the Manner therein mentioned, or of regulating the Allowance of Drawback, or the Payment of Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar from this Kingdom, shall

rexuh'in, the be, and the same is hereby repealed. -

Drawback, repealed.

[Revived till May 5, 1800. 39 Geo. 3. Stjf. 2. c. 12. $ 2.]

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Bounty payable on the Exportation of all refined Sugar produced from Muscovado Sugar of the Brit iff Plantations in America, shall be paid and allowed on all Sugar which shall be shipped or laden on board any Ship or Ships, or waterborn, with Intent to be shipped or laden on board any Ship or Ships in Great Britain, between the Day of passing this Act, and the twenty-fourth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine,

waterborn to be shipped, between passing this Act and July 14, 1799.

31 Geo. 3.

c. 3. (amended and continued by 35 Geo. 3. c. 110 & 36 Geo. 3. c. 106. i and 38 Geo 3. c. 61.) recited $ and so much ther eof as relates to the af-certainin^ the Average Price of Sugar, or

The Bounty on Exportation of refined Muscovado Sugar to be laid on all shipped, or

---

CAP. LXIV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

[1st July 1799.]

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 65. 133

CAP. LXV.

An Act for allowing, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and five, a further Bounty upon Pilchards exported; and for amending an Act made in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise.

[1st July 1799.]

---

[See

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, an additional Bounty of one Shilling and Sixpence was allowed for every Cask or Vessel of Pilchards, containing fifty Gallons, which should be exported between the twenty-fourth Day of June ope thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; which Bounty was further continued by another Act, of the thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the further Term of seven Years,

from the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight: And whereas in the Act made in the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise, and for repealing the Duties on Salt, and the Drawbacks* Allowances, and Bounties paid thereout, and for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties thereon. Provision was not made for the said Bounty of one Shilling and Sixpence; and it is expedient to grant such additional Bounty as is herein-after mentioned: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for every Cask or Vessel of Pilchards, containing fifty Gallons, which has been duly exported from Great Britain to Parts beyond the Seas, aince the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, or which shall hereafter be so exported, until and upon the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and five, and for and in respect whereof the Person or Persons exporting the same shall be entitled to the Bounty of seven Shillings, under or by vir-tueof the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, an additional Bounty of one Shilling and Sixpence shall be paid and payable to such Person and Persons so entitled to the said Bounty of seven Shillings, at such Times, in such Manner, and by such Person and Persons, and out of such Monies, as the said Bounty of seven Shillings is by the said last mentioned Act directed to be paid.

[&* post- < 77

as to Scotland* ] 31 Geo. }, c. 45.

37 C*o. }. c. 94. 380*0. 3. c. 89.

For every Carte of Pilchards containing 5® Gallons, expot ted from Great Britain from October io, 1798, to June 24, 1805, and entitled to the Bounty of

7s. (under 38 Geo. 3. c. 89. §2.) an additional Bounty of is. 6d. shall be paid.

Pilchards so shipped and exported be it therefore enacted, That for all Pilchards which shall be duly shipped ]ndic$ or the and exported directly to any of the British West India Klands, or to any Port or Place in the Mediterranean, Mediterranean, in Casks of thirty two Gallons or upwards, there shall be allowed a Bounty in due Proportion to the several in Caflcs of Bounties now payable* and which by this Act may become payable, for and in respect of Pilchards exported from Great Britain, in Casks containing fifty Gallons; any Thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: Provided always, That no such Bounty shall be paid or allowed, unless all and Angular the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions by any former Law established, for or in respect of Fish exported in order to obtain the Bounty, shall have been fully complied with. taming so

Gallons;

III. And whereas it has been a Practice to export Pilchards, in (ome Instances, in Casks commonly asaifoforail

wards, aBounty shall be paid in Proportion to those exported in Calks ctn-

Pilchards which, since the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, have been duly exported from Great Britain to Parts beyond the Seas, in Casks commonly called Pilchard Hopf-heads, or which, at any Time on or before the first Day of June one thousand eight hundred, shall be so exported in such Casks, a Bounty shall be allowed in Proportion to the several Bounties now payable, or which by this Act may become payable, for or in respect of Pilchards exported from Great Britain, in Casks containing fifty Gallons; any Thing in this Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas it has been the Practice to allow Pilchards and other Fish to be exported upon Bounty

from Ports and Places not being lawful Quays, and it is expedient to continue such Practice,' be it therefore enacted, Tn«t it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, to allow Pilchards and other Fish to be exported, for the Purpose of obtaining the Bounty, from such convenient Port or Place as they shall deem proper; any Thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the connary in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And whereas by the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reignf it was en-

acted, That before any such Salt as is in that Behalf in the said Act mentioned should be delivered free of 1 Duty, for the Purpose of curing or preserving Fish, the Maker or Makers, or Refiner or Refiners there-1 of, or Proprietor or Proprietors of the Salt Work from whence the same was to be so delivered, or the

heads, from Oct. io, 1798, to June i, 1800.

The Commissioners of txcjfe may allow Fish to be exported from any 1iacc.

38 Geo. 3.

c. 89. $ bJ.

When the Warehouse from which Salt

carried down any River thereto, Bond,

S^-urity dirtied by 38 Geo. 3. c. S9. §6S,

& c.

134 C. 65. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Merchant or Merchants for whose Account or on whose Order the same should be delivered, should give such sufficient Bond or Security as in the said Act was in that Behalf directed that all such Salt and every Part thereof should (the Dangers of Enemies only excepted) be duly delivered into the Custody and Possession of the Fish Curer or Fish Curers for or to whom the same was to be consigned or sent; and that no Part of such Salt should, before the same should be so delivered into the Custody or Possession of such Fish* Curer or Fish Curers as aforesaid, be sold or delivered for Home Trade or Consumption, or otherwise fraudulently disposed of in Great Britain: And whereas the Salt Works at which Salt is made, and the entered Warehouses or Storehouses or Lofts in that Behalf mentioned in the said Act, and from which such Salt is by the said Act authorised to be delivered to b£ used and employed for the Purpose of curing or, preferring Fish, are sometimes situated at a Distance from the Sea Coast and from the Port at which such- Salt delivered from such Salt Works is intended to be shipped and put 6n board the Ships or Vessels irj which the same is intended to be carried and removed Coastwise for Delivery to or for the Fish Curers to?

or for whom the same is to be consigned or lent, and such Salt is commonly carried and conveyed from.;

such Salt Works in Flats, Barges, Boats, or Vessels, down Rivers to such Port, and it is therefore expe- dfent that in any such Case, in lieu and instead of such Bond or Security as is above mentioned, such Bonds or Securities shall be given as are herein after in that Behalf directed f be it therefore enacted, Tha&

» which 0411 w^en an^ so often as any Maker of Salt, or Refiner of Rock Salt, or Proprietor of any Salt Work, (half is to be deUvaed ^ave Occasion to deliver any Salt from his or her entered Warehouse, Storehouse, or Loft, ac his or her Salt for curing Fish Works, to be used and employed in curing and preserving Fish, and such Warehouse, Storehouse, or Loft* is distant from shall be situate at a Distance from the Sea Coast, and from the Port at which such Salt is intended to be

the Port ot shipped or put on board any Ship or Vessel, to be therein carried or removed Coastwise for Delivery to the.

intended" 10 beS Fish Curers for or to whom the same is to be consigned or sent, and such Salt is intended to be carried or conveyed in any Flat, Barge, Boat, or Vessel, from such Salt Works, or from any such Warehouse, Storehouse, or Loft, down any River to any such Port, then and in every such Case, in lieu and instead of fuclfc Bond or Security as was in the said Act directed, the Makers or Renners thereof, or Proprietors of the Sale ^J^The^ivcn ^or^s ^rom w^ence f^e ^ame ls to delivered, or the Merchants for whose Account or on whose Or-instead of illc1" ^er ^arrjc shall be delivered, shall give sufficient Bond or Security, to be approved of by the Commissioners of Excise, or the Person or Persons who shall be appointed or employed by them for that Purpose, ill Treble. the Amount of the Duty of the Salt so intended to be delivered for the Purposes of curing, or preserving Fish, (in which Bond or Security the Master or Owner of the Flat, Barge, Boat, or Vessel, in which the Salt is* to befo earned of conveyed, shall join,) that all such Salt, and every Part thereof, shall with all due Diligence and Dispatch be duly carried and conveyed in such Flat, Barge, Boat, or Vessel to such Pbrt at which the same is so intended to be (flipped for the Purpose aforesaid; and that all such Salt shall, immediately on the Arrival at such Port, be laden and put on board the Ship or Vessel in which the same is to be carried and removed Coastwise for Delivery to the Fish Curer or Fish Curers for or to whom the same is to be con-' signed or sent, and that no Part of such Salt shall, before the same shall be so laden and put on board the Ship or Vessel in which the same is to be so carried and removed Coastwise for such. Delivery as aforesaid, be* sold or delivered for Home Trade or Consumption, or otherwise fraudulently disposed of in Great Britain y. and also that, immediately on the Arrival of such Flat, Barge, Boat, or Vessel at such Port, such Bond or Security shall be given as is herein after mentioned;

VI. And be it further enacted, That every such Bonder Security for such due Carriage and Conveyancer of such Salt to the Port at which the same shall be intended to be shipped as aforesaid, and for the other Matters herein-before directed to be contained in such Bond or Security, shall be cancelled and discharged, upon the Maker or Makers, or Refiner or Refiners of the Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of the Salt" Works from whence the Salt was so delivered, or the Merchant or Merchants on whose Account* or to* whose Order such Sait shall be so delivered as aforesaid, producing to and leaving with the proper Officer of Excise a Certificate, under the Hand of such other Officer of Excise as shall he authorised or employed to> give and grant the same, testifying that all and every Part of the Salt mentioned in such Bond or Security has-been, with all due Diligence and dispatch, duly carried and conveyed in such Flat, Barge, or Vessel, as* aforesaid, to such Port as aforesaid, and that the same was immediately, on the Arrival at such Port, laden* and put on board the Ship or Vessel in which the same was to be carried, and removed Coastwise, for Delivery to the Fish Curer or Fish Curers for or to whom the same was consigned or sent, and that such Bond, or Security has been given as is herein after directed, for the due Delivery of such Salt jitto the Custody and'* Possession of the Fish Curer, and the other Matters directed to be contained in such Bond: Provided always, That such Certificate (frail be produced to and left witfr such proper Officer of Excise within one Month* next after the Day on which such Salt shall have been delivered out of the Warehouse or Storehouse, or Warehouses or Storehouses belonging to such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or- Pro-' prietors, as aforesaid,

VII. And be it further enacted, That immediately upon the Arrival of any such Flat, Barge, Boat, or Vessel, at the Port at which such Salt is intended to b$ shipped, or put on board any Ship or Vessel, to ber therein carried, or removed Coastwise, for Delivery to the Fish Curer or Fish Curers for or to whom the same is to be consigned or sent, the Merchant or Merchants, on whose Account <?r to whose Order the same shall be delivered, shall give fiifl^cfent Bond or Security, to be approved of by the Commissioners of Excise,’. or the Person or Persons who shall be appointed or employed by them for that Purpose, in Treble the Amount, of the Duty of the Salt lo intended to be delivered for the Purpose of curing1 or preserving Fish, (in which. Bond or Security* the Master or Owner of the Ship or Vessel in which the Salt is to be carried or conveyed shall join,) that all such Salt, and every Part thereof* flxall (the Danger of Enemies only excepted) 1 be r

How such

Bunds shall be discharged.

On t!>* Arrival *>i a.Vctfd at the Port where Salt is to be Shipped to be sent Coastwise to the Fish Curer, Bend to be given that it ih^U not be orlurWifc di£-

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 65.

duly delivered into the Custody and Possession of the Fish Curer or Fish Curers for or to whom the same is to be* consigned or sent, and that no Part of such Salt fhftl, before the same shall be delivered into the Custody or Possession of such Fish Curer or Fish Curers as aforesaid, be sold or delivered for Home Trade or Consumption, or otherwise fraudulently disposed of in Great Britain,

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Bond or Security hsrein-before directed to be given for the due Delivery of any such Salt into the Custody and Possession of any such Fish Curer or Fish Curers, and for the other Matters herein-before directed to be contained in such Bond, shall be cancelled and discharged, upon the Merchant or Merchants, on whole Account or to whole Order any such Sait shall hare been so delivered as aforesaid, producing to and leaving with the proper Officer of Excise a Certificate, under the Hand of such other Officer of Excise as shall be authorised to give and grant the same, testifying that all and every Part of the Salt mentioned in such Bond or Security has been duly delivered into the Custody or Possession of the Fish Curer or Fish Curers for whom the same was intended, or to whom the same was consigned or lent, and that Bond or Security has been given by or on the Part of such Fish Curer or Fish Curers, that all such Salt sent or consigned to him, her, or them, and delivered into his, her, or their Custody, shall be used and employed in curing and preserving Fish: Provided always, That such last mentioned Certificate shall be produced to and left with such proper Officer of Excilb, within three Months next after the Day on which such Salt shall have been so shipped or put on board the Ship or Vessel in which the same is to be carried or removed Coastwise, for such Delivery to the Fish Curer or Fish Curers as aforesaid.

IX. And whereas, under and by virtue of the said Act made in the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, Foreign Salt may be imported into Great Britain, and put into Import Warehouses,

Storehouses, or Cellars, under, subject, and according to such Conditions, Rules, and Regulations as afe in the said Act in that Behalf provided: And whereas it is expedient to allow any such Foreign Salt to be taken from and out of any such Warehouse, Storehouse, or Cellar, at the Ports of Poole, Dartmouth, Falmouth, and Glasgow, to be exported to Newfoundland for the Purpose herein-afeer mentioned ;* be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to or for any Person or Persons, within twelve Months after the Importation and Landing thereof, to take, free of Duty, for the Purpose immediately exporting the same, in any Ship or Vessel not of less Burthen than forty Tons, t6 Newfoun/lland, for curing Cod Fish, Ling, or Hake, to be there caught, any Quantity exceeding fifty Bushels at a Time, of Foreign Salt, from and out of any Import Warehouse, Storehouse, or Cellar, at either of the Ports of Poole, Dart-mouth% Falmouth, or Glasgow, in which the same has been put according to the Regulations of the said Act, upon the Person or Persons so taking out any such Salt first giving the like Bond or Security as is in or by the said Act required and directed to be taken, for or in respect erf Salt delivered free of Duty for immediate Exportation; save and except that every such Bond or Security, so to be taken in pursuance of this Act, shall be in Treble the Amount of the Duty by that Act imposed for or in respect of imported Salt, not being of the Productor Manufacture of Great Britain; and the giving or entering into such Bond or Security, together with the Exportation of such Salt to Newfoundland as aforesaid, shall vacate the former Bond or Security which shall have been given for Payment of the Duties with which such Foreign Salt was charged, or to which the same was liable, so far as such last mentioned Bond or Security relates to such Duty for or in respect of the Quantity of Salt so taken out of such Warehouse, Storehouse, or Cellar, and exported to Newfoundland as aforesaid: Provided always, That such last mentioned Bond shall be and remain in full Force and Effect as to all the Salt specified therein, or to Which the same shall relate, except the particular Quantity or Quantities thereof so taken out and exported to Newfoundland as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That no such Bond or Security, so to be given or taken for Salt, to be used and employed in curing and preserving Fish as aforesaid, nor any Certificate to be made out in relation to any such Salt, shall be subject or liable to any Sump Duty \ any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parlia-inent to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. not fuije<

XI. And whereas there are still depending, and unexpended, divers Quantities of Salt which were taken, free of Duty, for the curing of Fish, under and subject to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions,

and Provisions, contained in the several A6i$ of Parliament in that Behalf in Force immediately before. 4 the Commencement of an Act made in the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, among Other Things, for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excile; and it is

expedient to make such Provisions for or in respect thereof as are herein after in that Behalf directed Be it therefore endfted. That all and singular the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, which are contained or provided in or by the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for or in respect of Salt, delivered Under or by virtue of that Act, for curing and preserving Fish, and all and singular the Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, which are by the said Act imposed on any Fish Curer, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Breach of or Disobedience to any or either of the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, or Provisions, shall be applied to and practised, and put in Execution, for and in respect of all such Salt so depending and unexpended, so far as the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures respectively can or may be so applied, practised, and' put in Execution j any Thing in any After Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding./

XII. And whereas it may sometimes happen that Ships or Vessels going Coastwise laden with Salt or Rock Salt may be taken by the Enemy be it therefore enacted, That in case any 'Salt or Rock Salt, for which the Duties imposed by the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty shall have been

How such Bonds shall be discharged.

Within 11 Months after Importation, warehousea Foreign Salt may be taken out, Duty frcc,t, at certairi Porta,* for Exportation to Newfoundland, in Vessel of not less than 40 Tons, and in Quantity exceeding 50 Bushels, on Bond, as direct-cd by 38 Geo 3. c. 89. § zo, &c.

Bonds for Safe for curing Fish,

and Certificates relating thereto,: to Stamp Duty.

38 Geo. 3. c. 89. to extend to Salt taken, Duty fiec, for curing Fish, prior thereto, as far as applicable.

For Salt or

Rock Salt, for which Duty hr-teen pml. captured with th*

C.65*

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Vessel removing it Coastwise, the same Relief to be given at for Sale loft through Strtfs of Weather, under 1% Geo. 3. c. S9. $ 115.

3$Gea. 3. c. S9. - $ 13&. recittrf, and repealed.

Application of duties.

\^indfie c. 77.

e. ij.

been duly paid or secured to be paid, shall, together with the Ship or Vessel in which such Salt or Rock SaJt shall be removing or transporting from one Part, of this Kingdom to another, be loft by Capture of Enemies, it shall and may be lawful either for his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Divisioiv or Shire, at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace neared to which the Owner, Proprietor, or Shipper of the Salt or Rock Salt shall reside, or for the Commissioners of Excise at the Chief Office of Excise in London, or any three of the said Commissioners, (in like Manner as is authorised or directed by the said Act, made in the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign for or irt respect of such Salt or Rock Salt, as is lit the said Act in that Behalf mentioned, lost or destroyed through Stress of Weather, or Storms at Sea, or by the unavoidable casting away, sinking, or stranding of the Flat, Boat, Barge, or Vessel, in or on board of which such Salt or Rock Salt was removing or transporting from one Place to another,) to grant {belike Relief, as in and by the said Act is authorised, directed, or required, for or in respect of any such Salt or Rock Sak which shall be so loft by Capture of Enemies, as is in and by the said Act authorised or required, for or in respect of Salt or Rock Salt lost or destroyed through Stress of Weather, or Storms at Sea, or by the unavoidable casting away, sinking, or stranding, of the Flat, Boat, Barge, or Vessel, in or, on board of which the same was so removing or transporting from one Place to another.

XIII. And whereas by the said Act made in the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, it is enacted, that out of the Monies arising from the Duties on Salt thereby granted, the Sum of one hundred*

and one thousand five hundred and fifty-five Pounds, being one Fourth Part of the Sum of four hundred and?

six thousand two hundred and twenty Pounds, the annual Average Produce for six Years, ending the fifth Day of Abril one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, of the said Duties on Salt, should Quarterly*.

on the Days therein mentioned, in every Year, during the Period of ten Years, be set apart from thp Remainder of the said Rates and Duties; and that the said Remainder of the said Duties mould, during the said Period of ten Years, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, distinctly1 and apai;t 4 from all other Branches of the Public Revenue; and that the said Remainder of the said Rates an$t-4 Duties, so paid into the said Receipt, or so much thereof as as should be sufficient, should be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose in the said Act mentioned: And whereas it is expedrent- to repeal the said recited Clause, and in lieu and stead thereof to make such Provision as is in that Behalf herein after directed;’ be it therefore enacted, That the said recited Clause shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and that Quarterly, on the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October, in every Year, the Sum of eight thousand Pounds, being one Fourth Part of the Sum of thirty-two thousand Pounds, the annual Average Produce upon an Account taken for three Years, ending the fifth Day of Abril one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, of the Monies paid or* Account of Allowances for Wane, and of the Difference between the Discount heretofore allowed, by-Reason of the Length of Time given for Payment of the Duties, and that which was provided by an Act made in the thirty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign*, intituled, An Act for determining the present Allowances for IVaJle on Salt carried Coq/lwife; and for reducing the respective Times of Payment of the Duties on Salty shall, for and during the Residue of the said Term of ten Years, mentioned in the said iaft recited Act, be set apart out of the Monies arising from the Duties on Salt, granted by the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and shall be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Remainder of the said Period^ Book or Books, in which such Quarterly Sums shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Duties, granted by any Act of the thirty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as is mentioned in the said Act of the thirty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, on any Account whatever; and that the further Sum of ninety-three thousand nve hundred and fifty-five Pounds, being the Remainder of the first mentioned Sum of one hundred and one thousand five: hundred and fifty-five Pounds, shall, for and during the said Remainder of the said last mentioned Period of Time, likewise Quarterly, on the before mentioned Days in every such Year, be let apart from the Duties On Salt granted by the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and paid distinctly and Separately into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer; and that from the Conclusion of the said Period of Time, until the Expiration of ten Years, from the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the full Sum of one hundred and one thousand five hundred and fifty-five Pounds (half* in like Manner, be set apart from the said Duties granted by the said last mentioned Act, and paid distinctlyand separately into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer; and that, after felting apart such Quarterly Sun or Su nsas aforesaid, the Remainder of the Rates and Duties on Salt granted by the said last mentioned Act, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition, made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made or Stock created, by virtue of any Act passed in the last Session of Parliament; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, during the Period of te'n Years, from the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, a Book or Books, in which the said Remain- der of the Monies arising from the said Duties granted by the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year of his I relent Majesty's Reign, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Duties, grained 111 the said last Senior) of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 65, 66, 67.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Clauses, Matters and Things, which, in or by the said Act made in the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, or in reiatig totbc or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament therein mentioned or referred unto relating to the Duties upon Duties on Sait Salt, and in Force immediately before the passing of this Act, arr contained, provided^ feUleid, or establlQi- to extend to edfor the Purposes of the said Act or Acts, (save and except in such Cases for which other Provisions are thisAtf, as tar made by this Act, and save and except so far as any such Act or Acts, or any of the Provisions, Rules, or M aP?1,eaWe> Regulations, Clauses, Matters, or Things, therein contained, are repealed, revoked, altered* or controllfd, by this present Act, or repugnant to any of the Provisions herein contained,) shall be and continue in full Force, and be duly observod, practised, applied, and putin Execution throughout Great Britain, in and for the Purposes of this Act, so far as the same are applicable thereunto respectively, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if all and every the said Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Clauses, Matters, and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.'

---

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for placing the Salaries of the Sheriff Deputes and Substitutes of Scotland, upon the Scots Civil List Establishment.

[1st July 1799.]

---

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for taking c y, afWay and abolishing the henetable Juriddidions in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland*

and for other Purposes, it was among other Things enacted, that there shall be but one Sheriff Depute tfr Stewart Depute in every County, Shire, or Stewartry, in Scotland, and that he should bean Advocate of three Years standing at the least, and be nominated and appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successorst by Warrant under his or their Sign Manual, with such Continuance as his Majesty, his Heirs or.Suc-t4 cessors, shall think fit, with competent Salaries; and other Provisions were made by the said recited Act respecting the Appointment of Substitutes; in consequence of which Salaries have been granted by his Majesty to the several Sherifls Depute or Stewarts Depute, and charged on his Majesty's Establishment far the Civil Affairs of Scotland-> and competent Allowances have been made to them for the various Services which they are*required to perform: And whereas the said Salaries and Allowances have been *4 paid out of the Revenues of Customs and Excise, without any other Authority than Sign Manuals oV 4 his Majesty: And whereas it is expedient that the said Officers and their Substitutes should be paid out of the same Funds that are applicable to the Payment of the Salaries of the Courts of Session, Judiciary, and Exchequer: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be Jt-eoaded-by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal', and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the raffing of this Act, the Salaries and Allowances now payable, or which shall hereafter be granted by his Majesty to the Sheriffs and Stewarts Depute, and to their Substitutes, shall be issued and paid in every Year, as the same shall become due and payable, out of the Moniesthat shall arise from-any of the Duties and Revenues in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, which, by Acts made in the seventh and tenth Years of the Reign of Queen Anm, were charged and made chargeable with the Payment of the Fees, Sa-

Jaries, and other Charges allowed, or to be allowed, by her Majesty, her Heirs and Succdilbcs, for Jteej^- ja^vhidi01* ingup the Courts of Session, Judiciary, and Exchequer, in Scotland.; madcl

chargeable by 7 An. c. 15. and xo Ad. c. 33. with Payment of Salaries /or keeping-up the* Court of Sdlion, to

The Salaries of Sheriffs and Stewarts Deputt in Scotland, &c. shall in future be payable out of the Duties

---

CAP. LXVII.

An Act to enable such Person as His Majesty shall please to appoint to the vacant Office of a Baron of the Exchequer, to take upon himself the Degree of a Serjeant at Law.

[1st July 1799.]

---

WHEREAS the Office of one of the Barons of the Coif of his Majesty's Exchequer is now vacant, and it is expedient that a proper Person should be forthwith appointed to succeed to such Office 5 4 and it is also expedient that such Person should be of the Degree of a Serjeant at Law, which Degree can- not be taken in Vacation: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enadiedand be it enacted by the King's ,pst Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual <and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, at any Time before the Commencement of next Michaelmas Term, to cause a Writ to be issued out of his Majesty's High Court of Chancery, dtredled to any such Person, being a Barrister at Law, as his Majesty shall think (it, returnable immediately in the said Court, commanding such Person to appear in the said Court, and to take upon himself the State and Dignity of a Serjeant at Law; and such Person shall and may thereupon forthwith appear before the Lord High Chair-cellor, at such Time and Place as the Lord High Chancellor shall appoint; and such Person so appealing, *nd taking the Oaths ulhally adoiimilered to a Serjeant at Law, shall, without any further Af\ ot Ceremony, be, and be deemed and taken to be, a Serjeant at Law, sworn to all Intents and Purposes: And in case his Majesty shall be pleated, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to grant to such Person so to be sworn as aforesaid, the Office of one of the Barons of the Coif of his Majesty's Exchequer,

[*. c. tlV a general ytH such ?t*r;

His Majesty my cause a Writ to be issued out of the High Court of Chancery to any Barrister at Law. lie fliifl tnink fit; to appear in that Court, and vdtc upon himself the Dignity of a Serjeant Law; such 1‘eiKta

X3$ C. 6*7 - 72. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

shall, °o taking

such Person shall be, and be deemed and taken to be, one of the Barons of the Coif of his Majesty's Exchequer, to all intents and Purposes whatsoever.

iurcher Ceremony deemed a Serjeant at Law: And his Majesty may grant to such Person the Office of one of the Barons of the Coif of the Exchequer.

---

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of three Millions for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

[12th July 1799.]

'Most gracious Sovereign,

---

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, having taken into our most serious Consideration your Majesty's most gracious Message, signifying your Majesty's desire to be enabled to enter into such further Engagements, and to take such Measures as may be best adapted to the Exigency of Affairs, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the Sum of three Millions for that Purpose; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted;' and be it enacted, &c.

His Majesty may empower the Treasury to cause Loans to be received or Exchequer Bills to bemadeoqt for 3,000,000l. any Time before Jan. $, 1800, agreeable to the Malt Act, Cap. 2. of this Session. 44 Such Exchequer Bills to be signed by the Auditor. §1. Such Loans or Exchequer Bills shall be charge- able on the first Aids granted next Session, and if not granted before July 5, .1800, to be paid out of thp Consolidated Fund. §3."

---

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for raising the Sum of three Millions five hundred thousand Pounds by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

[12th July 1799.]

---

3,500,000l. may be raised by Loans and Exchequer Bills, before Dec. 1, 1799. § * Such Exchequer Bills not to be received again in Payment of any Taxes; nor exchanged before Jan. 5, 1800. 4 y. T 44 be repaid out of the first Supplies to be granted in the next Session, and if not so paid before April 5^ 44 1800, to be charged on the Consolidated b und. §.4." y'

---

CAP. LXX.

An Act for raising the Sum of three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

[12th July 1799.]

---

2,000,000l. may be raised by Loans and Exchequer Bills, before Oct. 10, 1790. §1. Exchequer Bills 10 issued not to be received again in Payment of any Taxes, nor exchanged before April *s 1800. To be repaid out of the first Supplies granted next Session. §4.’

---

CAP. LXXI.

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, on the Credit of such Monies as shall arise by virtue of an Act of this Session, for granting certain Duties on Income.

[12th July 1799.]

---

Commissioners of the Treasury may, after July $, 1799, issue Exchequer Bills to the Amount of 44 2,000,000l. payable (out of the Duties arising under Cap. 15. of this Semon) three Months after the Date of such Bills, in like Manner as is prescribed by the Malt Act of this Session concerning Exchequer Bills. §1. Such Exchequer Bills not to be taken by any Collector or Receiver of the Revenue,

before they become payable. 4. a. Exchequer Bills to bear an Interest not exceeding d.tcr CenUper Diem; and such of them as shall not be paid out of the Duties aforesaid, shall be received at the Exchequer as Cash three Months after the Date thereof. §4."

---

CAP. LXXII.

An Act to amend an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War; and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties, so far as relates to the Assessments made upon Trustees, Agents, Receivers, and Guardians.

[12th July 1799.]

---

[39 Geo. 3. c. x. recited. [See s*73 of that Act.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the present Session, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties im~ recited. P°Jed b an dRy made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution Lur for the Prosecution of the lVar\ and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, b granting

tut certain Dutjes upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties, certain Contributions are made payable, in respect of the Incomes of certain Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, therein described j and Provisions are

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 72, 73, 74. 139

made for the Assessment of such Contributions on Persons afling as Trustees, Agents, Receivers, Guardians. Tutors, Curators, Committees, and others, in the actual Receipt of Income of Persons, Bodies

Politick and Corporate, for whom they shall act as aforesaid; and according to such Provisions two or more Persons may be respcCbivdy assessed for the Whole of the Contribution payable in respect of such i Income, Whereby more than one such Contribution may be assessed for such Income, contrary to the triple

Intent and Meaning of the said ACfc Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Conl'ent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That where two or more Persons shall be liable to be assessed for the same Income, as Trustees, Agents, Receivers, Guardians, Tutors, Curators, Committees, or otherwise, it shall be lawful for such Persons respectively to give Notice in Writing to the Commissioners acting for each Parish and Place in which they shall be liable to be so assessed, dating in what Parish or Place (being the Parish or Place of Residence of some or one of such Persons) they are respectivelydefirous of being fb assessed, and such Persons respectively giving such Notice shall be assessed accordingly; and if any such Persons or Person have been, or shall be assessed in more than one Paridi or Place, or by more than one Assessment, for such Income, one Contribution shall ba paid by all such Persons for such Income notwithstanding such Assessment; and it shall be lawful for such Persons respectively to pay such Contribution in one Parish or Place only, or into the Bank of England, in pursuance of the Directions in the said Aci contained, for Payment of Contributions into the Bank of England-, and for the Purpose of relieving all such Persons from the Effect of more than one Assessment for the fartte Income, it shall be lawful for such Persons respectively to apply to the Commissioners acting for the several Parishes or Places in which such Persons respectively shall be so.assessad, and to obtain from the Commissioners acting for the Parish or Place in which they shall elect to dand or be assessed, a Certificate that they have so elected, which Certificate shall He given gratis, and upon Production of such Certificate to the Commissioners actng for the other P^rishes or Places in which such Persons shall have been so assessed, such Commissioners shall cause the Assessments made on such Persons, or any of them, in such other ParKhes or Places respectively to be vacated, so that fijeh Persons respectively may not be charged by more than one Assessment in respect of such Income, Pb10 according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act and this ACT a"1

Certificate of the Parish in which they choose to be assessed, which shall vacate any other Assessments for the same Income

Where twoot more" Tru flees, &c. are liable to be assessed for the same Income, they may respectively give Notice to the Commissioners, flating the Parish in which they desire to be assessed, and if more than one Assessment is made for such Income, one Contribution only shall be paid; and the Persons so arrested may ap-

---

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for exempting certain specifick Legacies which shall be given to Bodies Corporate, or other Publick Bodies, from the Payment of Duty; and also the Legacy of Books and other Articles given by the Will of the late Reverend Clayton Mordaunt Cracherode to the Trustees of the British Museum.

[12th July 1799.]

'WHEREAS it is expedient that certain specifick Legacies given to Bodies Corporate, and other Publick Bodies and Societies, should be exempted from the Duties imposed on Legacies; be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[No Legacy of

That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Legacy, consisting of Books, Prints, Pictures, Statues, Gems, Coins, Medals, Specimens of Natural History, or other specifick Articles, which shall be given or bequeathed to or in Trust for any Body Corporate, whether Aggregate or Sole, or to the Society of Serjaants Inn, or any of the Inns of Court or Chancery, or any endowed School, in order to be kept and preserved by such Body Corporate, Society, or School, and not for the Purposes of Sale, shall be liable to any Duty imposed on Legacies by any Law now in Eoifce.

II. And whereas the late Reverend Clayton Mordaunt Cracherode, Master of Arts, and one of the Trustees of the British Museum, hath bequeathed to the said Trustees and their Successors, a very valuable Collection of Books, Drawings, and Prints, and also of Gems, Coins, Medals, and Specimens of Natural History, together with the Cabinets in which the same are contained; all which Articles*have been collected with the greatest Care and Judgment, and at an Expence amounting to a very consider- able Sum be it therefore further enacted, That the said Legacy shall be exempted from the Payment of any Duty to which the same is now liable.

Books, &c. bequeathed to any Body Corporate, Sec to be preserved, shall be liable to any Duty.

The Legacy of the Reverend Clayton Mordaunt Cracherode to the British Museum of Books, &c. shall be exempted from Duty.

---

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for further continuing until the first Day of February one thousand eight hundred and three, an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the same.

[12th July 1799.]

"27 Geo. III. Cap. 26. (continued by [30 Geo. III. Cap. 23.] 33 Geo. III. Cap. 71.: 36 Geo. III. Cap. 84.) recited. From Aug. 1, 1799, Treasury may (either by themselves or the Commissioners of"

140 C. 74, 75, 76. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

"Stamps) let to Farm the Duties mentioned in the said recited Act, separately in Districts. §1. No Contract to be made to continue beyond Feb. 1, 1803. §2."

---

In case of Persons failing to make Deposits of the A cat to'he paid, within the Time preferih-cA, or to enter into Security, Commissioners for Stamps to declare tha Contract void, and again put u^j the Duties (a be let.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or any three or more of them, to prescribe the Time for making any Deposit, on Account of the Rent to be paid by such Farmers of the said Rates and Duties, and the Sums to be so deposited; and in case the Person or Persons who shall contract or agree with the said Commissioners to farm the said Rates and Duties for the Term herein mentioned, shall fail to make such Deposit within the Time prescribed by the said Commissioners, or shall fail to enter into Security for the due Performance of such Contract or Agreement, in the Manner directed by the said recited Act, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to declare such Contract or Agreement null and void, and to cause the said Rates and Duties arising within the District or Districts-comprized in such Contract or Agreement, or intended to be let to farm thereby, to be again put up to be let to form, in like Manner as herein-before is directed, and so from Time, to Time as often as such Defaulfcv as aforesaid shall be made.

---

"Powers of recited Act to extend to this Act. §4."

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for reviving and making perpetual an Act made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of Light Silver Coin of this Realm from Foreign Countries into Great Britain or Ireland; and to restrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum.

[12th July 1799.]

[14 Geo. III. Cap. 42. (revived and amended by 38 Geo. III. Cap. 59.) again revived and made perpetual.]

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for the more secure Conveyance of Ship Letters, and for granting to His Majesty certain Rates of Postage thereon.

[12th July 1799.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS it may be expedient for the Benefit of Commerce and Correspondence, that Permission be given to his Majesty's Postmaster General to receive Letters and Packets, in order to be conveyed to and from Places within his Majesty's Dominions, also to and from every or any the Kingdoms and Countries beyond the Seas, by Ships and Vessels (other than Packet Boats); and also that the Postmaster General be authorised to demand and receive certain Rates of Postage for such Conveyance of the said Letters and Packets: We, therefore, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Rates and Duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Postmaster General may forward Letters by other Vessels than Packet Boats, and take Rates for the Conveyance not exceeding Half the Rates of Packets.]

That, from and after the pasting of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's Postmaster General, and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto authorised, in his and their Discretion, to collect and receive Letters, and Packets of Letters, directed to Places within his Majesty's Dominions, also to any the Kingdoms and Countries beyond the Seas, and to forward the same by any Ships or Vessels that he, in his Discretion shall think fit (although not Packet Boats); and also, that it shall and may be lawful to and for his said Majesty's Postmaster General, and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto authorised, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to demand, have, receive, and take, for every Letter and Packet which shall be delivered to him or his Deputies for Conveyance in the Manner herein-before specified, a Sum not less than one Half Part of the Rates and Duties payable by Law for such respective Letters and Packets, if the same were conveyed by Packet Boats; and in cases where no Rate of Postage is already established, then to demand, have, receive, and take, for such Letters and Packets, Rates, as near as the same can be ascertained, equal to one Half of what is now paid for Letters sent beyond the Seas; any Law, Statute, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

[Postmaster General may take for Letters brought by other Vessels than Packet Boats, 4d. for every single Letter in Addition to the Inland Postage;]

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Postmaster General to demand, have, receive, and take for every Letter and Packet which shall be brought by Ships and Vessels (other than Packet Boats) in the Manner herein-before mentioned, from Places within his Majesty's Dominions, and from any the Kingdoms and Countries beyond the Seas into Great Britain, to be conveyed by inland Carriage or Postage, the Sum of Four-pence for every single Letter, and so in Proportion for Packets, in addition to any inland or internal Postage which may arise upon the inland Conveyance of such Letters and Packets; and for the Encouragement of the Masters of such Ships or Vessels, it shall be lawful for the Postmaster General to allow all such Masters the Sum of Two-pence a Letter or Packet upon all such Letters and Packets as they shall respectively have or take on board such Vessel or Vessels, provided such Letters and Packets shall have been delivered to them from the Post Office;

[and may allow the Masters of Vessels 2d. for]

and in like Manner, on their Arrival from Parts beyond the Seas, on their delivering unto the Deputy or Deputies of the Postmaster General for such Place or Post Town at which they shall touch or arrive, it shall be lawful to pay to such

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 76, 77. 141

[every Letter or Packet they receive from or deliver to the Post Office.]

Masters of Ships and Vessels the Sum of Two-pence a Letter or Packet for all such Letters and Packets as they shall respectively have on board; provided that such Letters and Packets shall have been regularly delivered unto the said Masters by the Deputy or Deputies of the Postmaster General, or any other Persons to be authorised by him, at the Place or Post Town from whence such Ships or Vessels have failed or departed.

[Postmaster General to cause Postage to be paid either prior to the Letters being forwarded, or on Delivery.]

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Postmaster General to cause the Rates of Postage hereby chargeable and payable to be paid either prior to such Letters and Packets being forwarded, or on Delivery thereof, as to him in his Discretion may seem meet.

[Money arising by the Rates to be paid (after deducting Expences) into the Exchequer.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise by the Rates and Duties aforesaid (except the Monies which shall be necessary to defray such Expences as shall be incurred in the Collection and Management of the same) shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, and carried to and made a Part of the Consolidated Fund, and applied to such and the same Uses as the present Rates and Duties of Postage are now, or shall be directed to be paid and applied.

[Persons sued for any Thing done under this Act may plead the General issue, &c.]

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person and Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act for repealing the Duties on Salt made in Scotland, and on Salt imported from Scotland into England and Wales, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

[12th July 1799.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks now payable for and in respect of Salt which shall be made or raised in Scotland, and also for and in respect of Salt which shall be imported from Scotland into England or Wales, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[

That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, all and singular the Duties and Drawbacks now payable for or in respect of Salt which shall be made or raised in Scotland, or which shall be imported from Scotland into England or Wales, shallceafe and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying of any Arrears thereof respectively, which may at that Time remain unpaid, or to any Fine* Penalty* or Forfeiture relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before or on sthe said first Day. of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, in lieu and instead of the said Duties by this Act repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid; unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Sums of Money, and Duties of Excise herein after mentioned; (that is to say,) For every Bushel of Salt that shall be made at any Salt Work, or raised or taken out of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit in Scotland, four Shillings; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity: For every Bushel of Salt which shall be imported from Scotland into* England or Wales, accompanied with a Certificate from the proper Officer that it hath paid the Duty of four Shillings hereby imposed for every Bushel of Salt made at any Salt Work, or raised or taken out of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit in Scotland, six Shillings; and so in Proportion for any greater or left Quantity.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of August One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the following Drawbacks and Allowances shall be made, allowed, and paid, out of the Duties by this Act imposed, under, subject, and according to all and singular the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, contained in an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise, and for repealing the Duties on Stilt, and the Drawbacks* Allowances, and Bounties, paid thereout; and for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties thereon; (that is to say*) For every Bushel of Salt which shall be mad£ in Scotland, (Rock Salt excepted,) for which all the Duties due and payable thereon shall be!paid, ror feCurcd to be paid, and which shall be duly exported from thenci to Parts beyond the Seas,* a Drawback or Allowance of four Shillings: For every bushel of Salt of the Manufacture of Scotland, which shall be used, employed, spent, and consumed, in making oxiginated muriatick Acid in Scotland, for the bleaching of Linen and Cotton, four Shillings; and so in Proportion for any greater or left Quantity: Provided always, That the said last mentioned Drawback or Allowance shall be in lieu and instead of all former Drawback or Allowance for or in respect of Salt to be used, employed, spent, or consumed, in making oxiginated muriatick* Acid in Scotland,

I4I

From Aug: z, 1799, the Dutirs and Drawbacks now payable 00 Salt made in Scotland, and imported from thence into England, shall cease, except Arrears j and instead thereof there shall be paid the* following Dai tics, viz.

For Salt made or raiftd'in Scotland, 4s. per Bufticl j and if imported into England, 6s. more.

The Drawbacks following, irb-jest to the Regulations of 38 GEO. 3. c. S9* to be paid, viz.

For Salt (except-Rock Salt) exported;

and for Salt used in making* oxiginated mu*, rutick Acid in Scotland, 4$. per Builiei,

142

Duties to beun-(Jtr the Management of the Commissioners of Excise. Money ariting from the Dutnc to l.e paid into the Exchequer.

Appropriation of the Duties to be the same as under §13. of c. 65. of this Session.

Powers of n'C^ar. 2. c. 24. ^tended to this A tt.

c. 31.

39 Geo. c. 31. xecited t

The A a 38

Geo. 3. c. 92. (except a* to the Duty of is. pir Gallon of British Spirits in Stock on June 13, 1798,) Sec. further continued to Nov. 10, iSco. licences for drilling in the Lowhnds, or for retfifying in any-Parr of Scotland, which were to continue in Force to

C. 77, 78. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

IV. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed as shall arise or become payable in England, Hull be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being; and such thereof as shall arise or become payable in Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being.

V. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies from Time to Time arising by the Duties by this Act imposed (the necessJry Charges of rsifirrg and accounting for the same respectively excepted) shall, from and after the passing of this Act, from Time to Time be paid intd the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and the said Money so paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Parc of the Consolidated Fund.

VI. And whereas the Dudes hereby repealed were, by an Act passed in this Session of Parliament, ap-

propriated and applied in Manner thereby directed be it therefore enacted, That the Dudes oh Salt hereby granted shall be appropriated and applied in such and the like Manner as the Duties hereby repealed were directed to be appropriated and applied.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which, in and by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon His Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other Law nowin Force relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining, the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such Cases for which other Provisions are made and preferred by this Act,) shall be practised, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying, the Duties by this Act imposed, and for preventing, detesting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

---

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act to continue, until the tenth Day of November one thousand eight hundred, and amend an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament*, for continuing an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries, in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, for a limited Time; and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland; and for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Spirits distilled for Consumption, and a Duty on unmalted Grain used in Distillation in Scotland.

[* c. 31.]

[12th July 1799.]

[39 Geo. 3. c. 31. recited;]

---

WHEREAS an Act was made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue until the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, videlicet, on the twenty-ninth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety- eighty for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland for a limited Time; and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland; and for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Spirits distilled for Consumption, and a Duty on unmalted Grata used in Distillation in Scotland; which was to continue in Force until the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine: And whereas it is proper and expedient that the said Act should be further continued and amended, and that further Provisions should be made for the better regulating and securing the Duties thereby continued; and for preventing Frauds and Evasions in relation thereto: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, and all the Duties thereby continued, (save and except the further Duty of Excise of one Shilling for and upon every Gallon of British Spirits found upon the first actual Survey by the proper Officer, upon or after the thirteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in the Stock, Custody, or Possession of any Distiller, Rectifier, Compounder, Dealer in or Retailer of Spirits, in any Part of Scotland\ and as shall be herein after further excepted and enacted,) and all the Powers, Provisions, Regulations, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained, (except as herein after excepted or altered,) shall from and after the said tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, be further continued and in Force, and the same are hereby further continued in Force until the tenth Day of November one thousand eight hundred exclusive.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Licence for the distilling, making, or manufacturing of Low' Wines or Spirits in the Lowlands of Scotland, or for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any Kind of Spirits, in any Part of Scotland, which shall have been granted or renewed upon or after the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight', and which was to continue in Force from the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight inclusive, to the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety*nine exclusive, shall be further continued and in Force from the said tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine inclusive, to the tenth Day of Novon-

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 7 143

krone thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine exclusive, and no longer, subject to the same Rate of July to, 1799, Duty foror in respect thereof, and under the same Terms, Conditions, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions; *urtbtr conti-Penalties, and Forfeitures, as were contained in or continued by the said Act, lave and except as is herein* j after altered and excepted; and that every Person to whom such Licence shall have been granted, and which jea t0fame Licence shall not have been or shall not be vacated upon the Conditions in the said Act expressed, shall, Kate of Duty, and he or she is hereby required, on the said tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety- payable in Ad-pine, to pay down in Advance, in ready Money, to the proper Officer appointed to receive the same, one by tW°

Moiety of the full Sum payable under such Licence, for the subsequent four Months, from the said tenth Inaalments* 1 Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to the said tenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and shall, on the tenth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, pay down, in ready Money, in Advance, the other Moiety of the said full Sum payable under 1

such Licence, for the Period aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Licence for the diddling, making, or manufacturing of Low Licences for Wines or Spirits in the Lowlands of Scotland, or for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any Kind of distilling in the Spirits, in any Part of Scotland, which shall be granted or renewed upon or after the said tenth Day- of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine inclusive, shall be and continue in Force from the said any'par/oT tenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine inclusive, to the tenth Day of Novem- Scotland, bn one thousand eight hundred exclusive; and that, upon or previous to the granting of any such Licence, granted or re. the Person or Persons applying for the same shall, before he, she, or they.be entiiLd to such Licence, pay newed, upon or down in Advance, in ready Money, to the proper Officer of Excise appointed to receive the same, one sixth ^he'irT Part of the full Sum payable under such Licence, from the said tenth Day of November one thousand seven Force to Nov. hundred and ninety-nine inclusive, to the tenth Day of January following exclusive \ and shall,* on or 10, 1800, and before the said tenth Day of January one thousand eight hundred, paydown in ready Money, in Ad- the Doty to be vance, one other sixth Part; "and shall, on or before the tenth Day of March one thousand eight hundred, ^Advance

pay down, in ready Money, in Advance, one other sixth Part 5 and shall, on or before the tenth Day of May nfta "

one thousand eight hundred, paydown in ready Money, in Advance, one other sixth Part; and shall, on or before the tenth Davof July one thousand eight hundred, pay down in ready Money, in Advance, one other sixth Part; and (nail, on. or before the tenth Day of September one thousand eight hundred, pay down in ready Money, in Advance, the remaining sixth Part of the said full Sum, payable under such Licence, from the said tenth Day of September one thousand eight hundred inclusive, to the said tenth Day* of November one thousand eight hundred exclusive.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise in Scot* Licences may land to grant Licences to all Persons applying for the same, and duly recommended and qualified to be granted lor. ere#, keep, and work Stills, in the Highlands or Scotland, within the respective Counties, Parts of Counties, Ltl, if /T the and Limits particularly specified and described in two ACte of the thirty-third and thirty-seventh Years vvjthinthe Lief the Reign of his present Majesty, from the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-ninof mjts described inclusive, until the tenth Day of November one thousand eight hundred exclusive, and no longer, upon Pay^ in 33 Geo 3. ment of the same and no higher Rate of Duty for or in respect of such Licences to which Distillers in the said 61, and^ respective Districts Were subject and liable under the said Act of the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his 37 Geo. 3. present Majesty, for the whole Year, between the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety- jo^ico, or T seven, and the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and in the same Proportion, Payment of the according to the Time or Number of Days for which the said Licences shall be granted and in Force, that same Rate of

is to say, for the Time between the said tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety- Duryasuhder

nine inclusive, and the said tenth Day of November one thousand eight hundred exclusive, and subject to the AitterA^-

and under tbt same Terms, Conditions, Regulations; Restrictions, Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures,

as were contained in the said recited Acts of the thirty-seventh, thirty-eighth, and thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, or any of them; fa ve and except that when the Licence Duty after the Licence Duty

Rate of nine Pounds shall be paid for or upon each Gallon of a Still of forty Gallons Content, such Duty on StiI *tobe'

shall be held to be the Licence Duty on the Spirits manufactured in such Still, from and after the aforesaid *0*

tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until the aforesaid tenth Day of July tainyQuantities

one thousand eight hundred, to the Extent of three thousand three hundred and twenty Gallons English of Spirits ma-

Wine Measure of Spirits of the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, and no more; that nufadured

when the Licence Duty after the said Rate of nine Pounds shall be paid for or upon each Gallon of a Still therein within* v

of forty Gallons Content, such Duty shall be held to De the Licence Duty on the Spirits manufactured in and for every*"

such Still, from and after the said tenth Day of July one thousand eight hundred, until the aforesaid Gallon above

tenth Day of November one thousand eight hundred, to the Extent of one thousand one hundred and six those Quanti-

Gaiions English Wine Measure of Spirits of the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, and ties, a Duty to

no-more; that when the Licence Duty' after the Rate of six Pounds and ten Shillings (Hall be paid be paid of

for or upon each Gallon of a Still of forty Gallons Content, such Duty shall be held to be the Li- as‘ d*

cence Duty on the Spirits manufactured in such Still, from and after the aforesaid tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until the aforesaid tenth Day of July one thousand eight hundred, to the Extent of two thousand two hundred and eighty Gallons English Wine Measure of Spirits

of the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, and no more; and that when the Licence Duty

after the said Rate of six Pounds and ten Shillings shall be paid for or upon each Gallon of a Still of forty

Gallons* Content, such Duty shall be held to be the Licence Duty on the Spirits manufactured in such

Still, from and after the said tenth Day of July one thousand eight hundred, until the aforesaid tenth Day of November one thousand eight hundred, to the Extent of seven hundred and sixty Gallons English

H4

Otvfcmrg pre«

vioua Notice, Licences may be delivered up lo be vacated.

fixerfe Officers may at any Time enter Stiilhoufts, &c. to take Account of Stock*

Spirits shall be rim immediate-

ly.from the St'dl into a Rereiver

of a Size furfi-cicrt to hold t!»e Distillatkm of a Day, and placed near the DischargeCock, and shall be locked, and not opened but to 'take Account of the Spirits, and if mixed fie fore Account taken, tube forfeited, and .*2l. per Gallon. 1‘orfeiture not to be incut red «or any small Thtflrence in gauging.

Penalty of tool. for rot providing Receivers, &c.

For every ico Gallons ct 'Wail, the Dif-

C. 78. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Wine Measure of Spirits of the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, and no more; and when any such Licence Duties shall be respectively paid for any Still-of a eiler Size, the like Proport on shall be observed respectively, as to the Quantity of Spirits for which such Licence Duty shall be held to have been paid; and that, for and upon all Spirits which shall be manufactured from such licensed Stills between the Days aforesaid, over and above the respective Quantities aforesaid, *here shall be paid on Demand by every such Distiller, a Duty at and after the Rate ot two Shillings and Sixpence for each Gallon of such surplus Spirits of the Strength aforesaid, over and above the said rt fpt £bve Licence Duties.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons licensed by the said Commissioners of Excise toeredf, keep, and work, any Still, or Stills, for the distilling, making, or manufacturing of Low Wines or Spirits, in the Lowlands of Scotland, for Consumption in Scotland, or for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any Kind of Spirits, in any Part of Scotland; or for any Person or Persons licensed by the said Commissioners of Excise, to erect, keep, and work Stills in the Highlands of Scotland, between the said tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and the said tenth Day of November one thousand eight hundred, to deliver up his, her, or their Licence or Licences to the said Commissioners, or to the proper Supervisor of the Difirict or Officer of the Division, to be

vacated upon the Condition herein after expressed, and at the Time herein after particularly mentioned; that is to say, every such Person or Persons intending to deliver up his, her, or their Licence or Licences to be. vacated, shall give to the said Commissioners, Supervisor, or Officer, fifteen Days previous Notice in Writing, signed by such Person or Persons of such Intention, before he, she, or they shall be entitled to discontinue the working of his, her, or their Still or Stills, licensed as aforesaid, and thereupon the said Commissioners, Supervisor, or Officer shall, and they are hereby respectively authorised to vacate the said Licence or Licences, but not, sooner than at and from the End of any one Calendar Month, for which Time the Licence Duty has been actually paid in Advance by such Person or Persons, and in that Case the Proportion of the Licence Duty payable for or in respe&of such Still or Stills for the unexpired Time of his, her or their Licences* during which the working of the said Still or Stills shall be discontinued, shall not be charged or chargeable upon, or payable or paid by, such Person or Persons who shall have given such No- tice as aforesaid, and ceased to work the said Still or Stills from and after the Time specified in (rich Notice.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the Officers of Excise, and each and every of them, duly constituted and appointed, shall be, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, and have Right, by Night or Day, to enter into and continue in every Stillhouse, Storehouse, Warehouse, Cellar, or other Place made use of by any Distiller, Re&ifier, or Compounder, in any Part of Scotland, for making or keeping Worts, Wash, Low Wines, or Spirits, and by gauging, measuring, or otherwise, in such Manner and by such instrument as to such Officer or Officers shall appear most proper and effectual for that Purpose, to take Account of the Quantity, Quality, and Strength of the Worts, Wash, Low Wines, and Spirits, in the Stock, Custody, or Possession of every such Distiller, Re&ifier, or Compounder, and also of the Quantity, Quality, and Strength of the Worts, Wash, Low Wines, and Spirits, which shall from Time to Time be brewed, made, distilled, rectified, compounded or kept, by such Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder, and to enter such Account, as well of the Worts, Wash, and Low Wines, as of the Spirits, in a Book or Books to be kept by such Officer or Officers for that Purpose.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Spirits made by any licensed Distiller shall be immediately nm from the Still into a proper Calk, Vessel, or other Receiver, to be provided by and at the Expence of such Distiller, and duly entered and gauged for that Purpose, which Cask, Vessel, or Receiver, shall be of a Capacity or Size sufficient to contain and hold the Whole of the Spirits which shall or may be made or distilled by such Distiller in any or each Day, and shall be placed and kept in the same House or Place where the Still is worked, and as near to the DischargeCock of such Still as conveniently may be, and not under Ground, or hid or concealed from open View; that such Cask, Vessel, or Receiver, and every Pipe, Tube, or Communication therewith connected, shall be kept locked down and secured to the Satisfaction of the proper Supervisor or Officer of Excise, and such Cask, Vessel, or Receiver shall not be opened but by such Officer, to take an Account of the Spirits contained therein, which he is empowered and required to do at the least each and every Day, (Sundays excepted,) or oftener, as he may fee cause; that all the Spirits distilled, after being run into such Cask, Vessel, or Receiver as aforesaid, shall be therein kept by such Distiller for the Space of twenty-four Hours at least, unless the same shall have been (boner taken Account of and charged with Duty by the proper Officer or Supervisor, unmixed with and separate and apart from the Stock of all other Spirits which had been before taken such Account of, on Pain of forfeiting all the Spirits so mixed before Account taken, with two Pounds per Gallon: Provided always, Thai such Forfeiture or Penalty shall not be incurred by Reason or on Account of any small Difference in or from the Manner of gauging or measuring the said Spirits, the Proof of the Cause of which Difference, and that it had arisen without Intention of Fraud or Evasion, shall be upon the Distiller or Chicner, and not upon the Officer who seized the said Spirits; and if any Distiller shall refuse or neglect to provide such sufficient Cask, Vessel, or Receiver as aforesaid, or to place the (ameas herein-before directed, or to provide sufficient Fastenings thereto, and to every Pipe from the Still therewith connected, or if such Distiller shall not run oft* all his Spirits immediately from the Still into such Cask, Vessel, or Receiver, or (hah open the same before an Account of such Spirits has been taken by the Officer, he or she, for each and every such Offence, shall forfeit and lofc the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller in the Lowlands of Scotland shall, for every one hundred Gallons of Wash prepared from any Sort of British Materials, or any Mixture therewith for

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 78.

*45

tffcr shall pro* duoc to the Excite Officer certain Quanta ties of Spirits, and for the Deficiency in Spi-

shall forfeit double.

Vo Spirits to be* removed without a Permit, on Pain of Forfeiture, with the

extracting Spirits for Consumption in Scotland^ found in his or her Custody, produce to the proper Officer of Excise at least eleven Gallons English Wine Measure of Spirits, of the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof; that every Distiller in the intermediate District hereinbefore described shall, for every one hundred Gallons of Wash prepared from Bailey, Bear, or Bigg, of the Growth of the said Counties, or any Mixture therewith, found in his or her Custody, produce to the Officer at lead nine Gallons English Wine Measure of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid; and that every Distiller in the Highland District, here- in-before described, mall, for every one hundred Gallons of Wash prepared from Barley, Bear, or Bigg, of Gabon

the Growth of the said Counties, or any Mixture therewith, found in his or her Custody, produce to the Of- and if notpaiJ ficer at least fix Gallons English Wine Measure of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid; and that in every Case - -where the Produce of Spirits extracted by any such Distiller respectively, and produced to the proper Officer of Excise, shall fall short of the respective Proportions herein before mentioned, every such Distiller shall, and he or she is hereby made chargeable with and shall pay a Duty of Excise of two Shillings for every Gallon of Spirits which shall be deficient of the respective Quantities above mentioned; and if Default shall be made on such Payment, the Distiller making such Default shall forfeit double the Amount of the said Duty by this Act imposed, for or in respect of such Deficiency.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Spirits whatever shall be sent out of the Stock, Custody, or Pofftilion of any Distiller, Rectifier, or ^Compounder, or shall be removed from the House, Building, Work, or other Place, wherein the same were made or manufactured, rectified, compounded, or kept, or shall be carried from one Place to another, by Land or by Water, without a Permit granted and signed by the proper Officer of Excise of the Division, upon a Request Note subscribed determined by the Distiller, Rectifier, or Cpm- Vessels, &c. pounder. and delivered to such Officer, specifying therein the Quantity, Quality, and Strength of such Spirits, *nd »os. per and the Package thereof, the Person from whom, the Person to whom, and the Place where, the same are to GnIion#

be sent, which Permit shall be made to correspond, in respect of the several Particulars aforesaid, with such Request Note; and shall also limit therein a reasonable Time within which the said Permit is to be in force, bn pain, of forfeiting all such Spirits as shall be sent out, removed, or carried, or found removing or carrying, without such Permit as aforesaid; which said Spirits, with the Casks, Vessels, and other Packages containing the same, and also the Vessels and Boats, Horses and ocher Castle, and Carriages, made use of in the Removal or Conveyance thereof, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and shall be forfeited and lost; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding: And if any Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder, shall fend or carry, or knowingly permit or suffer to be lent or carried, from his or her Stock, Custody, or Possession, or from the House, Building, Work, or other Place, wherein the same were made, manufactured, rectified, compounded, or kept, any Spirits whatever, without such Permit as aforesaid, or with P^mit not corresponding thereto in Quantity, Quality, or Strength, every such Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder, shall, over and above the Forfeiture of the said Spirits, if seized, forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Shillings Sterling for every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Spirits so sent out, of whatever Strength the same may be, and whether the said Spirits shall or shall tiot be seized.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller or Rectifier shall sell or send out from or in any Part of No British Spi-Scotland, any British Spirits, of a greater Degree of Strength than that of one to ten over Hydrometer ms to be sold Proof, or shall (ell or send out from or in any Part of the Lowlands of Scotland, such Spirits, in Cask, Vef- by any Distiller fel, or Package, not containing at least thirty Gallons English Wine Measure, or shall sell or send out from or in any Part of the intermediate District herein-before described, any such Spirits in Cask, Vessel, or Package, not containing at least fifteen Gallons English Wine Measure, or shall sell or send out from or in any Part of the Highland District herein-before described, any such Spirits in Cask, Vessel or other Package, not containing at least nine Gallons English Wine Measure j and that no Dealer in or Retailer of Spirits in any Part of Scotland shall sell or send out, or have or keep in his or her Custody or Possession, any British Spirits of a lower Degree of Strength than that of one in fix under Hydrometer Proof, on Pain of forfeiting all such Spirits as shall be fold, sent out, had, or kept, contrary to the Provisions aforesaid, or any of them; with the Casks, Vessels, or other Packages, containing the same, which shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller of Spirits for Consumption in Scotland shall be, and be or (he is hereby required and obliged to make, upon Oath, and to deliver to the proper Officer of Excise of the Division in which his or her Distillery is carried on, monthly and every Month, a true Entry or »«h.Pi.u.i *» Return in Writing, signed by him or her. Of the respective Quantities of Malt and unmalted Grain used by Scotland to de. such Distiller at every Mash during the preceding Month, and of the Quantity and Number of Gallons of J,vert0 the Ex' Spirits, and the Strength thereof, produced from such Malt or Grain; which said Entry or Return shall also contain the true Number of Gallons and Strength of the Spirits distilled in each Day of such Month, with the Dates of the respective Brewings thereof, on Pain to forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds for every Neglect or Refusal to make such Entry or Return upon Oath monthly and every Month, and which Oath shall be made with and administered by the Collector, Supervisor, or Officer of Collection, District, or Division, within which the said Distillery is carried on, without any Fee or Charge whatsoever to be taken or demanded for the same.

XII. And whereas it is reasonable that all Barley, Bear, or Bigg, or other Corn or Grain, which shall be used, unmalted or raw, for the Purpose of the Distillation of Spirits for Consumption in Scotland should pay c a Duty according to the Weight thereof, in lieu of that Duty which Malt now pays be it therefore nir-ther enacted, That, from and after the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the Officers of Excise, and each and every of them, duly constituted and appointed, shall be, and they are

or Re&ifier above a certain Degree of Strength, nor under a certain Quantity, nor sold or kept by a Dealer below a certain Dcgrri of Strength, on Penalty of Forfeiture.

Distillers of Spirits for Consumption in

cife Officer a monthly Ret ant on Oath of Malt and unmalted Grain used in the preceding Month, and of the Quantity

and Strength of the Spirits distilled, on Penalty of 10c 1.

Excite Officers to take an Account of Malt, and o< Grain unmalted, before put into the Malh Tun, and

I

146 C. 78, 79. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

to eftarge a Duty of is. jd. per

Cwt. on the latter, payable as lurein mentioned.

Penalty of 100L for mixing unmalted Grain with Malt, before an Account has been taken by the Excise Officer, &c.

3.C 92.

% ,4*

Distillers shall provide and affix Locks to the Head and Charge Cock of their Stills, to be locked and sealed by the Excise Officer every Saturday Nighr, and not opened till after 12 on Sunday Night.

Penalty of iool.

hereby authorised* empowered, and required, from Time to Time, to measure, weigh, and take an Account of the exact Quantity and Weight of all the Malt, and also of all the Barley, Bear, or Bigg, or other Corn or Grain, unmalted or raw, which is to be used for the Purpose of Distillation by any Distiller in any Part of Scotland, immediately before the same or any Part thereof shall be put into the Ma(h Tun, and to charge a Duty of one Shilling and three Pence for and upon every hundred Weight, or one hundred and twelve Pounds. Weight Avoirdupois, of such Barley, Bear, or Bigg, or other Corn or Grain, unmalted or raw; which Duty shall be paid by every such Distiller, at the same Time and in the same Manner, and under the like Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as the Duty upon Malt is payable or paid by him or her, if he or she is a Maker of Malt, or if such Distiller is not a Maker of Malt, at the same Time and in the same Manner, and under the like Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as the additional Duty upon Spirits by this Act continued is directed to be paid by such Distiller; and if any Distiller, Maltster, or other Person in any Part of Scotland, shall, from and after the said tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, mix any Barley, Bear, or Bigg, or other Corn or Grain, unmalted or raw, with Malt ground or unground, before the same shall have been measured or weighed, and the Account thereof taken by the proper Officer of Excise as aforesaid, or at any other Time or Times than immediately before the same is put into the Mafli Tun, which such Distiller is hereby required and obliged to do; or cause to be done, in the Presence of the proper Officer, and after having given to him twenty-four Hours previous Notice of the Intention to mash such Grain, or if any such Distiller shall neglect or refuse to give such Notice of the Intention to mash, or to keep sufficient and just Scales and Weights, or to permit the Officer use the same for the Purpose aforesaid, or shall not, when required, with a sufficient Number of his or her Servants assist such Officer in the doing thereof, he or she shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XIII. And whereas by an Act made in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, it was enacted, That if any Distiller or Distillers in Scotland shall woik or charge any Still or Stills on the Lord's 4 Day, commonly called Sunday; that is to say, that if any Still or Stills shall not be completely discharged and! worked off at or before Eleven of the Clock on Saturday Night, and shall not continue silent or un- charged till One of the Clock on Monday Morning following, or if any Still or Stills shall be found charged or at work, or filled with any Thing other than Water, between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock on Saturday Night, and One of the Clock on Monday Morning, throughout the Year, then every such Distiller or Distillers shall forfeit and lose the Sum of five hundred Pounds for each Offence, and for every Time any Still or Stills shall, on Sunday or between the Hours aforesaid, be so worked or charged;

any Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: And whereas it is necessary to make further Provision against any Distiller charging or Working his Still or Stills on Sunday, or between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock on Saturday Night and One of the Clock on Monday Morning ;’ be it therefore further enacted, That every Distiller in any Part of Scotland shall, at his or her own Expence* provide sufficient Locks, Keys, and Fastenings, to be approved of in Writing by the Surveyor or Soper-visor of the District, and shall affix the same to the Head or Heads, and Charge Ccck, of his or her Still or Stills, which are therewith to be securely locked and sealed by the Officer on each and every Saturday Night throughout the Year, before the Hour of Twelve of the Clocks and not to be opened again but by such Officer, nor until after the Hour of Twelve of the Clock on Sunday Night following; and if any such Distiller shall neglect or refuse to provide and affix such sufficient Locks, Keys, and Fastenings as aforesaid. or to pay for the same, or shall by any Means, Device, or Contrivance, open the Head or Charge Cock or his or her Still or Stills after the same shall have been locked, sealed, and secured, by the Officer as aforesaid, or shall wilfully damage any such Lock, Seal, or other Fattening, every such Distiller shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds, on Distillers for not providing and affixing Locks, or for opening the m.

---

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act for the more effectual Suppression of Societies established for Seditious and Treasonable Purposes; and for better preventing Treasonable and Seditious Practices.

[12th July 1799.]

'WHEREAS a traitorous Conspiracy has long been carried on, in conjunction with the Persons from Time to Time exercising the Powers of Government in France, to overturn the Laws, Constitution, and Government, and every existing Establishment, Civil and Ecclesiastical, both in Great Britain and Ireland, and to dissolve the Connection between the two Kingdoms, so necessary to the Security and Prosperity of both: And whereas, in pursuance of such Design, and in order to carry the same into Effect, divers Societies have been of late Years instituted in this Kingdom, and in the Kingdom of Ireland, of a new and dangerous Nature, inconsistent with Publick Tranquillity, and with the Existence of regular Government, particularly certain Societies calling themselves Societies of United Englishmen, United Scotsmen, United Britons, United Irishmen, and The London Corresponding Society: And whereas the Members of many such Societies have taken unlawful Oaths and Engagements of Fidelity and Secrecy, and used secret Signs, and appointed Committees, Secretaries, and other Officers, in a secret Manner; and many of such Societies are composed of different Divisions, Branches, or Parts, which communicate with each other by Secretaries, Delegates, or otherwise, and by means thereof maintain an Influence over large Bodies of Men, and delude many ignorant and unwary Persons into the Commission of Acts highly criminal: And whereas it is expedient and necessary that all such Societies as aforesaid, and all Societies of'

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 79. 147

the like Nature, should be utterly suppressed and prohibited, as unlawful Combinations and Confederacies, highly dangerous to the Peace and Tranquillity of these Kingdoms and to the Constitution of the Government thereof, as by Law established:' Be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Certain Societies suppressed.]

That, from and after the passing of this Act, all the said Societies of United Englishmen, United Scotsmen, United Irishmen, and United Britons, and the said Society commonly called The London Corresponding Society, and all other Societies called Corresponding Societies, of any other City, Town, or Place, shall be, and the same are hereby utterly suppressed and prohibited, as being unlawful Combinations and Confederacies against the Government of our Sovereign Lord the King, and against the Peace and Security of his Majesty's liege Subjects.

---

[

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all and every the said Societies, and also every other Society now established, or hereafter to be established, the Members whereof shall, according to the Rules thereof, or to any Provision* or Agreement for that Purpose, be required or admitted to take any Oath or Engagement, which shall be an' unlawful Oath or Engagement within the Intent and Meaning of an Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of his Majesty's ’Reign, intituled, An Act for more effectually preventing the administering or taking of unlawful Oaths, or to take any Oath not required or authorised Dy Law; and every Society, the Members whereof, or any of them, shall take, or in any Manner bind themselves by any such Oath or Engagement, on becoming or in consequence of being Members of such Society; and every Society, the Members whereof shall take, subscribe, or assent, to any Test or Declaration not required by Law, or not authorised in Manner herein after mentioned; and every Society, of which the Names of the Members, or of any of them, shall be kept secret from the Society at large, or which shall have any Committee or select Body so chosen or appointed, that the Members constituting the same shall not be known by the Society at large to be Members of such Committee or select Body, or which shall have any President, Treasurer, Secretary, Delegate, or other Officer so chosen or appointed, that the Election or Appointment of such Persons to such Offices shall not be known to the Society at large, or of which the Names of all the Members, and of all Committees or select Bodies of Members, and of all.Presidents, Treasurers, Secretaries, Delegates, and other Officers, shall not be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and to be open to the Inspection of all the Members of such Society; and every Society which shall be composed of different Divisions or Branches, or of different Parts, acting in any Manner separately or distinct from each other, or of which any Part shall have any separate or distinct President, Secretary, Treasurer, Delegate, or other Officer, elected or appointed by or for such Part, or to act as an Officer for such Part; shall be deemed and taken to be unlawful Combinations and Confederacies; and every Person who, from and after the passing of this Act, shall become a Member of any such Society, or who, being a Member of any such Society at the passing of this Act, shall afterwards aft as a Member thereof; and every Person who, after the passing of this Act, shall directly or indirectly maintain Correspondence or Intercourse with any such Society, or with any Division, Branch, Committee, or other select Body, President, Treasurer, Secretary, Delegate, or other Officer, or Member thereof as such, or who shall, by Contribution of Money or otherwise, aid, abet, or support such Society, or any Members or Officers thereof as such; shall be deemed guilty of an unlawful Combination and Confederacy.

III. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to any Declaration to be taken, subscribed, or assented to by the Members of any Society, in case the Form of such Declaration shall have been first approved and subscribed by two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, or Place, where such Society shall ordinarily assemble, and shall have been registered with the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, for such County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, or Place, for which there shall be paid a Fee of one Shilling and no more; but that such Approbation of the Justices as aforesaid shall remain valid and effectual no longer than until the next General Session for such County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, or Place, unless the same shall, on Application made by the Parties concerned, be confirmed by the major Part of the Justices present at such General Session; and if the same shall not be then and there so confirmed, the Provisions of this Act shall from thenceforth extend to such Declaration, and to all Societies or Persons subscribing the same, in so far as may relate toall Acts which may be done by them, or any of them, subsequent to the holding of such General Session.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person who, at or before the passing of this Act, shall be, or shall have been a Member of any such Society, shall be liable to any Pain or Penalty for having been a Member of such Society at or before the passing of this Act, in case such Person shall not in any Manner act as a Member of such Society at any Time after the passing of this Act.

V. And whereas certain Societies have been long accustomed to be holden in this Kingdom under the Denomination of Lodges of Free Masons, the Meetings whereof have been in great Measure directed to charitable Purposes be it therefore enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend to the Meetings of any such Society or Lodge which shall, before the passing of this Act, have been usually holden under the said Denomination and in conformity to the Rules prevailing among the said Societies of Free Masons.

VI. Provided always, That this Exemption shall not extend to any such Society, unless two of the Members composing the same shall certify upon Oath, (which Oath any Justice of the Peace or other Magistrate is hereby empowered to administer,) that such Society or Lodge has, before the passing of this Act, been usually held under the Denomination of a Lodge of Free Masons, and in conformity to the Rules prevailing among the Societies or Lodges of Free Masons in this Kingdom; which Certificate, duly attested by the Magistrate before whom the same shall be sworn, and subscribed by the Person so certifying, shall,

All Societies shall be deemed unlawful, the Members whert of shall be required to take any Oath unlaw, ful under 37 Geo 3. c.ia;. or any Oath, Test, &c. not authorised by Law j or which shall have any Members, Committees, &c. not known to the Society at large; or the Names of all the Members whereof shall not be entered in regular Books j or which shall act in ftp*-rate ordiftindt Branches;. and Members thereof, and Persons cor responding with or supporting them, guilty of an unlawful Combination. Act shall not extend to Declarations approved by two Justices, and registered with the Clerk of the Peace; provided such Approbation be confirmed at the next General Quarter Session,

Former Members not acting after passing this Act, not liable to Penalty.

Not to extend to regular Lodges of Free Masons held before passing this Act;

but two Members of each Lodge shall certify the same on Oath, and deposit such Certificate within two Mornlrs

148 C. 79. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

with the Clerk of the Peace, with whom the Name of the Society, the Names of the Members, and the Time and Place of Meet

within the Space of two Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, Shire, or Place, where such Society or Lodge hath been usually held: Provided also, That this Exemption shall not extend to any such Society or Lodge, unless the Name or Denomination thereof, and the usual Place or Places, and the Time or Times of its Meetings, and the Names and Descriptions of all and every the Members thereof, be registered with such Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, within two Months after the passing of this Act, and also on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March in every succeeding Year.

ing, shall be registered before March a 5, yearly.

VII. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace, or the Person ailing in his Behalf, in^ny such County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, Shire, or Place, is hereby authorised and required to receive such Certificate, and make such Registry as aforesaid, and to enrol the same among the Records of such County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, Shire, or Place, and to lay the same, once in every Year, before the General Session of the Justices for such County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, Shire, or Place; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices, or for the major Part of them, at any of their General Sessions, if they shall so think fit, upon Complaint made to them, upon Oath, by any one or more credible Persons, that the Continuance of the Meetings of any such Lodge or Society is likely to be injurious to the publick Peace and good Order, to direct that the Meetings of any such Society or Lodge within such County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, Shire, or Place, shall from thenceforth be discontinued; and any such Meeting held, notwithstanding such Order of Discontinuance, and before the same shall, by the like Authority, be revoked* shall be deemed an unlawful Combination and Confederacy under the Provisions of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That evety Person who, at any Time after the passing of this Act, shall* in Breach of the Provisions thereof, be guilty of any such unlawful Combination and Confederacy, as in this Acts described, shall and may be proceeded against for such Offence in a summary Way, either before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Town, or Place, where such Person shall happen to be, or by Indictment to be preferred in the County* Riding, Division, City, Town, or Place in England, wherein such Offence shall be committed, or by Indictment in the Court of Judiciary, or in any of the Circuit Courts in Scotland, if the Offence shall be committed in Scotland \ and every Person being convicted of any such Offence, on the Oath of one or more credible

Witness or Witnesses, by such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, shall be by him or them committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for such County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place, thereto remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Term of three Calendar Months, or shall be by such Justice or Justices adjudged to forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, as to such Justice or Justices shall teem meet; and in case such Sum of Money shall not be forthwith paid into the Hands of such Justice or Justices, he or they shall, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, and for Want of sufficient Distress, shall commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of such County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Town, of Place as aforesaid, for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months 5 and every Person convicted of any such Offence upon Indictment by due Course of Law, shall and may be transported for the Term of Seven Years, in the Manner provided by Law for Transportation of Offenders,*or imprisoned for any Time not exceeding two Years, as the Court before whom such Offender shall be tried shall think fit; and every such Offender, who shall be Ordered to be transported, shall be subject and liable to all Laws concerning Of* fenders ordered to be transported.

IX. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the Justice or Justices of the Peace, by or before whom any Persons Shall, in pursuance of this Act, be convicted of any unlawful Combination or Confederacy, and such Justice and Justices is and are hereby authorised and empowered (if he or they shall see Cause) to mitigat^and lessen the Punishment herein-before directed to be inflicted upon any Offender against this Act, so convicted as aforesaid, so as such Punishment be not thereby reduced to less than one Third of the Punishment hereby directed to be inflicted as aforesaid, whether such Punishment shall be by Imprisonment or Fine.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any Person who shall be prosecuted before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in a summary Way, for any Offence against this Act, and shall be convicted or-acquitted by such Justice or Justices, shall not afterwards be prosecuted, or be liable to be prosecuted, by ' Indictment or otherwise*for the same Offence; and so in like Manner any Person who shall be convicted or acauitted upon any Indictment for any Offence against this Act, shall not afterwards be prosecuted, or be liable to be prosecuted before any justice or Justices of the Peace, in a summary Way, for the same: Offence.

XI. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prevent any Prosecution by Indid~ ment, or otherwise, for any Thing which shall be an Offence within the Intent and Meaning of this Act* and which might have been so prosecuted if this Act had not been made, unless the Offender lb all have been prosecuted for such Offence under this Act, and convicted or acquitted of such Offence; save only that no Person shall be prosecuted for having been, before the passing of this Act, a Member of any Society hereby declared to be an unlawful Combination and Confederacy*if such Person shall not in any Manner, have acted as a Member of such Society after the passing of this Act.

XII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained (hdl extend to discharge any Person in Custody at the passing of this Act* or who* haying been in Custody, shall have been discharged, on Bail or Recognizance*,

Clerk of the Peace to lay such Certificate and Registry before the General Seffioruyearly, who may order any Lodge to be discontinued, if likely to be injurious to the publick Peace.

Offenders may be proceeded against, either fcmmarily before one Justice, or by Indictment.

Persons convicted before a Justice shall forfeit aol. or futfer three Months Imprisonment, and Persons convicted on Indict. ment shall be transported for seven Years.

Justices may mitigate Pu-oiihmcm.

Persons prosecuted cither before a Justice, or indicted, not liable to other Prosecution.

Offenders may be indicted, as heretofore, if not prosecutrd under this Act.

Persons in Custody or on Bad, at passing this Act, (till Halle to rrofccuucuw

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 79. 149

Penalty for permitting unJasv-ful Meetings.

Justices on Or.tfa of an unlawful Meeting be in; held, may declare the Licence of the House forfeited.

paid, shall be deemed a disorderly House under 36 Geo. 3. c. %. unless pieviouH) 1U ccr.fed*

cognizance, from any Prosecution which might have been had against such Person if this Act had not been made. '

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly permit any Meeting of any Society hereby declared to be an unlawful Combination or Confederacy, or of any Division, Branch, or Committee of such Society, to be held in his or her House or Apartment, such Person shall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, and shall, for any such Offence committed after the Date of his or her Conviction for such first Offence, be deemed guilty of an unlawful Combination and Confederacy in Breach of this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any two or more Justices of the Peace idling for any County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Town, or Place, upon Evidence on Oath that any Meeting of any Society, hereby declared to be an unlawful Combination and Confederacy, or any Meeting for any seditious Purpose, hath been held, after the passing of this Act,'at any tkmfe. Room, or Place, licensed for the Sale of Ale, Beer, Wine, or Spirituous Liquors, to adjudge and declare the Licence or Licences for selling Ale, Beer, Wine, or Spirituous Liquors, granted to the Person or Persons keeping such House, Room, or Place, to have been forfeited; and the Person or Persons so keeping such House,

Room, or Place, shall, from and after the Day of the Date of such Adjudication and Declaration, be subject and liable to all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures for any Act done after that Day, which such Person or Persons would be subject and liable to, if such Licence or Licences had expired, or otherwise determined on that Day.

XV. And whereas divers Places have of late been used for delivering Lcdtures or Discourses, and hold- Every Place for

ing Debates, which are not within the Provisions of the Act passed in the thirty-sixth Year of his MajestyY read.

Reign, for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies, but which Lectures, Dif-v ^gR^k*/*

courses, or Debates, have in many Instances been of a seditious and immoral Nature; and other Places Newspapers,

have of late been used for seditious and immoral Purposes, under the Pretence of being Places of Meeting &c. where for the Purpose of reading Books, Pamphlets, Newspapers, or other Publications/ be it further enacted. Money shall be That every House, Room, Field, or other Place, at or in which any Lecture or Discourse shall be publickly delivered, or any publick Debate shall be had on any Subject whatever, for the Purpose of raising or collecting Money, or any other valuable Thing from the Persons admitted, or to which any Person shall be admitted by Payment of Money, or by any Ticket or Token of any Kind delivered in consideration of Money or any other valuable Thing, or in consequence of paying or giving, or having paid or given, or having agreed to payor give, in any Manner, any Money or other valuable Thing, or where any Money or ocher valuable Thing shall be received from any Person admitted either under Pretence of paying for any Refreshment or other Thing, or under any other Pretence, or for any other Cause, or by Means of any Device or Contrivance whatever; and every House, Room, or Place, which shall be opened or used as a Place of Meeting,‘for the Purpose of reading Books, Pamphlets, Newspapers, or other Publications, and to which any Person shall be admitted by Payment of Money, or by any Ticket or Token of any Kind delivered in consideration of Money or other valuable Thing,* or in consequence of paying or giving, or having paid or given, or having agreed to pay or give, any Money, or other valuable Thing, or where any Money or other valuable Thing shall be received from any Person admitted either under Pretence of* paying for any Refreshment or other Thing, or under any other Pretence, or for any other Cause, or by means of any Device or Contrivance whatever; shall be deemed a disorderly House or Place within the Intent and Meaning of the said Act passed in the thirty sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies, unless the same shall have been previously licensed in Manner herein after mentioned; and the Person by whom such House, Room, Field, or Place, shall be opened or used for any of the Purposes aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, for every Day or Time that such House, Room, Field, or Place, shall be opened or used as aforesaid to such Person as will sue for the same, and be otherwise punished as the Law diredfcs in Cases of disorderly Houses; and every Person managing or conducting the Proceedings, cradling as Moderator, President, or Chairman,

at such House, Room, Field, or Place, so opened or uled as aforesaid, or therein debating, or delivering any' nifaing Books, Discourse or Lecture, or furnishing or delivering any Bock, Pamphlet, Newspaper, or other Publication as aforesaid p anffalfo every Person who shall pay, give, collect, or receive, or agree to pay, give, collect, or receive any Money, or any Thing, for or in respect of the Admission of any Person into any such House,

Reom, Field, or Place, or shall deliver out, distribute, or receive any such Ticket or Tickets, or Token or Tokensts aforesaid, knowing such House, Room, Field, or Place to be opened or used for any such Purpose as aforesaid, Stall* for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall at any Time hereafter appear, act, or behave him or herself as Mailer or Mistress, or as the Person having the Command, Government, or Management of any such House, Room, Field, or Place as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be a Person by whom the same is opened or used as aforesaid, and shall be liable to be sued or prosecuted, and punished as such, notwithstanding he or she be not in Fadl the real Owner or Occupier thereof.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Tuff ice or Justices efthe Peace of any County, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town, or Place, who shall, by Information upon Oath have Reason to suspect that any House, Room, Field, or Place, or any Parts or Part thereof, are or is opened or used for the Purpose of delivering Ledurcs or Discourses, or for -=publick l>ebate* or for the Purpose of reading Books, Pamphlets, Newspapers, or other Publications, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, to go to such House, Room, Field, or Place, and demand to be admitted therein; and in case such Justice or Justices fiullbe refilled Admittance to such House, Room, Yield* or Place, or any Part thereof, the same shall be

deemed

Penalty on Persons opening such Houses, conducting the Proceedings, debating, fur-

k Cling Money ler Admil&on*. &c. zoL

Person appearing as Matter liable to Prosecution, although not the real O ecu pit! of the House. Justices by Information on Oath, suspe£U ing any Place is opened lor letiunng, &c. it ay demand Admittance, and if rclulld*, the Place (lull,

*5°

C. 79.

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

be cVcnv-ft vlif-ordcsly, and the Person so refusing shall iQilcit 2oi.

c.

Two Jartices in Si ifion m iy grant Licences i/>r le&urinj or reading, which may be 1 evoked at any General Session.

A Justice may demand Admittance to any licensed Place, and if refused, it shall be deemed disorderly, and the Person so refusing shall forfeit aoL

Any two Justices on Evidence on Oath that any licensed Place is used for Lectures of a fed itious or immoral Tendency, &c. may declare the Licence forfeited

deemed a disorderly House or Place, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, and of the said recited Act Of the thirty-sixth Y,ear aforesaid*; and all and every the Provisions herein before and in the said recited Act contained, respecting any House, Room, Field, or Place, therein or herein before declared to be a disorderly House or Place, shall be applied to such House, Room, Field, or Place, where such Admittance shall have been refused as aforesaid $ and every Person refusing such Admittance shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XVIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town, or Place, where any House, Room, or other Building, shall be intended to be opened for any of the Purposes aforesaid, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, at their General Sessions of the Peace, or at any Special Session to be held for the particular Purpose, to grant a Licence to any Person or Persons desiring the same, to open such House, Room, or other Building, for the Purpose of delivering for Money any such Lectures or Discourse* as aforesaid, on any Subjects, the same being clearly expressed in such Licence, or for the Purpose of reading Books, Pamphlets, Newspapers, or other Publications; for which Licence a Fee of one Shilling and no more, shall be paid, and the same shall be in force for the Space of one Year and no longer, or for any less Space of Time, therein to be specified; and which Licence it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of the same County, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town, or Place, at any General Sessions of the Peace, to revoke and declare void, and no longer in force, by any Order of such Justices; a Copy whereof shall be delivered to* or served upon the Person to whom the said Licence so revoked shall have been granted, or shall be left at the House, Room, or Building, for which such Licence shall have been granted, and thereupon such Licence shall cease and determine, and be thenceforth utterly void and of no Effect.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace of any County, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town, or Place, where any such House, Room, or other Building shall be licensed, as herein provided, to go to such House, Room, or Building, so licensed, at the Time of delivering any such Lecture or Discourse therein as aforesaid, or at the Time appointed for delivering any such Lecture or Discourse, or whilst such House, Room, or Building shall be opened or used, or during the Time appointed fopufing the same as a Place for reading Books, Pamphlets, Newspapers, or other Publications as aforesaid, and demand to be admitted therein; and in case such Justice or Justices shall be refused Admittance to such House, Room, or Building, the same shall be deemed, notwithstanding any such Licence as aforesaid, a disorderly House or Place, within the Meaning of this Act; and all and every the Provisions herein-before contained, respecting any House, Room, Field, or Place, herein-before declared to be a disorderly House or Place, shall be applied to such House, Room, or Building so licensed as aforesaid, where such Admittance shall have been refused as aforesaid; and every Person refuting such Admittance shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace acting for any County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Town, pr Place, upon Evidence, on Oath, that any House, Room, or Place, so licensed and opened as aforesaid, is commonly used for the Purpose of delivering the re Lectures or Discourses of a seditious or immoral Tendency, or that Books, Pamphlets, Newspapers, pr other Publications of a seditious or immoral Nature, are there commonly kept and delivered to be read, to adjudge and declare the Licence for opening the same to have been forfeited; and such Licence shall thereupon cease and determine, and shall thenceforth be utterly void and of no Effect.

Every Abhouse, fee. to be deemed licensed for Reading; but two Justices, on Evidence on - Oath that seditious or immoral Publications are read, may declare the L;c.nee ioilciled.

Not to extend to Lectures delivered in the L'niver situs, or the Hall of ’any of the Inns ot Gourt, ice. o: by the Pro-Klfors in tircihain Cel Jrvc. Payments ro school-

XXI. Provided also, That every House, Room, or Place, licensed for the Sale of Ale, Beer, Wine, or Spirituous Liquors, shall also be deemed a House or Place licensed for the Purpose of reading Books, Pamphlets, and other Publications, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act; but nevertheless it shall be lawful to and for any two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Borough, Town, or Place, where such House, Room, or Place shall be, upon Evidence on Oath that Books, Pamphlets, or other Publications of a seditious or immoral Nature, are usually distributed for the Purpose of being read at such House, Room, or Place, to adjudge and declare the Licence or Licences for selling Ale, Beer, Wine, or Spirituous Liquors, under the Authority whereof such House, Room, or Place, shall be used for the Purpose of selling Ale, Beer, Wine, or Spirituous Liquors, to have been forfeited, and the Person or Persons so keeping such House, Room, or Place, shall, from and after the Day of the Date of such Adjudication and Declaration, be subject and liable to all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures which such Person or Persons would be subject and liable to, if such Licence or Licences had expired, or otherwise determined, on that Day for any Act done after that Day.

XXII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be conftfued to extend, to

any Lecture or Discourses to be delivered in any of the Universuies of these Kingdoms by any Member thereof, or any Person authorised by the Chancellor, Vice Chancellor, or other proper Officers of such Universities respectively, or to any Lecture or Discourse to be delivered in the Publick Hail of any of the Inns of Court or Chancery, by any Person authorised by the Benchers of the Inns of Court, or by the Pro-feflors in GreJfjam College; and that no Payment made to any Schoolmaster, or other Person by Law allowed to teach and instrud Youth, in respect of any Lectures or Discourses delivered by such Schoolmaster or other Person for the Instruction only of such Youth as shall be committed to his Instruction, shall be deemed a Payment of Money for Admission to such Lectures or Discourses, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

r.c; canal Payments lor Admission to Lectures.

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 79. 151

XXIII. And whereas many Societies, established of late Years for treasonable and seditious Purposes, and especially the said Societies of United Englishmen, United Scotsmen, United Irishmen^ and United Britonsr and the said Society called The London Corresponding Society, and other Corresponding Societies, have at various Times caused to be published, in great Quantities, divers printed Papers of an irreligious, treason- able, and seditious Nature, tending to revile our holy Religion, and to bring the Protection and Worship thereof into Contempt among the Ignorant, and also to excite Hatred and Contempt of his Majesty's Royal Person, Government, and Laws, and of the happy Constitution of these Realms, as by Law established, and utterly to eradicate all Principles of Religion and Morality; and such Societies have dispersed such printed Papers among the lower Ciafles of the Community, either gratis, or at very low Prices, and with an Activity and Profusion beyond all former Example: And whereas all Persons printing or publishing aliy Papers or Writings are by Law answerable for the Contents thereof, but such Responsibility hath oflate been in a great Degree eluded by the secret Printing and Publication of such seditious, immoral, and irreligious Papers or Writings as aforesaid, and it is therefore highly important to the Publick Peace that it should in future be known by whom any such Papers shall be printed ;* be it enacted, That, from and after the Expiration of forty Days from the Day of passing this Act, every Person having any Print* ing Press, or Types for Printing, shall cause a Notice thereof, signed in the Presence of, and attested by one Witness, to be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace acting for the County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Borough, Town, or Place, where the same shall be intended to be used, or his Deputy, according to the Form prescribed in the Schedule hereunto annexed; and such Clerk of the Peace, or Deputy respectively, shall, and he is hereby authorised and required to grant a Certificate in the Form prescribed in the Schedule hereunto annexed, for which such Clerk of the Peace, or Deputy, shall receive the Fee of one Shilling, and no more, and such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, shall hie such Notice, and transmit an attested Copy thereof to one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State; and every Person who, not having delivered such Notice, and obtained such Certificate as aforesaid, shall, from and after the Expiration of forty Days next after the passing of this Act, keep or use any Printing Press or Types for Printing, or having delivered such Notice, and obtained such Certificate as aforesaid, mall use any Printing Press or Types for Printing in any other Place than the Place expressed in such Notice, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XXIV. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to his Majesty's Printers for England and Scotland, or to the Publick Presses belonging to the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge respectively.

Univ

Printers shall give a Notice in the Form in the annexed Schedule (No. IV.) to the Clerk of the Peace, who grant a Certificate, (in Form of No. V.) and file the Notice, and transmit an attested Copy to the Secretary of State.

Penalty of aol. for keeping Preflt s or Types without Notice, or using them la any Place not expressed therein. Not to extend to his Majesty's Printers, or the ties in England.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Expiration of forty Days after the passing of this Act, every Person carrying on the Business of a Letter Founder, or Maker or Seller of Types for Printing, or of Printing Presses, shall cause Notice of his or her Intention to carry on such Business to be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Borough, Town, or Place, where such Person shall propose to £arry on such Business, or his Deputy, in the Form prescribed in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, shall, and he is hereby authorised and required thereupon to grant a Certificate in the Form' also prescribed in the said Schedule, for which such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, shall receive a Fee of one Shilling, and no more, and shall file such Notice, and transmit an attested Copy thereof to one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State; and every Person who shall, after the Expiration of the said forty Days, carry oil such Business, or make or sell any Type for Printing, or Printing Press, without having given such Notice, and obtained such Certificate, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall sell Types for Printing, or Printing Presses, as aforesaid, shall keep a fair Account in Writing, of all Persons to whom any such Types or Presses shall be sold, and shall produce such Accounts to any Justice of the Peace who shall require the same; and if such Person shall neglect to keep such Account, or shall refuse to produce the same to any such Justice, on Demand in Writing to inspect the same, such Person shall forfeit and lose, for such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Expiration of forty Days after the passing of this Act, every Person who shall print any Paper or Book whatsoever, which shall be meant or intended to be published or dispersed, whether the same shall be sold or given away, shall prim upon the Front ofavery such Paper, if the same shall be printed on one Side only, and upon the first and last Leaves of 1 every Paper or Book which shall consist of more than one Leaf, in legible Characters, his, or her Name, and the Name of the City, Town, Parish, or Place, and also the Name (if any) of the Square, Street, Lane, Court, or Place, in which his or her Dwelling House or usual Place of Abode shall be; and every Person who shall omit so to print his Name and Place of Abode on every such Paper or Book printed by him, and also every Person who shall publish or disperse, or assist in publishing or dispersing, either gratis or for Money, any printed Paper or Book, which shall have been printed after the Expiration of forty Days from the passing of this Act, and on which the Name and Place of Abode of the Person printing the same shall not be printed as aforesaid, shall, for every Copy of such Paper so published or dispersed by him, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds.

If.

An Account shall be kept of Types and Priming Prefics fold, and to be produced when required on Penalty of 20l.

The Name and Abode of the Printer shall be primed on every Paper or Book.

Printers omit* ting so to do, and Persons difpeifing Papers without such Name and Place of Abode, shall forfeit 20k

---

152 C. 79. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

[Not to extend to Papers printed by Authority of Parliament.]

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Papers printed by the Authority and for the Use of either House of Parliament.

---

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That et'ery Person who, from and after the Expiration of forty Days after the passing of this Act, shall print any Paper for Hire, Reward, Gain, or Profit, shall carefully preserve and keep one Copy (at least) of every Paper so printed by him or her, on which he or she shall write, or cause to be written or printed, in fair and legible Characters, the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons by whom he or she shall be employed to print the same; and every Person printing any Paper for Hire, Reward, Gain, or Profit, who shall omit or ntgleftto write, or cause to be written or printed as aforesaid, the Name and Place of his or her Employer on one of such printed Papers, or to keep or v, preserve the same for the Space of six Calendar Months next after the Printing thereof, or to produce and

riiuVingTo p*». shew the same to any Justice of the Peace, who, within the said Space of six Calendar Months, shall require duce the Copy to see the same, shall, for every such Omission, Neglect, or Refiifel, forfeit and lofc the Sum of twenty within six Pounds.

Months.

Winters shall keep a Copy of evuy l‘4jitr tiny print, and write thereon the Name and Ahrde of their Employtr. Penalty of aol. for Neglect, or

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person, to whom or in whose Presence any printed Paper, not having the Name and Place of Abode of any Person printed thereon, in Manner herein-before directed, or having a fictitious or false Name or Place of Abode printed thereon, shall be sold, or oftcied for Sale, or shall be delivered gratis* or offered so to be, or shall be passed, fixed, or left in any publick Place, or in any other Manner exposed to publick View, to seize and detain the Persons so felling or offering to fell, or delivering or offering to deliver, or passing, fixing, or leaving in any publick Place, or in any other Manner exposing to publick View, any such printed Paper as aforesaid, and forthwith to take and convey him or her before some Justice of the Peace for the County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Borough, Town, or Place, where such Person shall be seized, or to deliver him or her to some Constable or other Peace Officer, to be taken and conveyed before such Justice as aforesaid, to the Intent that such Justice may hear and determine whether such Person hath been guilty of any Offence against this Act.

XXXI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to the Impreftion of any En-to impreifioM of graving, or to the printing by Letter *Press, of the Name, or the Name and Address, or Business or Proses-Xngrav.np, or ston^ ^any persons^ an(] Articles in which he deals, or to any Papers for the Sale of Estates or Goods by Auction, or otherwise.

I’trfors felli n 5, Jc;. any I’aper without the Name and Abode of the Printer, may be taken before a Justice to determine whether they have cfftncUd against this Act.

Not to extend

the printing Names and Addresses, &c.; nor toaitecany Provisions respecting Newspapers.

A Justice may empower a Peace Officer to search (or PreftVs and Types lie fof. pe£U to be illegally used, and to feizt them and the printed Papas found.

Prosecutioni to be commenced within three Months after

XXXII. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter or vary any Rule, Regulation, or Provision contained in any Act of Parliament now in force respecting the printing, publishing, or distributiqg any printed Newspaper, or other printed Paper.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Justice of the Peace, acting for any County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Borough, own, or Place, shall, from Information upon Oath, have Reason to suspect that any Printing Press or Types for Printing is or are used or kept for Use without Notice given and Certificate obtained as required by this Act, or in any Place not included in such Notice and Certificate, it shall be lawful for such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to direct, authorize, and empower any Constable, Petty Constable, Borsholder, Headborough, or other Peace Officer, in the Day Time, with loch Person or rerfofts as shall be called to his Assistance, to enter into any such House, Room, and Place, and search for any Printing Press or Types for Printing; and it shall be lawful for every such Peace Officer, wish such Assistance as aforesaid, to enter into such House, Room, or Place, in the Day Time accordingly, and to seize, take, and carry away, every Printing Prels found therein, together with all the Types and other Articles thereto belonging, and used in Printing, and all printed Papers found in such House, Room, or Place.

XXXIV. Provided always, That no Person shall be prosecuted or sued for any Penalty imposed by this Act, unless such Prosecution shall be commenced, or such Action shall be brought, within three Calendar Months next after such Penalty shall have been incurred.

Penalty Is incurred.

Recovery of Penalties.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That any pecuniary Penalty imposed by this Act, exceeding the Sum of twenty Pounds, may be sued for and recovered, determined by any Person who will sue for the same, by Action of Debt, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, if such Penalty shall have been incurred in England or Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed* and in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland\ if such Penalty shall have been incurred in Scotland, \n which Action it shall be sufficient to declare or alledge that the Defendant is indebted so the Plaintiff in the Sum of twenty Pounds, (being the Sum demanded by such Action,) being forfeited by an Act, made and passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act [Herejet forth the Title of toe Afl]y and the Plaintiff if he shall recover in any such Action, shall have his full Costs; and any pecuniary Penalty imposed by this Act, and not exceeding the Sum of twenty Pounds, and for the Recovery whereof no Provision is herein-before contained, shall and may be recovered before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Stewartry, Ridine, Division, City, Town, or Place, in which the same shall be incurred, or the Person having incurred the same shall happen to be, in a summary Way; and in case such last mentioned Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, such Justice or Justices shall, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Scab, and directed to any Constable or other reace Offiqcr, cause the same to be levied by Distrefe and Sale of the

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 79. 153

Offender’s Goods and Chattels, together with all Costsand Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and in case no sufficient Distress can be had or made, such Justice or Justices shall commit the Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for such County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Borough, Town, or Place, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding six Calendar Months, nor less than three Calendar Months.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall, when recovered, either by Action in any Court, or in a summary Way before any Justice, be applied and disposed of in Manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, one Moiety thereof to the Plaintiff in any such Action, or the Informer before any Justice, and the other Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors*

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Action and Suit which shall be brought or commenced against any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Constable, Peace Officer, or other Person or Persons, for any Thing done or aSed in pursuance of this Act, shall be commenced within three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards; and the Venue in every such Action or Suit shall be laid in the proper County where the FaS was committed, and not else where; and the Defendant or Defendants in *very such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced after the Time limited for bringing the same, or the Venue shall be laid in any other Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and in such Case, or if the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants upon the Merits, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Action after Appearance, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs; which he or they shall and may recover in such and the same Manner as any Defendant can by Law in other cases.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That Convictions by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, for Offences against this Act, and Adjudications of Forfeitures of Licences to be made in pursuance of this Act, and Notices and Certificates delivered and granted in pursuance of this Act, shall or may be in the several Forms set forth for such Purposes respectively in the Schedule to this Act annexed.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall and may be repealed in the Whole, or in any "J* rc~ Part thereof, or in any Manner altered or amended, during the present Session of Parliament.

Application of Penalties.

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

Double Costs*

Convictiont, &c. to be in the Forms In the annexed Sche.

; (N6.LII.11L)

The SCHEDULE to which the annexed Act refers,

I. FORM of Conviction of an unlawful Combination and Confederacy

M

to wit,

7 BE it remembered, That on this AB. of

Day of in the

is duly convicted before me, [or us].

Year of the Reign of of his Majesty's

Justices of the Peace for in pursuance of an Act of the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of

ling George the Third, [set forth the Title of the Act], for that the said A.B. after, the passing of the said Act, to wit, on the, Day of at did, contrary to the said Act, become a

Member of [or, as the Case may be, aS as a Member of, or maintain Correspondence or Intercourse wither by Contribution of Money or otherwise, abet or support] a Society [describing the Society], which Society is an unlawful Combination and Confederacy within the Intent and Meaning of the said Act: Wherefore I

(or we] the said do adjudge, that he the said A.B. do pay [or, be imprisoned] as a

fcnalty for his Offence, in pursuance of the said Act.

Given under my Hand and Seal [or our Hands and Seals]* this Day of in the Year of

our Lord and in the Year of the Reign of his Majesty King

II. FORM of Adjudicature of Forfeiture of Licence to Jell Ale, &c.

. ? BE it remembered. That on this Day of in the Year of the Reign of

t® w»t. J a- present Majesty, A.B. of being a Person licensed to sell [as the Case may be], is duly

convicted before us, two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of in pursuance

«fan AS of the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of [fetforth the Title of the Act], for that he the said

A.B. on at did permit *a Meeting of a Society [describing the Society], which is an

unlawful Combination and Confederacy within the Intent and Meaning of the said Act, to be held at being the House [as the Case may be], of the said A Z?. wherein he the said A.B. is licensed to fell.[01* the Case maybe]: Wherefore, we the said do adjudge and declare that the Lienee [or. Licences,

as the Case may be] is for, are] for such Offence forfeited. Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of

and in the

Year of the Reign of his Majesty King

in the Year of of r Lord

154 C. 79. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

III. FORM of Conviction of having or ujinz a Printing Press. or Types for Printing, without Notice, or using the same in a Place not specified in such Notice, or not keeping Accounts as required by the Act, or any other Offence against the Act.

M ? pE it remembered. That on this Day of in the Year of the Reign of,

10 Wlt* 5 A.B. of is duly convicted before me [or, us] of his Majesty's

Justices of the Peace for in pursuance of an Act of the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, [set forth the Title of the Act], for that the said A.B. on the Day of

at t did, contrary to the said Act, keep [or, use, as the Case may be]. a Printing Prese [or. Types

for Printing; or, carrying on the Business of a Letter Founder, or Maker or Seller of l^ypes, or Printing Presses], not having given such Notice, and obtained such Certificate, as by the said Act is required, [or, in being a Place not specined in any Notice given by the said A.B. in pursuance of the said Act, whereupon he had obtained such Certificate, as by the said Act is required; or, not keeping an Account of a Person to whom the said A B. sold Printing Types, or, a Printing Press, as the Case may be; or not printing his Name, &c. as the Case may require; or, not keeping a Copy of a Paper printed by him for Hire, Reward, Gain, or Profit, to wit, a Paper [describing it] which the said A.B. printed, &c. or, not producing a Copy of a Paper printed, &c. or specifying any other Offence against the Act. and the Time and Place when and where the same was committedj: Wherefore I [or, we] the said do adjudge

that he the said A.B. do pay the Sum of as a Penalty for his Offence* in pursuance of the said Act.

Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of in the Year of our Lord

and in the Year of the Reign of His Majesty King

IV. FORM of Notice to the Clerk of the Peace, that any Person keeps any Printing Prest or Types for Printing.

To the Clerk of the Peace for [here insert the County, Stewartry. Ridings Division>

City, Borough, Town, or Place\ or his Deputy.

I A.B. of do hereby declare. That I have a Printing Press and Types for Printing,

, which I propose to use for Printing, within [as the Case may reauire], and which I require to be

entered for that Purpose, in pursuance of an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, [set forth the Title of the Act.]

Witness my Hand, this Day of

Signed in the Presence,) of S

V. FORM of Certificate that Notice has been given of a Printing Press, or Types for Printing.

T Clerk [or Deputy Clerk] of the Peace for do hereby certify. That

x A.B. of hath delivered to me a Notice in Writing, appearing to be signed by him, and

attested by C. t). as a Witness to his signing the same, that he the said A.B. hath a Printing Press and Types for Printing, which he proposes to use for Printing, within and which he has required

to be entered, pursuant to an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, [set forth the Title of the Act].

Witness my Hand, this Day of

VI. FORM of Notice to the Clerk of the Peace. that any Person carries on the Business of a Letter Foundery or Maker or Seller of Types for Printing, or of Printing Prejfes.

To the Clerk of the Peace for [as the Case may be]. or his Deputy.

I A.B. of do hereby declare. That I intend to carry on the Bufinefe of a Letter Founder of

x Maker or Seller of Types for Printing, or of Printing Presses, [as the Case may be]y at and I hereby require this Notice to be entered in pursuance of an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, [set forth the Title of the Act].

Signed in the Presence / of J

VII. FORM of Certificate that the above Notice has been given

j G. H. Clerk [or Deputy Clerk] of the Peace for [as the Case may be], do hereby certify, That A1B* of x hath delivered to me a Notice in Writing, appearing to be fiened by him, and attested by

E. F. as a Witness to his signing the same, that he intends to carry on the Bunness of a Letter Founder, or Maker or Seller of Types for Printing, or of Printing Prelles, at and which Notice he has

required to be entered in pursuance of an Act of the thirty-ninth Year of his Majesty King George the Third, [set forth the Title of the Act].

---

Witness my Hand, this ________ Day of ________.

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 80. 155

CAP. LXXX.

An Act for better regulating the Manner of carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast of Africa.

[12th July 1799.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to regulate the shipping and carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast of Africa: Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[From Aug. 1, 1799, no British Vessel shall carry Slaves from the Coast of Africa, unless entered for that Purpose at Port of Clearance.]

That, from and after the first Day of August next after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Master or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any British Ship or Vessel whatever, which shall clear out from any Port of this Kingdom, to take or have on board, or to convey, carry, bring, or transport Slaves from the Coast of Africa to any Part beyond Sea, in any such Ship or Vessel, unless such Ship or Vessel shall, at the Time of her so clearing out, have been entered for such Purpose at the Custom House of the Port from whence such Ship or Vessel cleared out.

[The whole Space between Decks of such Vessels shall be allotted for the Slaves; and after two Thirds of the Complement of Slaves are taken on board, no Stowage shall be put into the Place allotted for them.]

II. And be it further enacted, That in every such Ship or Vessel, the whole Space between Decks shall be allotted and properly prepared for the Reception of such Slaves; and that after any such Ship or Vessel shall have taken two third Parts of her Complement of Slaves on board, in the Proportion herein after to be limited, no Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Stores, shall ever be stowed or put in any such Place in which any such Slaves shall be.

[The Space between Decks allotted for Slaves shall be five Feet high.]

III. And be it further enacted, That in every such Ship or Vessel, the said Space between Decks so allotted for the Reception of Slaves shall be, in every Part throughout the whole Length and Breadth thereof, of the full and complete perpendicular Height of five Feet, measuring from the upper Surface of the Lower Deck to the under Surface of the Upper Deck.

[Vessels of one Deck shall have a false Deck fixed In the Hold.]

IV. And whereas Ships or Vessels having only one Deck, are Sometimes used for shipping and carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, be it further enacted, That in all such Vessels a false Deck shall be fixed in the Hold for the Reception of the Slaves; which shall be taken and considered as her Lower Deck for the Purposes of this Act.

[No Vessel shall clear out till the proper Officer of the Customs shall have admeasured it as herein described, and certified the same to the Collector.]

V. And be it further enacted, That no Ship or Vessel shall be permitted to clear out from any Port in Great Britain, for the Purpose of shipping and carrying Slaves from Africa, until the proper Officer of the Customs at such Port shall have examined and admeasured such Ship or Vessel, and shall have certified in Writing to the Collector of his Majesty's Customs at such Port, the Height between Decks, and also the extreme Length and Breadth, in Feet and Inches, of the Lower Deck of the said Vessel; which Length and Breadth being multiplied together, the Product shall be deemed and considered to be the true Superficial Contents of the said Deck; and the said Contents so obtained, being divided by Eight, the Quotient in Whole Numbers shall express the greatest Number of Slaves which the said Vessels shall be permitted to have on board at any one Time (for which Certificate he shall be entitled to demand and receive the Sum of ten Shillings from the Master or Owner of the said Vessel);

[Certificate shall be annexed to the Clearance, and produced before any Slave shall be landed.]

and the said Certificate, verified as to the Calculation of the Number to be taken on board by the Examination and Signature of the Collector, shall be annexed to the Clearance of the said Vessel, and shall be produced therewith to the Collector or Comptroller, or other proper Officer of the Customs, at every Port in the West Indies or America, belonging to his Majesty, at Which the said Vessel shall arrive, before any Slave or Slaves shall be permitted to be landed out of the said Vessel at any such Port.

[Vessels shall have painted on their Stern the Words 'Allowed to carry Slaves,' and the Number they are permitted to carry.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That every such Ship or Vessel, previous to her being cleared out, shall have painted in White or Yellow Letters, of a Length not less than four Inches, upon a Black Ground, on some conspicuous Part of her Stern (provided there shall be Sufficient Space for that Purpose, but if not, in Letters as large as the Space will admit) the Words 'Allowed to carry Slaves,' the Number of Slaves expressed in the Licence annexed to the Clearance of the said Vessel being added thereto, in Figures of the same Length and Colour.

[Masters of Vessels shall forfeit 30l. for every Slave exceeding the Proportion of one Slave for every eight square Feet of the Lower Deck.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Master or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, to take or have on board at any one Time, or to convey, carry, bring, or transport Slaves from the Coast of Africa to any Part beyond the Sea, in any such Ship or Vessel, in any greater Number than in the Proportion of one such Slave for every eight Square Feet of the Superficial Contents of the Lower Deck of such Ship or Vessel, ascertained as herein-before directed; and if any such Master or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, shall act contrary hereto, such Master or other Person as aforesaid shall forfeit and pay the Sum of thirty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, for each and every such Slave exceeding in Number the Proportions herein-before limited, one Moiety whereof shall go to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety thereof shall go to any Person or Persons who shall first sue for the same.

[No greater Number of]

VIII. And whereas great Mortality has been found to occur among the Slaves from their having been subjected to a Confinement more than usually close and severe in consequence of the Weakness of the

156 C. 80. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

[Slaves than in the Proportion of ten to each Person composing the Crew shall be taken on board.]

Crews of some of the Vessels employed in transporting them: Be it further enacted, under the Penalty aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful to carry away from the Coast of Africa, on board any such Ship or Vessel, any greater Number of Slaves than in the Proportion of ten to each of the Mariners or other free Persons composing the Crew, who shall, at the Time of clearing Outwards for the Voyage, belong to the said Vessel, and be actually serving on board thereof, and that all such Seamen shall so remain until the Arrival of the said Vessel at her first Port of Delivery in the West Indies, (Death and unavoidable Accidents only excepted).

[If more than two Fifths of the Slaves be Children, five of the Surplus shall be deemed equal to four Slaves.]

IX. Provided always, That if there shall be in any such Ship or Vessel any more than two fifth Parts of the Slaves who shall be Children, and who shall not exceed four Feet four Inches in Height, then every five such Children over and above the aforesaid Proportion of two Fifths, shall be deemed and taken to be equal to four of the said Slaves, within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

[No Cargo of Slaves, of what ever Dimensions the Vessel, shall exceed 400.]

X. Provided always, That the Number of Slaves taken or to be taken on board any Vessel, of any Measurement whatsoever, in consequence of the Regulations and Allowances of this Act, shall in no case exceed four hundred.

[Act shall not extend to the taking of Slaves on board in cases of Shipwreck, Mutiny, or any Distress of the Vessel.]

XI. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the Case of a Ship taking on board any Number of Slaves that shall be found shipwrecked, or from on board any other Ship or Vessel where, by reason of Mutiny or Insurrection among the Slaves or the Crew, or by Failure of Hands, or by any actual Distress of the Vessel, the Master or Commander shall be disabled from governing the Ship or continuing the Voyage, the Proof of which shall lie upon the Master or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel so taking on board such Slaves.

[Masters of Vessels shall not remove False Decks for the Reception of Slaves, till such Slaves are landed, on Penalty of 200l.]

XII. And be it further enacted, That after the Surveying Officer shall have examined and measured any Ship or Vessel, as herein-before directed, it shall not be lawful for the Master or Owner thereof to remove, or cause to be removed, any Floor or False Deck which shall have been fixed in the Hold for the Reception of Slaves, as herein-before directed, except for the Purpose of loading or unloading his said Vessel on the outward-bound Voyage, or other unavoidable Necessity; or to do, or cause or suffer to be done, any other Matter or Thing whereby the Height of the Places or Apartments allotted for the Reception of Slaves shall be diminished, until all the Slaves which shall have been taken on board such Ship or Vessel shall have been discharged or landed therefrom, under the Penalty of two hundred Pounds for every such Offence.

[Masters of Vessels, before they land any Slaves in the West Indies, shall give in a written Declaration to the Officer of the Customs of the greatest Number of Slaves permitted to be carried in such Vessels,]

XIII. And be it further enacted, That on the Arrival of any such Ship or Vessel in any Island in the West Indies belonging to or under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, from the Coast of Africa, carrying or conveying any such Slaves as aforesaid, the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel shall, before any of the said Slaves shall be unshipped or landed from such Ship or Vessel, repair to the nearest Custom House, and there give in a written Declaration to the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, (who is hereby required to accept and preserve the same,) of the greatest Number of Slaves permitted to be carried in such Ship or Vessel, and shall at the Same Time shew to such Officer the Certificate annexed to the Clearance thereof, and shall also give in a written Declaration to the said Officer, (who is hereby required to accept and preserve the same,) containing an exact and true Account of the greatest Number of such Slaves, (distinguishing the Number of Males and Females, and Specifying the Number of such Slaves as shall exceed the aforesaid Height of four Feet four Inches,) who are or shall have been at any one Time in or on board such Ship or Vessel, before, when, or after such Ship or Vessel quitted or departed from the Coast of Africa for that Voyage;

[and if they land Slaves contrary hereto, shall forfeit 500l.]

and if such Master or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, shall unship or land, or shall cause to be unshipped or landed, or shall wilfully permit or suffer to be unshipped or landed, any such Slaves, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Master or other Person as aforesaid shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, for every such Offence, and one Moiety of the said Forfeiture shall go to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety shall go to the Person or Persons who shall first sue for the same;

[Officers of the Customs shall take an Account of the Slaves on board such Vessels, &c. on Penalty of 500l.]

and it shall and may be lawful for such Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, and he is hereby required, to search or to cause Search to be made in every Part of such Ship or Vessel, to see and to take an Account of the Number of such Slaves on board such Ship or Vessel, and to Specify in such Account the Number of Males and Females, and also the Number of Slaves not exceeding four Feet four Inches in Height, and without Delay to transmit such Account, attested under his Hand and Seal, to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in London, under the Penalty of five hundred Pounds.

[Where there is no Officer of the Customs, any Civil Officer may receive the Declaration of the Master, &c.]

XIV. Provided always, That in case the said Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs shall be absent, or that there shall be no such Officer in any such Island where the said Ship shall arrive as aforesaid, or in case there shall be no other Officer of the Revenue, then any Civil Officer in the said Island shall be, and he is hereby authorised and required, upon Application as aforesaid, to receive and preserve the said Declaration of the Burthen of such Ship as aforesaid, and to perform all the other Duties aforesaid, which the said Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs is hereby required to perform.

[Penalty on making or procuring false Declaration. Misdemeanor punishable by Fine and Imprisonment.]

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person making any Declaration by this Act authorised or required to be made, shall therein be guilty of wilful Falsehood, or if any Person shall procure or suborn any Person to become guilty of such, wilful Falsehood, every such Person shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor,

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 80. 157

and shall be punished by such Fine as the Court, before whom such Offender shall have been tried and convicted, shall think fit to order or adjudge, and also by Imprisonment for any Time not exceeding twelve nor less than three Calendar Months, from the Time of such Sentence.

[No Vessel shall carry any Slaves, unless entered for that Purpose at clearing out, nor unless the Surgeon give Bond to keep a Journal of the Slaves during the Voyage;]

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Master or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, to take or have on board such Ship or Vessel, or convey, carry, bring, or transport any Slaves from the Coast of Africa to any Parts beyond the Seas, in any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, unless the Surgeon of or belonging to such Ship or Vessel shall have given Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and shall have left the same in the Hands of the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs in the Port from whence such Ship or Vessel shall depart for such Voyage to the Coast of Africa, in the penal Sum of one hundred Pounds, with Condition that such Surgeon shall keep a regular and true Journal, containing an Account of the greatest Number of Slaves which shall have been at any Time during such Voyage on board such Ship or Vessel, from the Time of the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel on the Coast of Africa as aforesaid, until her Arrival at the Port of her Delivery, distinguishing the Number of Males and Females, and of the Deaths of any such Slaves or Crew of the said Ship or Vessel, and of the Cause thereof, during the Voyage, from the first Departure of the said Ship or Vessel to her Arrival on the Coast of Africa, during her Stay on the said Coast, and after her Departure from thence to the said Port of Delivery, or during such Time as such Surgeon shall have been on board such Ship or Vessel;

[Journal shall be delivered to the Officer of the Customs, at the first British Port of Arrival, &c.]

and that the said Surgeon shall deliver such Journal to the Collector or other Officer as aforesaid, at the first British Port where such Ship or Vessel shall arrive after leaving the Coast of Africa, and shall deliver in a written Declaration of the Truth of such Journal, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, to such Collector or other Officer as aforesaid, who is hereby required to accept and preserve the same;

[Officer shall deliver to the Master a Copy of his Declaration, and to the Surgeon a Copy of his Journal, and transmit Duplicates to the Commissioners of the Customs.]

and such Collector or other Officer as aforesaid shall deliver to such Master or other Person as aforesaid, and to such Surgeon respectively, Copies of the Declaration of such Master or other Person, and of such Surgeon as aforesaid, and also of the said Journal; which Copies shall severally be attested (as true Copies) by such Collector or other Officer as aforesaid, under his Hand and Seal, and Duplicates of the said Copies (attested in like Manner) shall be transmitted by the said Collector or other Chief Officer to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in London; and if such Master or Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel shall carry his Cargo of Slaves to, and land the Whole or any Part in any Port or Ports not Subject to the Crown of Great Britain, and shall afterwards arrive at any British Island or Port, having delivered the Whole or any Part of his said Cargo, such Master or other Person, and also the Surgeon of such Ship or Vessel, shall make the same Declaration, deliver in the same Journal to, and take the same Oaths before, the Collectors or other Chief Officers of the Customs, or Civil Officer of the Island or Port, and receive the same attested Certificate, in like Manner as if he had first arrived at such Island or Ports and if the said Ship or Vessel shall not arrive at any British Island or Port before her Return to Great Britain, then the said Master or other Person, and Surgeon, shall make the said Declaration, deliver in the said Journal to, and take the said Oaths before, the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs of the Port where they shall first land, which the Collector or Chief Officer is hereby empowered and required to receive and administer; and the said Collector or other Chief Officer shall forthwith transmit the same to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in London;

[Masters or Surgeons acting contrary hereto, shall forfeit 100l.]

and if such Master or Surgeon shall act contrary hereto, such Master or Surgeon shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, one Moiety whereof shall go to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety thereof shall go to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same.

[If Penalty on Masters be not paid within 14 Days, their Vessels may be seized and sold.]

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, shall be convicted of any one of the said Offences before mentioned, and shall not within the Space of fourteen Days, pay or cause to be paid into the Hands of the proper Officer of the Court wherein the Offence shall be prosecuted, in order that the same may be applied in Manner herein directed, the Amount of the Penalty on such Conviction, it shall and may be lawful for any Admiral or other Commander at Sea of any of the Ships of War or other Ships having Commission from his Majesty, or from his Heirs or Successors, or for any Governor of any Island or Plantation to his Majesty belonging, in America or the West Indies, or for any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs, to seize and detain the said Ship or Vessel wherever found, and to convey the same to the Custom House nearest to the Place where she shall be found, and the Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs of such Custom House shall, and he is hereby required to cause every such Ship or Vessel to be sold publickly by Auction, and the Produce arising by such Sale thereof, to apply towards satisfying the said Penalty, and if there shall remain any Overplus, to pay the same over to such Person or Persons as shall prove his, her, or their Property therein, or to his, her, or their lawful Assigns.

[On Arrival of Vessels in America or the West Indies, the Owners shall give Bond for Payment of Penalties, &c.]

XVIII. And whereas it may happen that the Master or other Person having the Command of such Ship or Vessel so prosecuted and convicted, may be unable to pay such Penalty or Penalties incurred, be it enacted, That as soon as such Ship or Vessel shall arrive in any of the said Islands, and due Notice of such Arrival, shall have been given at the Custom House thereof, the Owner or Owners of the said Ship or Vessel, or his, her, or their Factor or Agent to whom such Ship and Cargo are consigned, shall give Bond, in the penal Sum of five thousand Pounds, to the Collector or other Officer of the Customs, for the full and just Payment of such Penalty or Penalties as may be awarded against such Captain or other Officer by the Verdict of a Jury.

[Vessels shall not be admitted to Entry till Bond is given, &c.]

XIX. And it is hereby enacted, That no such Ship or Vessel shall be permitted or suffered to enter or clear inwards until such Bond shall be first given; and it shall be lawful for any Officer of the Customs to detain such Ship or Vessel with all her Cargo on board, until such Bond shall be entered into as before required.

158 C. 80. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

[Suits shall be commenced within one Month.]

XX. Provided always, That no Suit against such Captain or other Officer shall be prosecuted in any Island, unless the same shall be commenced within one Month, after due Notice given of the Ship's Arrival to the Collector or other Officer of the Customs in the said Island.

[No Vessel shall be cleared out a second Time, till an attested Copy of the Declaration of the Master, and Journal of the Surgeon, &c. of the preceding Voyage, shall be deposited with the Collector at the Port of Clearance for such preceding Voyage.]

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Ship or Vessel which shall be cleared out from any Port in Great Britain, for the Purpose of shipping and carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, after the first Day of August next after the passing of this Act, shall be permitted to be cleared out again for the same Purpose, until an attested Copy of the Declaration of the Master, and also of the Journal of the Surgeon, and also the Muster Roll of the said Vessel for or during her last preceding Voyage to the said Coast of Africa, shall have been deposited with the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs at the Port from which she sailed on such last preceding Voyage.

[Where Penalties may be sued for.]

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the several Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in any Court of Vice-Admiralty in any Part of America, or in any Island in the West Indies, wherein any such Offence shall have been committed, or wherein any such Ship or Vessel shall have disposed of the Whole or any Part of her Cargo, or in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh.

[If any Person take the Command of a Vessel, who is not qualified as herein directed, he, and also the Owner, shall forfeit 500l.]

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of August next after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Person to become a Master, or take or have the Command or Charge of any such Ship or Vessel, at the Time he shall clear out from any Port of Great Britain, for purchasing and carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, unless such Master or Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, shall have made Oath, and delivered in to the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, at the Port where such Ship or Vessel shall clear out, a Certificate, attested by the respective Owner or Owners of the Ships or Vessels in which he has formerly served, that he has already served in such Capacity during one Voyage, or shall have served as Chief Mate or Surgeon during the Whole of two Voyages, or either as Chief or other Mate during three Voyages, in purchasing and carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, under Pain that such Master or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, and also the Owner or Owners who shall hire or employ such Person, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

[Former Acts recited,]

XXIV. And whereas by an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and Several preceding. Acts, it is enacted, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, it should not be lawful for any Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel to insure any Cargo of Slaves, or any Part thereof, on board the same, against any Loss or Damage, save and except the Perils of the Sea, Piracy, Insurrection, or Capture by the King's Enemies, Barratry of the Master and Crew, and Destruction by Fire, and that all and every Policy of Insurance thereafter made contrary to the said Act should be, and the same are thereby declared to be null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: And whereas the Owners of Ships, and others concerned in the Trade to Africa, understanding that it was merely intended by the above mentioned Provision of the said Act, to prescribe and specify the particular Kinds of Loss and Damage for which alone an Indemnity should thereafter be recoverable in respect to Cargoes of Slaves, and not to interfere with, or vary the particular Forms of the Policies of Insurance whereby such Insurances had been theretofore effected, have continued to make Insurances on the Perils and Dangers allowed to be insured by the said Act, in the same general Terms as are contained in the common Policies theretofore used in other Insurances on Ships and Goods: And whereas Doubts have arisen reflecting the Validity of such Insurances so made on Cargoes of Slaves, on Account of the Policies whereby the same are effected not being expressly restrained to the particular Perils and Dangers which are by the said Provision of the said Act alone saved and excepted as the Subjects of lawful Insurance: For Remedy whereof, and for the more effectual Security of such Persons, be it therefore enacted,

[and nothing therein shall make void Insurances made in the same general Terms as other Insurances;]

That nothing in the said Act, or any former Act contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make void any Insurance already made, or which hereafter shall be made, upon Ships, Slaves, Goods, and Merchandize, in the same general Terms with the Policies now commonly made use of in all other Insurances on Ships and Goods; (that is to say,) on Account of their expressing to be made "against the Risks and Perils of the Seas, Men of War, Fire, Enemies, Pirates, Rovers, Thieves, Jettisons, Letters of Mart and Countermart, Surprisals, Takings at Sea, Arrests, Restraints, and Detainments of Kings, Princes, and People, of what Nation, Condition, or Quality soever, Barratry of the Master and Mariners, and of all other Perils, Losses, and Misfortunes, that have or shall come to the Detriment or Damage thereof."

[but under them no Damages shall be recoverable in certain Cases.]

XXV. Provided nevertheless, That under such Policies of Assurance so made or to be made, no Loss or Damage shall hereafter be recoverable on Account of the Mortality of Slaves by natural Death or ill Treatment, or against Loss by throwing overboard of Slaves on any Account whatsoever, or against Loss or Damage by Restraints and Detainments by Kings, Princes, People, or Inhabitants of Africa, where it shall be made appear that such Loss or Damage has been occasioned through any Aggression for the Purpose of procuring Slaves, and committed by the Master of any such Ship, or by any Person or Persons commanding any Boat or Boats, or Party or Parties of Men belonging to any such Ship, or by any Person or Persons acting by the Direction of any such Master or Commander respectively.

[No Vessel shall be cleared out that has not a]

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no such Ship or Vessel shall be allowed to clear out, unless it shall appear to the Collector, or other principal Officer of the Customs at the Port, that there is one Surgeon at least engaged to proceed on board such Ship or Vessel, and unless such Surgeon shall have produced and

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 80. 159

[Surgeon who has passed his Examination, &c.]

delivered to such Collector, or other principal Officer of the Customs, a Certificate or Warrant of his having passed his Examination at Surgeons Hall, or at some publick or County Hospital, or at the Royal College of Physicians, or Royal College of Surgeons at Edinburgh, or shall have served as a Surgeon or Surgeon's Mate in his Majesty's Fleet or Armies, of which Certificate or Warrant the said Collector, or other principal Officer, shall give to the said Surgeon an attested Copy gratis.

[Before any Vessel is cleared Outwards, the Master, Officers, and Mariners, shall execute Articles of Agreement in the Forms hereunto annexed; and no other Form shall be used on Penalty of 50l.]

XXVII. And, for the better Regulation, Encouragement, and Preservation, of the Health of the Officers and Seamen employed in Ships or Vessels trading to the Coast of Africa for Slaves, and from thence to the West Indies and America; be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of August next after the passing of this Act, before any Ship or Vessel shall proceed to Sea, the Master, Officers, and Mariners, shall sign and execute Articles of Agreement and a Muster Roll, in the Presence of, and witnessed by the Clearing Officer, and one of the Tidesmen of the Port from whence the Ship departs, and a Duplicate of the Articles of Agreement and Muster Roll, duly signed and executed, shall be delivered to the aforesaid Clearing Officer, in order to its being lodged with the proper Officer in the Custom House, according to the Forms hereunto annexed; which Agreement shall be conclusive to all Parties for the Time contracted for, and no other Form whatsoever of Articles of Agreement, or Muster Roll, shall be used under the Penalty of fifty Pounds, one Half to be paid to the Use of Greenwich Hospital, and the other Half to the Informer, or other Person who shall sue for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record.

[Muster Roll shall be regularly kept, &c.]

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That a Continuation of the Muster Rolls shall be regularly and duly kept during the Voyage, also a Log Book, wherein all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Charges against any Officer or Seaman, shall be regularly entered, and signed by the Master, Chief Mate, and Surgeon; which said Log Book, and the said Muster Roll, shall, on the Arrival of the Ship or Vessel at her discharging Port in Great Britain, be delivered in to the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, together with the written Declaration of the Truth thereof, which Declaration the Collector or other Chief Officer, as aforesaid, is hereby required to accept and preserve;

[Penalty for signing false Muster Rolls, &c. 100l. and six Months Imprisonment.]

and if any Master, Chief Mate, or Surgeon, shall be convicted of signing false Muster Rolls, Articles of Agreement, or Log Book, he or they shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and shall also suffer six Months Imprisonment.

[No Officer, &c. shall be turned over or discharged, but under the Circumstances herein mentioned.]

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Officer, Mariner, or Seaman, shall be turned over or discharged, upon any Pretence whatsoever, unless into his Majesty's Ships of War, or to assist a Ship in actual Distress, which is to be certified by the principal Officers of both Ships concerned, and an Agreement made in Writing with the said Officers or Men so lent, or upon Preferment, or under ill State of Health, with the Consent of the Party, for which a Certificate shall be given from the Captain of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels, if any are present, or in their Absence two Justices of the Peace, or the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs at the Place or Port where such Ship or Vessel shall be, or shall first arrive, which Certificate shall be returned with the Muster Roll and Log Book, on the Arrival of the Ship at her delivering Port in Great Britain.

[No Slops or other Articles whatever shall be supplied beyond one Fourth of the Monthly Wages.]

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Master, Commander, or other Person, shall supply the Officers or Mariners, Seamen or Seafaring Men, with more Slops, Tobacco, Spirits, or any other Article whatsoever, than to the Amount of one fourth Part of the monthly Wages of such Officer, Mariner, Seaman, or Seafaring Man.

[Regulations with regard to Officers, &c. behaving in a riotous, seditious, or mutinous Manner.]

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer, Mariner, or Seaman, shall behave in a riotous, seditious, or mutinous Manner, it shall be lawful for the Commander or Commanding Officer to put such Officer, Mariner, or Seaman into Confinement, for a Time not exceeding twenty-four Hours before the same is reported to the Captain or Commander of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels, (being present or within a convenient Distance,) who is hereby authorised to enquire into the Cause of such Complaint, and to examine upon Oath, if found necessary, and to grant such Relief or Remedy therein as the Circumstances of the Case may require; and in case none of his Majesty's Ships are present, the Cause of Complaint shall be fully examined into by the Master and two Officers, in the Presence of the Ship's Company, and if it shall be judged necessary for the Safety of the Ship and Cargo to continue the Offender or Offenders in Confinement, such Determination shall be drawn up in Writing, with the Reasons of coming to such Resolution stated at large, and signed by the Master and two Officers, which they are hereby enjoined, under the Penalty of fifty Pounds, to report without Delay to the Captain or Commander of the first Ship or Vessel belonging to his Majesty they may fall in with, and in Default thereof to report the same to the Governor or Chief Officer of any British Fort on the Coast of Africa, or to the Governor of any of the West India Islands, on their Arrival at any Port or Road therein, that such Measures may be taken to bring the Offender or Offenders to Justice, as the Nature of the Case will admit.

[Master shall cause a printed Abstract of this Act, &c. to be delivered to each of the Officers, and to be hung up in the most publick Place in his Vessel, on Penalty of 20l.]

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of every such Ship or Vessel, shall cause a printed Abstract of this Act, and also a Copy of the Schedule (A.) and of the Muster Roll respectively annexed to this Act, to be delivered to each of the Officers of the said Ship or Vessel, and also a Copy of each, videlicet, of the said Abstract, Schedule, and Muster Roll, to be hung up and affixed to the most publick Place of such Ship or Vessel, and shall cause the same to be constantly kept and renewed, so that at all Times they may be accessible to the Officers and Seamen on board of such Ship or Vessel, upon Pain that every such Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of every such Ship or Vessel, who shall neglect to affix and renew the same, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

160 C. 80. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

[If mutinous Officers, &c. be taken into Custody, in Africa or the West Indies, a Statement, upon Oath, shall be lodged with the Governor, with the Names of Witnesses. in order to the Prisoners being sent Home for Trail: And if Witnesses do not appear at the Trail, they shall incur a Penalty.]

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer, Mariner, or Seaman, charged with Mutiny or Sedition, shall be delivered over or taken in Custody by the Order of the Governor or Chief Officer of any Fort on the Coast of Africa, or the Governor of any of the Islands in the British West Indies, a full Statement upon Oath, which they are hereby empowered to administer, shall be made out and lodged with the said Governor, together with the Names of the Witnesses who are to support the Charge alledged against the Prisoner or Prisoners, in order to their being sent Home for Trial, at the next Admiralty Sessions, for the Offence or Offences alledged against him or them; and in case the said Witness or Witnesses shall neglect to appear at the Trial upon being duly summoned, he or they shall incur such Penalty as the Court shall adjudge.

[Officers, &c. shall continue in Pay till the Vessel is cleared Inwards.]

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Arrival of every Ship or Vessel at her discharging Port in Great Britain, the Officers and Seamen therein Shall be continued in full Pay and Provisions until the Ship is cleared Inwards, or their Accounts are settled and paid;

[Wages of Run Men shall go to Greenwich Hospital, &c.]

and that all Wages due to Run Men shall be forfeited, and paid, one Half to the Use of Greenwich Hospital, and the other Half to the Merchants Hospital of the Port to which such Ship belongs, and all other Forfeitures shall be applied as is specified in the Articles of Agreement; any Custom, Law, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Where Offences may be tried, and Penalties sued for.]

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That any Offence committed in Breach or Violation of this Act, may be tried in any Court of Oyer and Terminer in any County in England wherein any such Offence shall have been committed, or in case any such Offence shall have been committed on the Seas, or in Parts beyond the Seas, then in such County within which the Ship on board which such Offence shall have been committed shall have cleared out, or in the County of Middlesex; and any Penalty or Forfeiture inflicted by this Act may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, in any Court of Record in Great Britain; and in every such Action or Suit, the Party against whom Judgement shall be given (whether Plaintiff or Defendant) shall pay double Costs of Suit;

[Limitation of Actions.]

and every such Action shall and may be brought at any Time within three Years after the Offence committed, and not afterwards; and every such Action shall be carried on without wilful Delay.

[Delivery of Writs on board Vessels, shall be deemed legal Service on the Master.]

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel, shall be prosecuted on Account of any Offence committed against this Act, and the Officer whose Business it shall be to serve the Writ or Process issuing out of the Court in which such Master or other Person shall be prosecuted, shall not be able to find the said Master or other Person so prosecuted, either on board the said Vessel, or on Shore or elsewhere, of which such Officer shall give publick Notice in such Court, then, and in all such Cases, the Delivery of the said Writ or Process on board the said Ship or Vessel of which the said Person shall have had the Charge or Command, shall be deemed due and legal Service of the said Writ or Process.

[Persons taking false Oaths, shall incur the Pains of Perjury, &c.]

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person taking any Oath by this Act authorised or required to be taken, shall thereby commit wilful Perjury, or if any Person shall unlawfully procure or suborn any Person to take any Oath by this Act authorised or required to be taken, whereby such Person shall commit wilful Perjury, every such Person shall incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties as are by Law inflicted upon Persons committing wilful and corrupt Perjury or Subornation of Perjury.

[Clause in former Acts, respecting the Certificates of Qualification required to be given by Masters, recited.]

XXXVIII. And whereas by an Act, passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and which was afterwards continued by several subsequent Acts, it was enacted, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, it shall not be lawful for any Person to become a Master, or take or have the Command or Charge of any such Ship or Vessel, at the Time he shall clear out from any Port of Great Britain for purchasing and carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, unless such Master or Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel shall have made Oath, and delivered in to the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs at the Port where such Ship or Vessel shall clear out, a Certificate, attested by the respective Owner or Owners that he has already served in such Capacity during one Voyage, or shall have Served as Chief Mate or Surgeon during the Whole of two Voyages, or either as Chief or other Mate during three Voyages, in purchasing and carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, under Pain that such Master or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, and also the Owner or Owners who shall hire or employ such Person, shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds:

[Doubts arising by whom Certificates should be attested.]

And whereas Doubts have arisen respecting the Construction of the above mentioned Clause, whether the Certificate thereby required to be delivered in to the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, should be attested by the respective Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel wherein the Person or Persons then about to take the Command of the Ship or Vessel required to be cleared out, had formerly sailed in some or one of the Capacities by the said Act specified and required, or by the respective Owner or Owners of the Ship or Vessel in which such Person or Persons was or were then about to sail as the Master or Commander thereof, as believing the Facts stated in the Affidavit of such Person or Persons then about to have or take the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel to be true: And whereas, in consequence of such Doubts, the Collectors or other Chief Officers of the Customs at the Ports of London and Liverpool, doubting the Meaning and Construction of the said Acts, have required and taken Certificates attested in both the Ways before mentioned, and cleared out Ships or Vessels under each Form of Certificate, in consequence of which great Inconveniences have arisen, and Doubts have been made touching the Legality of the Policies of Insurance made upon such Ships or Vessels; be it therefore further enacted,

[Policies of Insurance made]

That nothing in the

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 80. 161

[before the passing of this Act, shall not be void by reason of Certificates given under recited Acts, &c.]

said former Acts of Parliament herein-before mentioned, or in any of them contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to impeach, invalidate, or make void any Policy or Policies of Insurance which shall have been made before the passing of this Act, by reason or in consequence of any Certificate or Certificates which have been required and given, in order to the clearing out any Ship or Vessel employed in the Slave Trade to the Coast of Africa, by the Owner or Owners of the Ship or Vessel then about to clear out and to sail, or by the Owner or Owners of some other Ship or Vessel in whose Employ the Person then about to sail had been formerly employed and sailed, or to inflict any Penalty or Penalties upon the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel: Provided always, That the Matter contained in such Affidavits of the Owner or Owners heretofore made as aforesaid shall have been, and in such Affidavits as shall hereafter be made shall be, true in Substance and Matter of Fact.

[No Vessels shall be cleared out for carrying Slaves, except from the Ports of London, Liverpool and Bristol.]

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of August next after the passing of this Act, no Ship or Vessel shall be permitted to be entered or cleared Outwards, for the Purpose of shipping and carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, from any Part of his Majesty's Dominions, except the Ports of London, Liverpool, and Bristol.

SCHEDULE (A.)

I. ARTICLES of Agreement between the Matter, Officers, Mariners, Seamen, and Seafaring Men, of the Ship ________ bound from the Port of ________ upon an intended Voyage to the Coast of Africa for ________ from thence to the West Indies or America, and afterwards to ________ in Great Britain, or to her delivering Port in Europe.

FIRST, The Master does hereby covenant, agree, and engage, with the said Officers, Seamen, Seafaring Men, Landsmen, and Boys, That he will pay, or cause to be paid, to each and every of them, at the Rate of the Wages per Month, Sterling Value, as against each Person's Name is expressed in the Muster Roll.

Secondly, The said Master does further agree and engage with the said Officers, Mariners, Seamen, Seafaring Men, Landsmen, and Boys, that they shall be daily and regularly Supplied with good and wholesome Victuals, and a Portion of Wine or Spirits, as hereafter specified; the said Provisions to be issued and dressed in the usual Manner in which it is done on board his Majesty's Ships of War, and served out to the Ship's Company in the Manner following; (videlicet,)

Sunday. - One Pound and an Half of Beef, containing sixteen Ounces to the Pound, and a Pint of Flour.

Monday. - One Pound of Pork, containing sixteen Ounces to the Pound, and Half a Pint of Pease.

Tuesday. - One Pint of Oatmeal, and two Ounces of Butter, and four Ounces of Cheese; or, one Pound of Stock Fish, with one-eighth of a Pint of Oil, and a Quarter of a Pint of Vinegar, in lieu of Butter and Cheese.

Wednesday. - The same as Monday.

Thursday. - The same as Sunday.

Friday. - The same as Tuesday.

Saturday. - The same as Monday.

Each Person besides to have six Pounds of Bread per Week; and a Quarter of a Pint of Spirits, or Half a Pint of Wine, together with ________ of Water per Day during the Voyage.

In lieu of Pease and Oatmeal may be served Rice, Indian Corn, Yams, or Calavances.

In case of being put to short Allowance, the Master, Officers, and Seamen, are to be at the same Allowance of Provisions and Water, and to be allowed Short Allowance Money, at the Rate of Threepence per Day if at two Thirds Allowance, and Four-pence Halfpenny per Day per Man, if at Half Allowance, and to be paid their Short Allowance Money ten Days before the Vessel fails from the West Indies or America.

And it is hereby further covenanted and agreed by and between the said Parties, That the Master of the said Ship, at his or the Owners proper Cost and Charge, will hire and employ the Natives in their Craft, to wood and water the said Ship, during her Continuance on the Coast of Africa, if such Natives can be procured, under the Direction of a Patroon belonging to the said Ship.

And it is further agreed on the Part of the said Master, That whenever the Officers and Seamen are employed trading in Craft up the Rivers, that the said Master will, on the Part of the Owners, furnish the Parties so employed with a Sufficient Quantity of painted Canvas, or Tarpawling, for an Awning, and Provisions for the Time, in the Proportion per Diem as is set forth in the foregoing Article, with proper Utensils and Fire to dress the same; and upon Failure thereof, for every such Neglect he shall forfeit double the Value of Provisions.

The said Master does further agree and engage, That there shall be a Space reserved for two third Part's of the Ship's Company to shelter themselves while the Slaves are on board; if a Frigate-built Ship, it shall be under the Half Deck, or in the Steerage, or under a standing Awning of Wood, well caulked, in any other Ship or Vessel.

It is hereby further agreed by the said Master, That he will not, upon any Pretence whatsoever, turn over or discharge any of the Officers or Ship's Company belonging to the said Ship, unless on Promotion, or to assist a Ship actually in Distress, and not then unless properly certified as before expressed in this Act; and

C. 80. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

the said Master does hereby further agree to advance one Month's Pay to the Officers and Ship's Company, before the said Ship departs from Great Britain, at the Time of settling the River or Harbour Pay, and that the Monthly Wages shall commence from that Period: And it is further agreed by the said Master, That he will pay, or cause to be paid, one Month's Pay after the landing of the Slaves in the West Indies or America, ten Days before the sailing of the said Ship on her Homeward-bound Passage: And also the said Master engages to make the general Signal for sailing twenty-four Hours before the Departure of the said Ship, videlicet, by loosing the Foretopsail and firing a Gun.

And we the Officers, Mariners, Seamen, Seafaring Men, Landsmen, and Boys, in Consideration of the Monthly or other Wages, foregoing Stipulations and Engagements, do severally promise and agree, and bind ourselves by these Presents, to behave with due Subordination and Respect, and to obey the lawful Commands of our Commander or Superior Officers on board the said Ship, or Boats thereunto belonging, as becomes good and faithful Seamen and Mariners; and at all Places where the Ship shall touch at, put into, or anchor, during the said Voyage, to do our utmost Endeavours for the Preservation of the said Ship and Cargo, and not to neglect or refuse doing our Duty by Night or by Day, nor go out of the said Ship on board any other Vessel, or be on Shore under any Pretence whatsoever, without Leave first obtained of our Commander or Commanding Officer on board: And further, That we will on no Account whatsoever leave or desert the said Ship without the Master's Consent, (unless to serve on board any of his Majesty's Ships,) till the abovesaid Voyage be ended, and the said Ship discharged, under the Forfeiture of our Wages: And we do further agree, That when absent upon Leave, we will immediately repair on board when required so to do by our Commander, or any of our superior Officers, on Failure thereof to forfeit for such Disobedience Seven Days Pay, to be charged against our Wages, for every such Offence: And we do further agree and acknowledge, That forty-eight Hours Absence without Leave shall be deemed a total Desertion from the said Ship, and our Wages forfeited as above agreed on, unless good and sufficient Cause can be assigned for such Absence.

And it is further agreed by us the said Officers and Mariners belonging to the said Ship, That we will not demand our Wages, or any Part thereof, except the Value of a fourth Part of our Wages, to be supplied in Slops or other Necessaries, and one Month's Pay, with our Short Allowance Money, then due, in the West Indies or America, until the Arrival of the said Ship at her delivering Port, except we should be impressed or enter on board any of his Majesty's Ships, or be discharged by mutual Consent, agreeably to the foregoing Certificate, as specified in the Act.

And it is hereby further agreed by us the said Officers, Mariners, Seamen, Seafaring Men, Landsmen, and Boys, That whatever Stores, Furniture, or Apparel, each or any of us receive into our Charge belonging to the said Ship, shall be accounted for; and in case any Thing should be lost or damaged by our Negligence or Carelessness, it shall be made good to the Masters or Owners, out of the Wages of such Officers or Seamen by whose Negligence it has happened.

SCHEDULE (B.)

MUSTER ROLL.

Officers and Men's Names. - Quality. - Where born. - Age. - Years at Sea. - Time of Entry, and place where. - Time when, and Place where discharged, died, run or drowned. - Cause of Discharge, Death, or drowned. - Number of Months and Days on board. - Wages per Month. £. s. d. - Advance Money. £. s. d. - Hospital Duty £. s. d. - Amount of Slops supplied £. s. d. - Amount of Dead men's Cloaths £. s. d. - Amount of Short Allowance Money £. s. d. - Total Amount of Wages due when discharged &c. &c. £. s. d. - Amount of Run Men's Pay.

164 C. 81. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen.

[12th July 1799.]

WHEREAS great Numbers of Journeymen Manufacturers and Workmen, in various Parts of this Kingdom, have, by unlawful Meetings and Combinations, endeavoured to obtain Advance of their Wages, and to effectuate other illegal Purposes; and the Laws at present in Force against such unlawful Conduct have been found to be inadequate to the Suppression thereof, whereby it is become necessary that more effectual Provision should be made against such unlawful Combinations; and for preventing such unlawful Practices in future, and for bringing such Offenders to more speedy and exemplary Justice: May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[All Contracts heretofore entered into by Workmen for obtaining an Advance of Wages, altering the usual Time of working, decreasing the Quantity of Work, &c. illegal.]

That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Contracts, Covenants, and Agreements whatsoever, in Writing or not in Writing, at any Time or Times heretofore made or entered into by or between any Journeymen Manufacturers or other Workmen, or other Persons within this Kingdom, for obtaining an Advance of Wages of them, or any of them, or any other Journeymen Manufacturers or Workmen, or other Persons in any Manufacture, Trade, or Business, or for lessening or altering their or any of their usual Hours or Time of working, or for decreasing the Quantity of Work, or for preventing or hindering any Person or Persons from employing whomsoever he, she, or they shall think proper to employ in his, her, or their Manufacture, Trade, or Business, or for controlling or any way affecting any Person or Persons carrying on any Manufacture, Trade, or Business, in the Conduct or Management thereof, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be illegal, null, and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

[Every Workman, after passing this Act, who shall be convicted of any such Offence before one Justice, shall be committed to the Common Gaol for not more than three Months, or the House of Correction, for not more than two Months;]

II. And be it further enacted, That no Journeymen, Workmen, or other Persons shall, at any Time after the passing of this Act, make or enter into, or be concerned in the making of or entering into any such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, Writing or not in Writing, as is herein-before declared to be an illegal Covenant, Contract, or Agreement; and every Journeyman, Workman, or other Person who, after the passing of this Act, shall be guilty of any of the said Offences, being thereof lawfully convicted, upon his own Confession, or the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where such Offence shall be committed, (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and empowered to administer in such Case, and in all other Cases where an Oath is to be taken before any Justice or Justices of the Peace in pursuance of this Act,) within three Calendar Months next after the Offence shall have been committed, shall, by Order of such Justice or Justices, be committed to and confined in the Common Gaol within his or their Jurisdiction, for any Time not exceeding.three Calendar Months, or, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices, shall be committed to some House of Correction within the same Jurisdiction, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding two Calendar Months.

[as also any Workman entering into any Combination for advancing Wages, &c. or who shall endeavour to prevent any Workman from hiring himself, or to prevail on him to quit his Employment, or to prevent any Manufacturer employing when he pleases; or who shall refuse to work with any other Workman, &c.]

---

III. And be it further enacted, That every Journeyman or Workman, or other Person who shall, at any Time after the passing of this Act, enter into any Combination to obtain an Advance of Wages, or to lessen or alter the Hours or Duration of the Time of working, or to decrease the Quantity of Work, or for any other Purpose contrary to this Act, or who shall, by giving Money, or by Persuasion, Solicitation, or Intimidation, or any other Means, directly or indirectly, endeavour to prevent any unhired or unemployed Journeyman, or Workman, or other Person in any Manufacture, Trade, or Business, or any other Person wanting Employment in such Manufacture, Trade, or Business, from hiring himself to any Manufacturer or Tradesman, or Person conducting any Manufacture, Trade, or Bufnufs, or who shall, for the Purpose of obtaining an Advance of Wages or for any other Purpose contrary to the Provisions of this Act by any Means whatsoever, directly or indirectly, decoy, persuade, solicit, intimidate, influence, or prevail, or attempt or endeavour to prevail, on any Journeyman, or Workman, or other Person hired or employed, or to be hired or employed, in any such Manufacture, Trade, or Business, to quit or leave his Work, Service, or Employment, or who shall hinder or prevent, or attempt to hinder or prevent, any Manufacturer or Tradesman, or other Person, from employing in his or her Manufacture, Trade, or Business, such Journeymen, Workmen, and other Persons as he or she shall think proper, or who, being hired or employed shall refuse to work with any other Journeyman or Workman employed or hired to work therein, and who shall be lawfully convicted of any of the said Offences, upon his own Confession, or the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place where such Offence shall be committed, within three Calendar Months next after the Offence shall have been committed, shall, by Order of such Justice or Justices, be committed to and confined in the Common Gaol within his or their Jurisdiction, for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, or otherwise be committed to some House of Correction within the same Jurisdiction, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding two Calendar Months.

[and also all Persons who shall attend any Meeting for the Purpose of making any such illegal Contract, or who shall summon or endeavvour to in-]

IV. And, for the more effectual Suppression of all Combinations amongst Journeymen, Workmen, and i other Persons employed in any Manufacture, Trade, or Business,’ be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person whomsoever (whether employed in any such Manufacture, Trade, or Business, or not) who shall attend any Meeting had or held for the Purpose of making or entering into any Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, by this Act declared to be illegal, or of entering into, supporting, maintaining, continuing, or carrying on any Combination for any Purpose by this Act declared to be illegal, or who shall summons, give Notice to, call upon*persuade, entice, solicit, or by Intimidation or any other Means directly or indirectly endeavour to induce any Journeyman, Workman, or other Person employed in any Manufacture, Trade,

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 81. 165

or Business, to attend any such Meeting, or who shall collect, demand, ask, or receive any Sum of Money from any such Journeyman, Workman, or other Person for any of the Purposes aforesaid, or who shall persuade, entice, solicit, or by Intimidation or any other Means directly or indirectly, endeavour to induce any such Journey man. Workman, or other Person, to enter into or be concerned in any such Combination, or to quit or leave his Work, Service, or Employment, or who shall pay any Sum of Money, or make or enter into any Subscription or Contribution for or towards the Support or Encouragement of any such illegal Meeting or Combination, and who shall be lawfully convicted of any of the said Offences, upon his own Confession, or the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place where such Offence shall be committed, within three Calendar Months next after the Offence shall have been committed, shall, by Order of such Justice or Justices, be committed to and confined in the Common Gaol within his or their Jurisdiction, for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, or otherwise be committed to some House of Correction within the same, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding two Calendar Months.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person (whether employed as a Journeyman or Workman in any Manufacture, Trade, or Business, or not) shall at any Time after the passing of this Act pay or give any Sum or Sums of Money, or valuable Thing, as a Subscription or Contribution for the Purpose of paying any Expences incurred or to be incurred by any Person acting contrary to the Provisions of this Act, or shall, by Payment of Money or other Means, support or maintain any Journeyman, Workman, or other Person, or contribute towards his Support or Maintenance, for the Purpose of inducing him to refuse to work, or to be hired or employed in any Manufacture, Trade, or Business, and every Person who shall be guilty of any such Offence shall forfeit and lofeany Sum not exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds, and every Journeyman, Workman, and other Person, who shall collect or receive any Money or valuable Thing for any of the Purposes aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose any Sum not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds; and all and every of the said Offences shall be heard and determined in a summary Way, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where such Offence shall be committed, and the Conviction for the same may be had and made upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, and the Amount of the Forfeiture or Penalty for every such Offence shall be fixed and determined by such Justice or Justices, but not exceeding the several Sums herein-before mentioned; and in case any such Forfeiture or Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, pursuant to such Conviction, such Justice or Justices shall, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, cause the same to be levied by Di ft refs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and in case-no sufficient Distress can be had, such Justice or Justices shall, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, commit the Offender to the Common Gaol, or some House of Correction within his or their Jurisdiction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months nor less

dues, any Journeyman to attend any luuli Meeting, or who shall collect any Money,

No Person whatever rtnH contribute for any Expellees incurred for acting contrary to this Act, or towards the Support of any Person to induce him not to work, on Penalty not exceeding 10l. and every Person collecting Money for such Purposes shall forfeit not exceeding 5E

Penalty may be levied by Distress, and if not paid, the OE-

tender may he

than two Calendar Months. committed to Gaol, for not more than three nor less than two Months.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money, which at any Time heretofore have been Contributions paid or given as a Subscription or Contribution for or towards any of the Purposes prohibited by this Act, and Readymade shall, for the Space of three Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, remain undivided in the PurposesVrohi--Hands of any Treasurer, Collector, Receiver, Trustee. Agent, or other Person, or placed out at Interest, and bited by this all Sums of Money which shall at any Time after the passing of this Act be paid or given as a Subscription or Ad, pot <iivi-Contribution for or towards any of the Purposes prohibited by this Act, shall be forfeited, one Moiety thereof for three to his Majesty, and the other Moiety to such Person as will sue for the same in any of his Majesty's - Courts of ^lcr

Record at Westminster; and any Treasurer, Collector, Receiver, Trustee, Agent, or other Person, in whole IhV^iViorf^t-Hands or in whole Name any such $um of Money shall be or shall be placed out, or unto whom the same shall c.j, as a*Jo Ji ’ have been paid or given, shall and may be sued for the same as forfeited as aforesaid. future Contributions for such Purposes#

VII. And, for the better Discovery of all Sums of Money which have been or shall be paid or given for Pf^ons liable to any Purpose prohibited by this Act,’ be it further enacted, That all and every the Persons and Person who shall or may be liable by virtue of this Act to be sued for the same, shall be obliged and compellable to answer upon Oath to any Information which shall or may be preferred against them or him in any Court of Equity, by or in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General, on the Part of his Majesty, or at the Relation of any Informer, for discovering the Sum and Sums of Money so paid or given* for any of the prohibited Purposes aforesaid; and such Court shall and may make such Orders and Decrees therein as to such Court shall seem Just, and no Person shall demur to, or refuse to answer such Information, by reason of any Penalty or Forfeiture, to which such Person may be liable, in consequence of any Discovery which may be sought thereby. N

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That upon Payment into the Court, in which such Information*

shall be filed, of all the Money paid or given unto any such Treasurer, Collector, Receiver, Trustee, Mgent, or other Person for any of the prohibited Purposes aforesaid, and remaining in his Hands at the Time of filing such Informations, and upon making a full Discovery of all the Securities in*or upon which all such Money, which shall not be so remaining in his Hands, shall have been placed out or inverted, the Person or Persons paying such Money into Court, and making such Discovery, shall be acquitted and discharged from all Forfeitures and Penalties which shall or may have been incurred by him or them by reason of having roileftetl or received such Money, or otherwise acted concerning the same, and from all Actions and other Suits respecting the same, by any Person or Persons whomsoever; any Statute, Law, or Usage or any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Monies shall have Letn placed, the Party shall be discharged from Penalty

bt* sued for Mo-ncypaid for such Purposes compellable toan-fwer on Oath to any Information, pu t. rred again lb them, by or in the Name of the Attorney General.

Upon Payment into Court of the Money re-rrmin.nj in the Hands of any Person at the Time of tiling. Information, and making a DiLovtry of the* Securities upon, which otl u*

i6$

Offenders may be compelled to give Evideruo, and shall be io-I'emmfud l'iom Prosecution for any Matter relative thereto.

Justices may summon Offenders, and on their not appearing, or in the fit ft ln-stance, may issue Warrant for their Ap-prehenfjon, and cn then appearing, may determine the Matter.

Justices may summon Wir-rtffi. v, nrd oil their not appearing or re-tuiing to give Evidence, may commit them*

Convictions and Commitments shall be <lraw« up in the Foim in the Schedule annex d. Convictions shall be transmitted to the next General or General Quarter h; liions to be tiled, and if Appeal be m« de, t’ e Juf-ticcs ill.ill then procetd to hearing it.

No Certiorari to be gr.aited. Appul w..v' he inuce n* in the Judgi me r t<1 a Juihc- to the Cienciai or

C. 81. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person who shall or may offend against this Act, shall and may, equally with all other Persons, be called upon and compelled to give his or her Testimony and Evidence as a Witness or Witnesses on Behalf of his Majesty, or of the Prosecutor or Informer, upon any Information to be made or exhibited under this Act; and that in all such Cales, every Person having given his or her Testimony or Evidence as aforesaid, shall be and hereby is indemnified of, from, and against any Information to be laid, or Prosecution to be commenced, against him or her for having offended in the Matter wherein or relative to which he, she, or they, shall have given Testimony or Evidence as aforesaid.

X. And, for the more effectually enforcing and carrying into Execution the Provisions of this Ad/ be it further enacted, That on Complaint and Information on Oath before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, of any Offence having been committed against this Act, within his or their respective Jurisdictions, such Justice or Justices are hereby authorised and required to summon the Person or Persons charged with being an Offender or Offenders against this Act, to appear before such Justice or Justices, at a certain Time and Place to be specified; and if any Person or Persons so summoned shall not appear according to such Summons, then such Justices, or any one of them, (Proof on Oath having been first made before them or him, of the due Service of such Summons upon such Person or Persons, by delivering the same to him or them personally, or leaving the same at his or their usual Place or Places of Abode,) shall make and issue their or his Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Person or Persons so summoned, and not appearing as aforesaid, and bringing him or them before such Justice or Justices; or it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, if he or they shall think fit, without issuing any previous Summons, and instead of bluing the same, upon such Complaint and Information on Oath as aforesaid, to make and issue his or their Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Person or Persons by such Information charged to have offended against this Act, and bringing him or them before such Justice or Justices; and unon the Person or Persons complained against appearing upon such Summons, or being brought by virtue of such Warrant or Warrants before such Justice or Justices, then such Justices, or one of them, shall, and they or he are and is hereby authorised and required forthwith to make Enquiry touching the Matters complained of, and to examine into the same by the Oath or Oaths of any credible Person or Persons, as shall be requilitc, and to hear and determine the Matter of every such Complaint, and upon Confession by the Party, or Proof by one or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, to convict or acquit the Party or Parties against whom Complaint shall have been made as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom any such Complaint and Information shall be made as aforesaid, and he and they are hereby authorised and required, at the Request in Writing of any of the Parties, to issue his or their Summons to any Witness or Witnesses, to appear and give Evidence before such Justice or Justices, at the Time and Place appointed for hearing and determining such Complaint, and which Time and Place shall be specified in such Summons; and if any Person or Persons so summoned to appear as a Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid, shall not appear before such Justice or Justices at the Time and Place specified in such Summons, or otter some reasonable Excuse for the Default, or appearing according to such Summons, shall not submit to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, and give his or their Evidence before such Justice or Justices, touching the Matter of such Complaint, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he and they is and are hereby authorised. (Proof on Oath, in the Case of any Person not appearing according to such Summons, having been first made before such Justice or Justices of the due Service of such Summons on every such Person, by delivering the same to him or her, or leaving the same at his or her usual Place of Abode,) by Warrant under the Hands or Hand of such Justices, or one of them, to commit such Person or Persons so making Default in appearing, or appearing and refilling to give Evidence, to some Prison within the Jurisdiction of such Justice or Justices, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until such Person or Persons fljail submit himself, herself, or themselves to be examined, and give his, her, or their Evidence before such Justice or Justices as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, or by whom any Person shall be committed to Prison for not appearing as a Witness, or not submitting to be examined, shall cause all such Convictions, and the Warrants or Orders for such Commitment, to be drawn up in the Form or to the Effect let forth in the Schedule to this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices before whom any such Conviction shall be had, shall cause the same (drawn up in the Form or to the Effect herein-before directed) to be fairly written on Parchment, and transmitted to the next General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, wherein inch Conviction was had, to be filed and kept amongst the Records of the said General Sessions or General Quarter Stiffons; and in case any Person or Persons shall appeal, in Manner herein after mentioned, from the Judgement of the said Julhcc or Justices to the said General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions, the Justices in such General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions are hertby required, upon receiving such Conviction, to proceed to the Hearing and Determination of the Matter of the said Appeal, according to the Directions of this Act; and no Certiorari shall be granted to remove any Conviction or other Proceedings had thereon in pursuance of this Act.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person convicted of any Offence or Offences punishable by this Act, shall think himself or herself aggrieved by the Judgement of such Just.ce or Justices before whom he or she shall have been convicted, such Person shall have Liberty to appeal liom tvery such Conviction to the next Court of General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, which (h*dl be

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 81. 167

held for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or.Place wherein such Offence was committed, 9crcnl ^uai >er and that the Execution of every Judgement so appealed from shall be suspended, in case the Person so convicted shall immediately enter into Recognisance before such Justice or Justices (which he and they is at id are hereby authorised and required to take) with two sufficient Sureties, in the Penalty of twenty ti c City’s tn-Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, upon Condition to prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and to be rer into kc-forthcoming to abide the Judgement and Determination of the Paid next General Sessions or General Quarter c( r zmec co Sessions, and to pay such Costs as the said Court shall award on such Occasion; and the Justices in the said next P,c!e^lJu the Court of General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions are hereby authorised and icquired to hear and finally J ’. determine the Matter of the said Appeal, and to award such Costs as to them shall appear just and reasonable C

to be paid by either Party, which Decision shall be final; and if upon hearing the said Appeal, the Judgerm /it ^3, of the Justice or Justices before whom the Appellant shall have been convicted, shall be affirmed, such Appel- jf judgement be lant shall forthwith pay the Forfeiture or Penalty (if any) mentioned in such Conviction, and the Costs affirmed, the awarded to be paid by such Appellant; and in Default of Payment thereof, or in case such Conviction shall Appellant fhiil contain a Judgement of Imprisonment, such Appellant shall immediately be committed by the said Court, pay the Penalty, either to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, according to such Conviction, and for the Space fif Time &c* '

therein mentioned, without Bail or Mainprize, and also until the Payment of such Costs as shall be awarded by the said Court to be paid by such Appellant.

[Act shall not

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, take away, or abridge, the Powers and Authorities given to any Justice or Justices abridge Power of the Peace in and by any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore made and now in Force touching any Com- touch-

binations of Manufacturers, Journeymen, or Workmen, or for settling and adjusting Disputes or Differences combina-between Matters and their Journeymen, Workmen, or other Persons employed by them in any Manufacture, tions of Manu-Trade, or Business, or the Rate or Amount of Wages to be paid to such journeymen, Workmen, or farmers, &c. other Persons, or the Mode or Time of their working or being employed, or the Quantity of Work to

be done, or touching any Matter whatsoever also provided for by this Act; but that all Justices of the Peace shall continue to use, exercise, and execute, all the Powers and Authorities given to them in and by such Acts of Parliament, or any of them, in such and the same Manner as they could or might have done if this Act had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVI. Provided always, That this Act shall not extend to authorize or empower any Person or Persons to /2power

carrying on any Manufacture, Trade, or Business, to employ therein any Journeyman or Workman contrary loy*"

to the Regulations and Provisions contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament which hath or have been workmen con-heretofore made, and is and are now in Force, for settling, regulating, or directing the Manner or Method trary to the Proof conducting, managing, or carrying on any particular Manufacture, Trade, or Business, or the Work visions now in or Service of the Persons employed therein, without the previous Licence and Content in Writing of one force for regu-Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, in which such Manufacture. Trade, or Business shall be carried on, expressing the Caule or Reason of giving or granting the particular Ma-fame, which Licence it shall be lawful for one such justice to grant, whenever the qualihed Journeymen or nufailure, with Workmen usually employed in any Manufacture, Trade, or Business, shall refute to work therein for rea- out Licence sonable Wages, or to work for any particular Person or Persons, or to work with any particular Persons, or Justice>

shall, by refusing to work for any Cause whatsoever, or by misconducting themselves when employed to hereby em-work, in any Manner impede or obstruct the ordinary Course of any Manufacture, Trade, or Business, or powered to endeavour to injure the Person or Persons carrying on the same grant in case of the Misconduct of qualified Workmen.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Limitation of Person or Persons for any Thing by him, her, or them done or executed jp pursuance of this Act, or for any Actions*

Cause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Calendar

[Treble Costs.]

Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and shall be laid in the proper County; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for General Issue. his or their Defence; and if upon Trial a Verdict shall pals for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

FORM of Conviction and Commitment

BE it remembered. That on the Day of in the Year of his Majesty's Reign, and

in the Year of our Lord A.B. is convicted before me [or us, naming the Justices^] one [or two]

of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, [or Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place,] of of having [fating the Offence], contrary to the Statute made in the thirty-ninth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act, [here Jet forth the Title of the Act^\ and I [or we], the said Justice or Justices,] do hereby order and adjudge the said A.B. for the said Offence, to be committed to and confined in the Common Gaol for the said County, [or Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place,] for the Space of [or to be committed to the House of Correction at

within the said County, [or Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place,) there to be kept to hard Labour for the Space of J

Given under my [or our] Hand or Hands], the Day and Year above written.

C. 81, 82

168

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

FORM of Conviction in a pecuniary Penalty.

BE it remembered. That on [pursuing the same Form as far as the Title of this Act], and I [or we] the faui Tuft ic e [or Justices], do hereby adjudge and determine the said /l. B. for the said Offence, to forfeit and lose the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, and do order the same to be forthwith

paid by him [or her], into my [$rour] Hands, for the Use of his Majesty.

Given under [as before].

FORM of Commitment of a Person summoned as a Witness.

WHEREAS C. D* hath been duly summoned to appear and give Evidence before me [or us], [naming the Justice or Justices ivbo issued the Summons] one [or two] of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, [or Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place,] of on this

Day of at being the Time and Place appointed for hearing and determining the Complaint

made on the Oath of [the Informer or Prosecutor\ before me [or us], against A.B. of having [fating the Offence as laid in the Information], contrary to the Statute made in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Afly [here insert the Title of the Act;] And whereas the said C* D. hath not appeared before me [or us], at the Time and Place aforesaid, specified for that Purpose, or offered any reasonable Excuse for his [or her] Default: [Or, And whereas the said C.D. having appeared before me (or us), at the Time and Place aforesaid specified, for that Purpose, hath not submitted to be examined as a Witness, and give Jus (or her) Evidence, before me (or us), touching the Matter of the said Complaint, but hath refused so to do :J Therefore I [or we] the said Justice or Justices], do hereby, in pursuance of the said Statute, commit the said C.D. to the [deferring the Prison], there to remain without Bail or Main-prize for his [or her] Contempt aforesaid, until he [or she] shall submit himself [or herself] to be examined, and give his [or her] Evidence before me [or us] touching the Matter of the said Complaint, or shall otherwise be discharged by due Course of Law: And you the [Constable, or other Peace Officer or Officers to whom the Warrant is directed], are hereby authorised and required to take into your Custody the Body of the said C.D. and him [or her] safely to convey to the said Prison, and him [or her] there to deliver to the Gaoler or Keeper thereof, who is hereby authorised and required to receive into his Custody the Body of the said C. Z). and him [or her] safely to detain and keep punuant to this Commitment.

Given under my [or our] Hand or Hands] this Day of in the Year of our Lord

This Commitment to be directed to the proper Peace Officer and the Gaoler or Keeper of the Prison.

---

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, two several Acts, passed in the thirty-fourth and thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better ordering the Militia of the City of London, and for the further regulating the Trained Bands or Militia of the said City.

[12th July 1799.]

[34 Geo. 3. c. 81. 35 Geo. 3. c. 27.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

[36 Geo. 3. c. 92. recited.]

intituled, An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, two several Acts, passed in the thirty- fourth and thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better ordering the Militia of the City of London, and/or the further regulating of the Trained Bands or Militia of the said City: And whereas there are great Deficiencies of Men in the two Regiments of London Militia, arising from Desertion; and there is no Provision made in the said Act for supplying such Deficiencies, and it is expedient that some further and other Powers should be granted for carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Execution be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[The present Deficiencies in the Militia shall be supplied in the Proportions following.]

That the present Deficiencies in the said two Regiments of Militia shall be supplied by the several Wards of the said City, and the Liberties and Precincts within the same, in the Proportions following; (that is to say,)

For the East Regiment; by the Wards of

Aldgate, fourteen Men;

Bassishaw, three Men;

Billingsgate, nine Men;

Bishopsgate Within, ten Men;

Bishopsgate Without, eleven Men;

Bridge, six Men;

Broad Street, eleven Men;

Candlewick, five Men;

Coleman Street, eight Men;

Cornhill, eight Men;

Dowgate, six Men;

Langbourn, sixteen Men;

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 82. 169

Lime Street, five Men;

Portsoken, ten Men;

Tower, sixteen Men;

And, for the West Regiment; by the Wards of

Aldersgate Within and Saint Martin's Le Grand, four Men;

Aldersgate Without five Men;

Bread Street, six Men;

Castle Baynard, ten Men;

Cheap, ten Men;

Cordwainer, five Men;

Cripplegate Within, ten Men;

Cripplegate Without, eight Men;

Farringdonn Within, nineteen Men;

Farringdon Without, forty-four Men;

Queenhithe, five Men;

Vintry, five Men;

Walbrook, six Men.

---

[Commissioners

II. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty's Commissioners of Lieutenancy for the City of London, Commissionera at any of their Courts of Lieutenancy, shall, and they are hereby required to issue Precepts to the Aldermen, J? ^eutenancy Deputies, and Common Councilmen of the several Wards of the said City and the Liberties* and Precincts, t^there-within the same, requiring them to cause the Number of Men, herein-before appointed, to be raised in speflive wards* their respective Wards, to be provided; and the Aldermen or Deputies, and Common Councilmen of the to raise their several Wards aforesaid, or the major Part of them, shall provide the Number of Men directed to be raised in Proportions, their respective Wards, in the same Manner, and with the same Powers, and under and subject to the several Clauses, Regulations, Provisions, Directions, Matters, and Things, in the said Act contained, with respect to the railing of the Number of Men thereby ordered and directed to be raised.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any Militia Man serving in the said Militia shall desert or absent himself from his Duty, and shall not return or be taken within the Space of three Calendar Months from the Time of his so deferring or absenting himself, then, upon Certificate thereof from the Commanding Officer of the Regiment to which such Militia Man shall belong, to the said Commissioners of Lieutenancy, at any of their Courts of Lieutenancy, the said Commissioners shall and are hereby reauired, out of the Trophy Tax raised for the said City, within ten Days next following, to provide another Man in the Place <rf him*so deferring 5 and in case such Militia Man shall at any Time return, or be taken, he shall, notwithstanding any Person shall have been provided to serve in his Room, be compelled to serve in the same Manner, and for the same Term, as if no Person had been provided in bisJRodm. Deserters, if taken, mail be compelled to serve.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Privates serving in the said Militia shall be promoted to the Rank of Serjeants or Corporals therein, and the Commanding Officer of the Regiment in which such Private or Privates shall serve, shall certify such Promotion to the said Commissioners, then the said Commissioners shall and are hereby required, out of the Trophy Tax raised for the said City, to provide another Man or Men to serve in the Lieu and Stead of such Private or Privates so promoted; and all such Men as shall be so provided by the said Commissioners, as well as all such as have been heretofore raised by the said Commissioners in lieu of Deserters, and also such as shall be hereafter raised cithef by the Aldermen, or Deputies and Common Council, or by the said Commissioners, in pursuance of this Act, in lieu of Deserters, shall be allotted to the same Parishes as the Men were in whose Room they are or shall be respectively raised, and shall be entitled to the same Benefits in consequence of such Allotment as other Men serving in the said Militia are or shall be by virtue of the said Act, or of this present Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That in addition to the Number of Serjeants by the said A,d directed to be appointed to the said Militia, there shall be added one Serjeant to act as Serjeant Major, and one other Serjeant to ad ps Quarter Master Serjeant, to each of the said Regiments, over and above the Proportion of Serjeants and Corporals by the said Act directed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Clause in the said Act which directs that Serjeants or Corporals of the said Militia may, by Sentence of a Court Martial, be reduced to Privates, shall, be, and the same is hereby repealed; and, in lieu thereof, be it enacted, That any Serjeant or Corporal of the said Militia may, by Sentence of a Court Martial, be reduced to the Condition of a private Soldier of the said Militia, to serve as such during any Time not exceeding fifteen Calendar Months, if the Regiment shall not be then embodied or in actual Service, but if the Regiment shall be then embodied, or in actual Service, to serve as aforesaid until the same shall Be disembodied, after which Time, or at the End of the said fifteen Calendar Months, as the Case may be, if not regularly re-appoihted to the Rank of a Non-commission ed Officer, he shall be discharged from the Seryice.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Clause in the said Act, which directs how the Charges of Pay,

Cloathing, Trophies, and other incidental Expences of the said Militia are to be defrayed, shall be and the same fc hereby repealed; and, in lieu thereof, be it enacted, That for defraying the necessary Charges of Pay, Cloathing, Trophies, and other incidental Expences of the said Militia, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to continue to raise and levy, in every Year, the Proportion of one Month’s Tax, amounting to four thousand six hundred and sixty-six Pounds thirteen Shillings and four Pence, which the

If Deserters or Absenteesbenot taken or do not return in three Months, the Commissioners shall provide other Men out of the Trophy Tax.

Commissioners null provide out of the Trophy Tax Men to serve instead of those promoted.

A Serjeant Major, and a Quarter Master Serjeant, shall be added to each Regiment.

§ 31 of recited Act repealed. Non-Commissioned Officers may be reduced to Privates for a certain Time.

§ 44 of recited Act repealed. How the Pay, &c. of the Militia is to be defrayed.

170

>3 14 C. 2.

c. y

Collectors of the Month's Tax neglecting their Duty, may be fined not ex* cecding 20l.

eg of recited Act repealed from August I, next.

If non-commit liuned Officers, Drummers, or lifers, when ordered to march, leave Families behind them, they shall be relieved by the Parish Officers out of the Poor Rates.

170 C. 82. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799

said City hath been used to pay by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom; and the said Commissioners shall be accountable for the same, in Manner directed by the said Act of the thirty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and that no Warrant shall be issued for the raising of any Trophy Money, till the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of such Justices, at some General or Quarter Sessions for the said City, shall have examined and allowed the Accounts of the Trophy Money luff raised, levied, and collected, and certified such Examination of the said Accounts under the Hands and Seals of three or more of such Justices to the said Commissioners and if at any Time the said Proportion of one Month’s Tax as aforesaid shall not be sufficient for the several Purposes aforesaid, or if at any Time, on Account of the said Proportion of one Month’s Tax as aforesaid not being and in a Course of Payment, the said Commissioners shall not have sufficient funds in their Hands to answer the several Purposes aforesaid, then the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the said City, shall, and he is hereby required to issue and pay, from Time to Time, to the Treasurer appointed by the said Commissioners, upon his producing an Order of the Court of Lieutenancy for that Purpose, signed by nine Commissioners* so much Money as shall be necessary for the Purposes of training, exercising, paying, cloathing, employing, and keeping in Readiness, the said Militia, and other incidental Expences relating thereto; and the Receipt of the said Treasurer, indorsed on the said Order, shall be a sufficient Discharge to the said Receiver General for the Money so to be issued and paid by him: Provided always, That of all such Sums of Money as shall bb issued and paid by the said Receiver General, for the Purposes aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall, once in every Year, certify an Account, under the Hands of any nine or more of them, of the Expenditure thereof, to the said Receiver General; and the said Receiver General shall not issue and pay to the said Commissioners, in any succeeding Year, any further or other Sums of Money, until such Time as the Accounts of the Expenditure of all bums of Money received by them of him, in the preceding Year, shall have been duly certified to him as aforesaid, as also that the said Commissioners have used all due Diligence in the Collection and obtaining Payment of the said Proportion of one Month’s Tax as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Collectors, duly appointed for the Collection of the said Proportion of one Month’s Tax as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to perform his Duty in the Collection thereof, or having collected the same shall neglect or refuse to pay the same to the Treasurer appointed by the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City, to summon the Party before him or them, and to fine him for such his Neglect or Refusal, any Stun not exceeding the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, (in case such Fine shall not be forthwith paid,) by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any one or more of the said Justices, causing the Overplus, if any, after deducting the Charges of such Distrets and Sale, to be rendered to the Party; and the Penalty so adjudged shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, to be applied by him as they shall direct.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Clause in the said Act of the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, which directs Relief to be given to the Families of Persons serving in the said Militia* when embodied and called into actual Service, and ordered to march in Manner therein mentioned, shall be* ai.d the same is, from and after the first Day of August next, hereby repealed.

X. And whereas the Families of Men serving in the said Militia, when embodied and called out into actual Service, and ordered to march, may become chargeable to the Parishes and Liberties whereunto they are allotted; and the Families of Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers, and Fifers, serving the rein, when embodied and called out into actual Service, and ordered to march, may become chargeable to the Parish

to which they belong; and it is necessary Provision should be made for such Families;’ be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of August next, if any Person serving in the said Militia, os any Person serving in the Room or Place of any Man originally enrolled to serve therein, or any Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, or Fifer, serving the rein, shall, when embodied and called out into actual Service, and ordered to march, leave a Family unable to support themselves, and residing in the said City, or within three Miles thereof, the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, or Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Liberty to which such Person shall be allotted, shall, by Order of the Lord Mayor, or any other Magistrate of the City of London, out of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor of such Parish or Liberty, pay to such Family such weekly Allowance as to the said Lord Mayor or the said other Magistrate shall seem expedient, not exceeding the Rate of one Shilling and Sixpence per Week for each and every Child born in Wedlock, and* under the Age of ten Years 5 and not exceeding the Rate of two Shillings per Week for the Wife of such Militia Man, whether (he shall or shall not have any Child or Children, and provided (he does not follow the Regiment, and in every Parish or Liberty where the Money arising by such Rates shall not be sufficient (or the Purposes aforesaid, a new Rate or Rates shall be made for raising a Sum sufficient for that Purpose; and in case any Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, or Fifer, serving in the said Militia, who shall not be allotted to any Parish or Liberty, or whose Allotment shall have ceased by Promotion as aforesaid shall, when embodied and called out into actual Service, and ordered to march, leave a Family unable to support themselves, who shall not belong to the Parish, Liberty, Tything, or Township, where they shall dwell at the Time of being so embodied and called out into actual Service, and ordered to march as aforesaid, then the Church* warden or Churchwardens, or Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Liberty, Tything, or Township, where such Family shall dwell, shall, by the Order of some one Justice of the reace of the respective County, City, Division, or Place, out of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor of such Parish, Liberty, Tything, or Township, pay to such Family such weekly Allowance as to such Justice shall seem expedient,

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 82. 171

If the Family does not belong to the Par.fa, the Tiealur: r to the Comniif-

Relief, and of Men hereafter enrolled, orly for one Child born previous to their Enrolment. The Commissioners, 40 Days before the Time of Service of any Man is expired, shall issuea Precept for providing another Man in his Room.

not exceeding the said Rate of one Shilling and Sixpence per Week for each Child born in Wedlock, and under the Age of ten Years, and not exceeding the said Rate of two Shillings per Week for the Wife of such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, or Fifer, whether (he shall or shall not have any Child or Children, and provided (he does not follow the Regiment; and in every Parish, Liberty, Tything, or Township, where the Money arising by such Rates shall not be sufficient for such Purpose, a new Rate or Rates shall be made for raising a Sum fufneient for that Purpose; and every such weekly Allowance shall be forthwith reimbursed to the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, or Overseer or Overseers of such Parish, Liberty, Ty thing, or Township, by the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, on his or their producing and leaving with him a Certificate of the Order of the Justice, allowing such Relief, which Certificate the said Justice is hereby required to grant accordingly. sioners shall reimburse the Allowance to such Parish.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Families of the Men, serving in the said Mi- £?milies of litia, as shall not reside within the Q\ty of London^ or within the Distance of three Miles therefrom, shall not

be entitled to any Relief under the said Act of the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty* or Certain Limits of this Act; and that the Families of Persons hereafter to be enrolled to serve in the said Militia shall not not entitled to "be entitled to such Relief for more than one Child born in Wedlock previous to the Time of the Enrolment of such Persons respectively 5 and that no Order for the Relief of the Family of any Man serving in the said Militia shall be valid and effectual, unless Certificates of the Marriage and Baptisin (or of Marriage only in the Case of a Wife) shall be annexed to such Order for Relief; any Thing in the last mentioned Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, at their said Courts, shall, and they are hereby required, forty Days at the least before the Time of Service of any Man or Men serving in the said Militia shall be expired, to issue a Precept or Precepts tb the Alderman, Deputy, and Common Council Men of the Ward of the said City for which such Man or Men shall be serving, requiring them to provide another Manor Men in the Room of such Man or Men, whose Time of Service shall be so expiring; and the Alderman or Deputy, and Common Council Men of such Ward, or the major Part of them, shall provide the Man, or the Number of them specified in such Precept or Precepts accordingly, in the same Manner, and under and subject to the same Rules and Regulations, and with the like Powers and Authorities as are specified and contained in the said Act of the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the raising of Men to serve in the said Militia 5 and the Commanding Officer of each of the said Regiments is hereby empowered, from Time to Time, to discharge any Man or Men of his Regiment whose Time of Service will expire within forty Days then next ensuing, and to receive any other Militia Man or Men in his or their Room, who shall have taken the Oaths, and been enrolled according to the Directions of the said Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor shall, on Demand made in pursuance of any Order of the Justices of the Peace for the said City, made at their General or

Starter Sessions for the Payment of any bum of Money, and after the producing of the said Order to him, use or neglect to pay and satisfy the Sum or Sums of Money directed to be paid in or by such Order, every such Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor shall be subject to the same Penalty, and to be recovered and applied in like Manner, as is directed by the said Act in Cases where any Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor shall refiife to pay any Money directed to be paid by the Order of any Justice or Justices of the Peace; and if any such Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor shall feci himself aggrieved determined by any such Or-<ler of the said Justices of the Peace for the said City, made at their said General or Quarter Sessions, it shall and may be lawful for such Person to appeal therefrom to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said City, in the like Manner as is directed by the said Act in Cases of Appeal from the Order of any Justice or Justices of the Peace.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if the Treasurer to the said Commissionerp shall at any Time refuse to reimburse any Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor of any Parish, Liberty, Township, or Tything any Sum or Sums of Money paid by him in pursuance of any Order of any Justices of the Peace, for the Relief of the Family of any of the Persons serving in the said Militia, such Persons not being allotted to any Parish or Liberty, and not belonging to such Parish, Liberty, Township, or Tything, having, at the Time the same shall be demanded, Funds in his Hands applicable for that Purpose, the said Treasurer so refusing shall for every such Refusal forfeit any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, to be recovered, by the Adjudication of the Lord Mayor, of other Magistrate of the said City, in like Manner as is directed by the said Act, in Cases where any Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor shall refuse to pay any Money directed to be paid by any Order of any Justice or Justices of the Peace.

XV. And whereas by virtue and under the Authority of the said Act of the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, a Mutter Matter for the Purposes of muttering the Trained Bands of the City of London, and examining their Arms and Accoutrements, had always been appointed, which Office became unnecessary by the passing of the Act of the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better ordering of the Militia of the City of London, and it is just and reasonable that the Person who was Muster Master at the Time of the patting of the said last mentioned Act, should have some Indemnity in lieu of such Office as has been given to Mutter Matters of his Majesty's Forces on their Offices being abolished;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Thomas Greggs the Person who was Muster Master to the said Trained Blinds at the' Time of the passing of the said last mentioned Act, shall receive and be paid out of the said Proportion of one Montn’s Tax as aforesaid, Che Sum of seventy-five Pounds yearly, for and during the Term of his natural Life, to

Parish Officer* refusing to pay Money ordered at the Sessions fhfill be liable to Penalty; and if they feel aggrieved, may appeal to the next Sessions.

tf the Treasurer to the Commissioners shall re. fufc to reimburse the Parish Officers Money paid to any Families not belonging to the Parish, he shall forfeit not exceeding id.

Mr. Gregg, late Muster Mailer of the Trained Bands, to be paid 75l. yearly out of the Month’s Tax, until apjx>in*ed to some Office, of eipul Value,

ftccit?d Act, as

far as applicable, to extend 10 this Act.

[Publick Act.]

172 C. 82, 83. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

be paid to him half-yearly by the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, out of the Produce of the fa i 4 Proportion of one Month’s Tax, or until he shall be appointed by the said Commissioners to some Office of notr

less than’Equal Value; the said Payment to be computed and commence from the Time of the passing of the said Art of the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Art of the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Directions, Penalties, Matters, and Things therein contained, so far as the same are applicable, and not hereby repealed, shall be applied and put in Execution, with respect to this Art, in as full and ample a Manner as if they were here again at large repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Art.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Art shall be deemed and taken so be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices; and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

---

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for transferring to the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, the Duties now performed in the Offices of the Auditors of the Land Revenue; and for directing the Mode of attesting the Accounts of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces.

[12th July 1799.]

'WHEREAS the three Offices of Auditors of the Land Revenue' are holden under Patents from the Crown by Persons who execute the Duties of the same wholly by Deputy: And whereas it would be conducive to the Publick Service if the Accounts which are now examined and audited in the said Offices should, on the Determination of the Interests of the present Grantees of the said Offices, be examined and audited by the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[From the respective Deaths of the present Auditors of the Land Revenue, their Offices shall cease, and no Fee be afterwards taken, except as herein authorised.]

That, from and after the respective Deaths of William Henry Cooper and Frederick Grey Cooper Esquires, Sons of Sir Grey Cooper Baronet, Henry Shelly and Thomas Johnes Esquires, the present Auditors of the Land Revenue in England and Wales, the said Offices respectively, and all the Powers, Authorities, Rights, Privileges, and Advantages, by the said Patents respectively granted and given to them or to any of their Predecessors, shall cease and determine, from and after which Time no Fee, Gratuity, Perquisite, or Emolument whatever, shall be received or taken by any Person or Persons whomsoever, employed in making up, passing, or auditing any Accounts under the Authority of this Art, save and except the Fees which by the Authority of this Art are herein after authorised to be received for the Purposes therein mentioned.

[Act shall not affect any Officer of the Exchequer, except the said Auditors and Persons acting under them.]

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to assert the Rights of any Officer or Minister of the Exchequer, other than the said Auditors of the Land Revenue, or any Person or Persons acting or appointed by or under them; and also except such Variation with respect to the said Rights as may hereafter be made by Authority of this Act.

---

[If during the Patent to Mess. Cooper, a Vacancy shall happen in the Office of Auditor for Chester, fee. or Wales, the Duty shall be performed by the Deputies, subject to the Regulations of the Treasury.]

III. And be it further enacted, That, if during the Continuance of the Patent granted to William Henry Cooper and Frederick Grey Cooper Esquires, a Vacancy shall happen in the Offices of Auditor for Chester, Derby, Lincoln, and Nottingham, or in the Office of the Auditor for the Principality of Wales, by the Deaths of the said Auditors for the Counties of Chester, Derby, Lincoln, and Nottingham, and of the Principality of Wales respectively, the Duty executed in each of the said Offices shall be performed by and with the Approbation, and under the Authority and Appointment of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treamry for the Time being, or any three or more of them, by the Persons who shall then be the arting Deputies in the respective Departments, subject to such an Allotment of the Fees and Emoluments of Office, and under such other Regulations as the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall think fit to direct, and the Surplus of such Fees shall be carried to the Consolidated Fund*

On the Determination of the Interest of the Grantees, the Accounts heretofore examined in their Offices shall be examined by the Commissioners appointed under a$Ctx>. 3. c. 52.

IV. And, in order more effectually to provide, on the Abolition of any of the said Offices by virtue of this Art, upon the Determination of the Interest of the said^Grantees, for the Examination of the several Accounts heretofore examined, tried, and audited, in the respective Offices of the Auditors of the Land Revenue in England and Wales, with as little Expence as may be consistent with the Publick Interest,’ be it further enacted, That all and every the Accounts heretofore examined, tried, and audited, by or in the Offices of the several Auditors of the Land Revenue of the Crown in England and Wales, or in either of them, shall, from and after the Determination of the respective Interests of each of the said Grantees respectively, be examined, tried, and audited, by the Commissioners for examining and auditing the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom, appointed under the Authority of An Act of the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better examining and auditing the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom, who shall be, and they are hereby inverted with all the lame Powers and Authorities, for the examining, trying, and auditing the several Accounts hereinbefore mentioned, as are now vested in them by virtue of the said Art of the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty, for the examining, trying, and auditing the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom, or as are now verted in the said respective Grantees by any Law, Usage or Custom; and the said Commissioners shall also be, and they are hereby inverted with all the Powers and

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 83. 172

Authorities, and shall Be fubyedl to the Performance of the same Duties, and liable to the same Controul, which the Auditors of the Land Revenue are now by Law, Usage or Custom invested with, or are subject 7 and liable to, except as the same are or shall be affeaed or varied by this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all official Books, Papers, and Accounts whatever, which shall be All Books, remaining in either of the Offices of the Auditors of the Land Revenue, on the Abolition of each respect!- in the ft*id °f-jvely, or which have been usually or ought to have been kept therein, shall be deemed to be Publick Property, th5jrn

and shall be delivered over to such Person or Persons as the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High - uo~f a Treasurer for the Time being, shall order and direct!.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Accot*nts of the Expenditure of Publick Money, which have heretofore been passed in the Offices of the Auditors of the Land /Revenue in England and Wales, or in either of them, shall, from and after the Abolition of each Office respectively, be delivered to the Commissioners for auditing and examining the Publick Accounts, together with the Vouchers belonging thereunto, on fhcir

VI. Abolition, be delivered to the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts*

Persons in Examination upon ' Oath before the said Commissioners, who shall declare any

be Ibe Property, of the Publick. All Accounts heretofore pafTedin the said (jftict s

All Leases and Grants made after such Abolition and Af-signments. thereof, shall be enrolled in the ' Office of the said Commissioners, for which no greater Fees shall be taken than the ff realty shall appoint.,

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, in the Course of their Examination

upon Oath before the said Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, touching the Accounts hereby put under their Care and Management, or touching any other Publick Accounts tried and audited by them, shall wilfully and corruptly declare any Matter which shall be false, such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be subject! and liable to llitUl atXJarci such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now*in being Persons convicted of wilfui and corrupt Perjury are faife Matter, subject and liable to* shall be liable to the Penalties for Perjury.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Leases and Grants within the said respect!ive Audits, which, from and after the Abolition of each of the said Offices respectively, shall be made and granted of any Part or Parts of the Land Revenue of the Crown in England and Wales, and all and every Alignment and Assignments which shall or rmy from such Periods respectively be made of any Lease or Grant from the Crown, shall be enrolled and entered in the Office of the said Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, in the same Manner and Form act they have been used and accustomed to be enrolled and entered in the respective Offices of the said Auditors of the Land Revenue, for which Enrolment and Entry no greater Fees shall be taken and received than the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, shall appoint, not exceeding such Fees as have been used and accustomed to be taken and received by or in the respective Offices of the Auditors of the Land Revenue in England and Wales.

IX. Provided always, That for Leases of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments belonging to the For Leases of

Crown, no Fee whatever shall be demanded, taken, or received, if the said Commissioners of the Treasury Crown Lands, or Lord High Treasurer fhalffo direct; and that such, but no greater Fees shall be taken and received from and charged upon the several Receivers and Accountants, whose Accounts are by this Act directed to be Treasury shall examined, tried, and audited by the said Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, as the said f^dir.£jand Commissioners of the Treasury or Lord High Treasurer shall appoint, not exceeding such Fees as have such Fees as the been used and accustomed to be taken and received from and charged upon such Receivers and Accountants, by or in the Offices of the said Auditors of the Land Revenue, or either of them, which Fees shall be received, accounted for, and paid over, for the Use of the Publick in Manner herein after mentioned.

which shall be paid over for the Use of the Publick,

X. And be it further enacted, That the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, or The Treasury any three or more of them, shall be, and he and they is and are hereby authorised to appoint such Officers,

Receivers, and Clerks, or other Persons, as shall appear to him or them to be necessary from Time to Time for making up and preparing for Declaration the several Accounts by this Act directed to be examined, tried, and audited, by the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, and for receiving, accounting for, and paying over, the Fees to be taken and received under the Authority of this Act, with such fixed Salaries to each as he or they shall judge proper, and also to allow such reasonable Sums as to him or them shall seem fit, for Payment of such Salaries, and all other incidental Charges, to be incurred in the Office for sLVrfcs,"&c7not auditing the Publick Accounts, to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund, not exceeding in the Whole the exceeding annual oum of three thousand and forty Pounds, in addition to the Sum of six thousand rounds already di- 3Q4ol« in Addi-reded to be paid for the like Purposes, by an Act> passed in the twenty-fifth Year of his present ^0j°ai^cad Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better auditing and examining the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom, which provided^ feid Salaries and Allowances shall be to the several Officers, Clerks, and other Persons employed, or to be* 25 Geo. 3. c. 52. employed, in the Accounts of the Land Revenue, in lieu of all Fees, Gratuities, and Perquisites whatever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Receiver or Receivers so to be appointed for receiving the Fees aforesaid, shall, in Books to be provided for that Purpose, keep or cause to be kept, a full, true, and particular Account of all the Fees which shall be taken and received for the Enrolment and Entry of all and every Lease, Grant, and Assignment, so directed to be enrolled and entered in the said Office, for auditing the Publick Accounts, and of ail and every the Fee$ which shall be taken and received from the several Receivers and Accountants, whose Accounts are by this Act directed to be examined, tried, and audited by the said Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, and of all other the Monies to be taken and received for Fees under the Authority of this Act; and that such Receiver or Receivers shall, every six Months and oftener if required, deliver to the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts for the Time being) a full and particular Account verified upon Oath before the said Commissioners for auditing

Treasury shall appoint shall be taken from Accountants,

may appoint Persons for making up Accounts for, Declaration, and for receiving and paying over Fees, with

The Receiver shall keep and -deliver an Account ot Fees to the Commissioners upon Oath, and shall pay the Monty quarterly to the Exchequer, to be carried to the Consolidated Fund,

174 C. 83, 84. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

The Commissioners shall act-nunifter 10 their Officers and Clerks an Oath lor their faithful Demeanour in

ting the Publick Accounts, which Oath they the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised and empowered to administer, of all the Monies received by him or them under the Authority of this Act, and shall pay the whole Money so to be received as aforesaid, at the End of each Quarter, into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, under the Direction of the said Commissioners; and the same when so paid shall by the proper Officer be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, or any three or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised to administer to every of the Officers and Clerks who shall be appointed as before directed, and ai(b to all Clerks and other Persons acting ministeri-ally under them, in examining any of the Publick Account under the Management of the said Commissioners, an Oath for his or their true and faithful Demeanour in all Things relating to the due Performance of the Trust reposed in him or them.

Performance of their Trust.

Accounts shall be verified on Oath of Accountants before a Baron or the Cursitor Baron of the Exchequer, or before the said Commissioners.

Accounts of the Paymaster General shall be verified by the Accountant General of the £ay Office.

XIII. And whereas it is expedient that the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts should be authorised to administer an Oath to all Accountants for the Expenditure of Publick Money, in the same Manner as such Oath is now administered by the Barons of the Coif or Cursitor Baron of the Exchequer Be it further enacted, That all and every the Accounts of the Expenditure of Publick Money, except as herein after mentioned, which are or shall be delivered into the Office of the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts for the Purpose of being examined and audited, shall, previous to such the Delivery thereof into the said Office, be verified and attested on Oath by the several Accountants, before one of the Barons of the Coif or the Cursitor Baron of the Exchequer, or before the said Commissioners of Publick Accounts, or any three or more of the said Commissioners, which Oath they the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised to administer.

XIV. And whereas it is expedient that the Accounts of the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces should be verified by the Accountant General of the Pay Office, instead of the Paymaster General of the Forces Be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all and every the Accounts of the Paymaster General shall be verified and attested upon Oath by the Accountant General of the Pay Office for the Time being, either before one of the Barons.of the Coif or the Cursitor Baron of the Court of Exchequer, or before the said Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, or any three or more of the said Commissioners, and the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces shall not be required to verify and attest such Account, but shall be exonerated and excused therefrom.

---

[Act shall not diminish the Responsibility of the Paymaster General.]

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall in any other Respect extend, or be construed to extend, to take away, lessen, diminish, or alter any of the Duties or Responsibility of the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces, in respect of his Office of Paymaster General, save and except with respect to the verifying and attesting his Accounts on Oath in Manner aforesaid.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to contract with the Most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond for the absolute Purchase of the Property of the said Duke, and all others interested, in a certain Duty of twelve Pence per Chaldron on Coals shipped in the River Tyne to be consumed in England, and to grant a Compensation for the same, by way of Annuity, payable out of the Consolidated Fund.

[12th July 1799.]

[Letters Patent of 18 Decem. 29 Car. II. and]

'WHEREAS by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, bearing Date the eighteenth Day of December, in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, his said Majesty did give and grant unto Charles then Duke of Richmond, for every Chaldron of Sea Coals, Stone Coals, or Pit Coals, (except as therein is excepted,) of the Water Measure of Newcastle upon Tyne, as at any Time or Times thereafter should be sold, shipped, carried, or vended, by any Person or Persons whatever, forth or out of the Haven or River of Tyne, belonging to the aforesaid Town of Newcastle, to be spent as therein mentioned, and not transported beyond the Seas, the several Sums of twelve Pence, to be paid as therein mentioned; and to which several Sums or Duties his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, were entitled, in the Manner in the said Letters Patent recited, to hold and enjoy the said

---

Duties or Sums of twelve Pence unto the said Charles then Duke of Richmond, and the Heirs of his Body, subject to the Payment of a yearly Sum of five hundred Pounds to Sir Thomas Garres, his Heirs or Assigns, and paying the refor to his said late Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the yearly Rent of one

Act 30 Geo. If 4 Pound six Shillings and eight Pence: And whereas, by an Act of Parliament passed in the thirtieth Year «e.:ted. of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and which was made and passed previous to and

in Contemplation of the Marriage of the Most Noble Charles now Duke of Richmond, Grandson of the aforesaid Duke of Richmond, with Lady Mary Brucey afterwards Duchess of Richmond, and since de- ceased, it was enacted, That from and thenceforth the said Charles now Duke of Richmond should hold and enjoy the said Duty of twelve Pence (but charged with the said Annuity of five hundred Pounds, and the said Rent of one round six Shillings and eight Pence, herein-before mentioned) to the Use of him and the Heirs Male of his Body: and in Default of Heirs Male of his Body, then to the Use of the Right Honourable Lord George Henry Lenox, brother of the said Charles now Duke of Richmond\ and the Heirs

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 84, 85, 86. 175

Male of his Body; and in Default of Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord George Henry Lenox, then to the Use of the Heirs of the Body of the said Charles first Duke of Richmond: And whereas the ulti- mate Reversion in the said Duties is Vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors: And whereas the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom, in their Report, made in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, Rated, as their Opinion, that it would tend jo Uniformity in the Collection and the Application of the Custom Duties if the Duties on,

Coals, holden under ancient Grants from the Crown, could be, with the Consent of the Grantees, (eft- tied on the Crown for the Publick Service: And whereas the Sele& Committee of Finance, appointed by*

the House of Commons, in their fourth Report, made in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety- seven, having had under their Consideration thet>efore mentioned Report, and also a Report of the Com- million*rs of the Customs, strongly recommended that the said Duties should be settled in the Crown, if the Consent of the Grantees could be obtained Be it therefore enacted, &c.

The Treasury empowered to treat with the Duke of Richmond and his Heirs for their Right under the re-4i cited Letters Patent and Act of Parliament to the said Duty on Coals, for an Annuity, hot exceeding the annual Amount of the Duties on an Average of ten Years preceding Dec. 25, 1798. $ 1. Annuity to be \

payable out of the Consolidated Fund. §2. The Duke of Richmond, fcfr. to have the same Estate in the 44 Annuity as in the Duty. §3. Annuity to be subject to Redemption as shall be agreed upon between the Treasury and the Duke himself. §4. After a Day to be mentioned in the Contract the Duty to be payable to his Majesty, as other Duties on Coals. § c. Duty to be under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs, and raised by the same Means as other Duties of Customs, &V. \ 6. Duty to be paid into the Exchequer, and made Part of the’ Consolidated Fund. §7. The Treasury may direct the Duties not to be received, or to be returned in Cases of Lofc by Sea or other Circumstances of Hard*

ship. 4 8. Receiver General of the Customs shall pay the Annuity of coo/, mentioned in the Letter* Patent. §9"

---

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act to protect Masters against Embezzlements by their Clerks or Servants.

[12th July 1799.]

---

WHEREAS Bankers, Merchants, and others, are, in the Course of their Dealings and Transactions, frequently obliged to entrust their Servants, Clerks, and Persons employed by them in the like Capacity, with receiving, paving, negocriting, exchanging, or transferring. Money, Goods, Bonds, Bills, Notes, Bankers Drafts, and other valuable Effects and Securities: And whereas Doubts have been entertained whether the embezzling of the same by such Servants, Clerks, and others, so employed by*

their Matters, amounts to Felony by the Law of England, and it is expedient that such Offences should be punished in the same Manner in both Parts of the united Kingdom \ be it enacted and declared by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Servants or

That if any Servant or Clerk, or any Person employed for the Purpose in the Capacity of a Servant or Clerk, to any Per- anyMo^ey or son or Persons whomsoever, or to any Body Corporate or Politick, shall, by virtue of such Employment, other Effects receive or take into his Possession any Money, Goods, Bond, Bill, Note, Banker’s Draft, or other valuable their MasterV Security, or Effects, for or in the Name or on the Account of his Matter or Matters, or Employer or Em- Account, and ployers, and shall fraudulently embezzle, secrete, or make away with the same, or any Part thereof, every fraudulently such Offender shall be deemed to have feloniously stolen the same from his Matter or Matters, Employer or fc^rttlngan y* Employers, for whose Use, or in whose Name or Names, or on whose Account the same was or were de- part thereof livered to, or taken into the Possession of such Servant, Clerk, or other Person so employed, although such shall be deemed Money, Goods, Bond, Bill, Note, Banker’s Draft, or other valuable Security, was or were no other- to have fclonU wife received into the Possession of his or their Servant, Clerk, or other Person so employed; and every stolen tho (iich Offender, his Adviser, Procurer, Aider or Abettor, being thereof lawfully convicted or attainted, shall ai"e ’

be liable to be transported to such Parts beyond the Seas as his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy fcndJJ, and Council, shall appoint, for any Term not exceeding fourteen Years, 10 the Discretion of the Court before their Abettors Whom such Offender shall be con video or adjudged* shall, on Conviction, be liable to be transported for 14 Years.

---

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act for ascertaining the Rate of Duty to be paid for Retail Spirit Licences; and for authorising the Justices of the Peace for any County to grant Licences, to sell Ale, Beer, or other Liquors, by Retail, in Cities and Places where a sufficient Number of Magistrates cannot be found qualified to grant such Licences.

[12th July 1799.]

[30 Geo. 3. c. 38. (§.6.)]

---

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, among other Things for repealing the Duties upon Licences for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, certain Rates of Duty are imposed for and in respect of Licences to retail distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, according to the Rent at which the Dwelling--house in which the Person authorised by any such Licence to retail distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters redded or retailed such distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters at the Time of taking out such

i^ Geo. 3. C. 59. 38 Geo. 3. c. 40.

Licence Duties (h ul L'C afeer-ninci according to tlx: Rent at which Houses, &c. are rated under lait recited Act and,

licences taken out since pairing it, vai.d, and the Money paid for them applicable as t.e Duties imposed by recited Act of 30 Geo. 3.

6 Geo. 1. c.ai,

aS Geo. a. c. 13.

In any Place where the Corporate Justices are by the two last recited Acts -disqualified to grant Licences /for retailing Liquors, the Justices for the County at large may grant them at the Request of the Chief Magistrate.

176 C. 86. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

‘ licence, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens, therewith occupied, were rated under r the Authority of an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for imposing Duties on inhabited Houses: And whereas the Rates and Duties of the said Act of the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign are repealed by another Act, made in the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and other Rates and Duties are by the said last mentioned Act imposed for or in respect of ( inhabited Houses according to the Rents therein specified, and it is therefore expedient that the said Licence

Duties should hereafter be ascertained by the Rents according to which Dwelling*houses shall be rated under the Authority of the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year aforesaid ;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said Licence Duties shall be ascertained according to the Rent at which the Dwelling-house shall, at the Time of taking out any such Licence, be rated under the Authority of the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year aforesaid; and that in all Cases where the said Act of the thirtieth Year aforesaid mentions or refers to any Dwelling-house, Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens, as being rated

at any Rent under the Authority of the said Act of the nineteenth Year aforesaid, the same shall be deemed and taken to refer to such Dwelling-house, Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens, as being rated at that particular Rent under the Authority of the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year aforesaid j any Thing in the said last mentioned Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And whereas many Persons, since the making of the said Act of the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, have taken out Licences to authorize him, her, or them, to retail distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, and paid for such Licences the Sumsot Money in that Behalf specified in the said Act of the thirtieth Year aforesaid and it is expedient in respect thereof to make such Provision as is herein after mentioned be it therefore enacted, That every such Licence and Payment shall be deemed good and valid, and the Money so paid shall be deemed and taken to have been applicable to the Purpose for which the said Duties imposed by the said Act of the thirtieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign were by that Act directed to be applied.

III. And whereas by an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Publick Revenues of Excise, Customs, Stamp Duties, Post Office, and House Money, it is enacted, That all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall have in his or her Custody any Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits, or Strong Waters, exceeding the Quantity of sixty-three Gallons, shall be deemed and taken to be a Seller of and Dealer in Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits, and Strong Waters, and subject to the Survey of the Excise: And whereas by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectually preventing the fraudulent Removal of Tobacco by Land or Water, and for the Safe of the fair Trader in Tobacco; and for ascertaining the Rates payable for the Post age of certain Letters; and for amending and explaining the Laws relating to the Sale of Spirituous Liquors by Retail, it is enacted, That no Justice of the Peace, being a common Brewer of Ale or Beer, Innkeeper, or Distiller, or other Seller of or Dealer in Ale, or any Kind of Spirituous Liquors, or interested in any of the said Trades or Businesses, or being a Victualler or Maltster, shall, during such Time as he shall be such common Brewer, Innkeeper, Distiller, Victualler, or Maltster, or Seller of or Dealer in Ale, or other Spirituous Liquors, or interested in any of the said Trades or Businesses, "be capable of or Ime any Power to grant any Licence or Licences

to any Person or Persons for selling Ale, Beer, or any other Liquors by Retail: And Whereas in divers Corporate Cities, Towns, and Places, wherein Foreign Spirituous Liquors are imported into this Kingdom,

certain Persons exercising Corporate Offices, and no others, can grant Licences for selling Ale or Beer, or any other Liquors by Retail therein, and it may happen that so many of the Justices and Magistrates thereof may be disqualified from granting such Licences by Force of the said recited Acts, or that a sufficient Number of Persons exercising such Corporate Offices for the Time being may not be qualified to act therein according to the said Act, which may be productive of great Inconvenience, and may be injurious to the Publick Revenue for Remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, in case it shall happen that in any City, Town, or Place, any of the Corporate Justices or Magistrates thereof for the Time being, shall not be capable of acting in granting such Licences as aforesaid, by reason that any such Justice or Magistrate, or Justices or Magistrates therein, is or are a Seller or Sellers of, or a Dealer or Dealers in, any Foreign Spirits, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the County at large, within which such City, Town, or Place, shall be situate or next adjoining thereto, at the Request in Writing of the Chief Magistrate of any such City, Town, or Place, to act as a Justice or Justices, Magistrate or Magistrates, within such City, Town, or Place, for the Purpose of granting Licences to sell Ale, Beer, or other Liquors by Retail in such Corporate City, Town, or Place, instead of the Justice or Justices, or Magistrate or Magistrates thereof disqualified as aforesaid; any Act or Acts, or any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Justices, so required to act as aforesaid, shall be entitled to exercise the rowers and Jurisdictions of a Magistrate within such City, Town, or Place, for the Purpose of granting such Licences as aforesaid, and in all Things relating thereto, and shall be deemed and taken to be a Magistrate of such City, Town, or Place, for the Purposes aforesaid j but that such Justice or Justices shall not have any Authority, Power, or Jurisdiction, in such City, Town, or Place, by virtue of this Act, other than and for the Purposes herein-before mentioned.

---

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 87. 177

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation, of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty, to continue in Force until six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament*.

[Continued by

[12th July 1799.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that a Power should be vested in his Majesty to prohibit, with the Advice of his Privy Council, the Exportation of all or any Sort of Corn or Grain from the Ports of this Kingdom, if Circumstances fhmftd io require, and to permit the Importation of all or any Sort of Foreign

Corn of Grain, if Circumstances should in like Manner so require:’ Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and until the Expiration of six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of

[Continued till Sift. 30, 1800.

3. S*jf. it

'9 $ *]

His Majesty, iff

Council. m5V

rtign Wheat, See. or pcimit the Importation of Foreign Corn, &c. In British Vessels, or in any other Vessels belonging to Persons of any Country in Amity wide his Majesty, Duty tree; act

Time, when and as often as the same shall be judged expedient, to prohibit generally, for a limited Time, the Exportation from England and reflectively, of any British or Foreign Wheat, Rye, Barley,

Beer, or Big, Pease, Beans, Oats, or any Meal or Flour, or Bread, Biscuit, or Malt, made thereof, or any Indian Corn, or Maize, or Meal, or Flour, made thereof; and to permit generally the Importation into England or Scotland reflectively, of any Foreign Corn or other Articles as aforesaid, in any British Ship or Vend, or in any other Ship or Vessel belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any Manner whatever, without Payment of any Duty whatsoever; and also the taking out of Warehouse, for Home Consumption, of any such Foreign Corn, or other Articles as aforesaid, without Payment of any Duty whatsoever, and in like Manner to recall such’ Prohibition or Permission, either in Part or in the Whole, if Circumstances shall appear so to require, any Thing in any Act, or Part of any Act, to the contrary notwithstanding; and if any Person shall export, or shall load or lay on board also warehoused any Ship or other Vessel, with Intent to export, or if any Person shall import any Corn or other Articles as Foreign Com, aforesaid, contrary to such Prohibition or permission of his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, the Person so exporting, or loading or laying on board with Intent to export, or the Person so importing the same, shall be liable and subject to the like forfeitures and Penalties, and the said Corn or other Articles, and the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be exported or loaded or laid on board, or in which the same shall be imported, shall be subject and liable to the like Forfeitures, and in like Manner to be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed, as if the said Corn or other Articles were exported, or loaded or laid on board, or imported, contrary to the Provisions of two Acts, the one, patted Hi the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Importation bcInhlc and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British the penalties

Sec. to be taken out for Home Consumption,

If any Person shall export or import contrary to such Prohibition or Pep. mission, he shall be liable to

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, to prohibit the Exportation and 33 Geo. i! from this Kingdom of any Sort of Corn, or other Articles as aforesaid, shall not extend, or be construed c. 65. to extend, to any Foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour that shall have been imported and warehoused in the Manner and on the Conditions mentioned in the before mentioned Act; of the thirty-full Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and shall not have been taken out of such Warehouse for Home Consumption.

not extend to Foreign Corn, &c. warehoused on the Conditions of 31 Geo. 3. c. 30. and not taken out for Home Consumption*

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, to permit the carrying Coastwise, or carrying out, or the Exportation of the several Sorts of Corn, or other Articles as aforesaid, for all or any of the Purposes mentioned in the said two Acts, passed in the thirty-first: and thirty-third Years of his present Majesty's Reign, or either of them, in like Manner and in the same Proportions and Quantities, and from and to the same Ports and Places as is allowed by the said two Acts, or either of them, at such Times as any of the several Sorts of Corn or other Articles as aforesaid are prohibited to be exported, subject to the like Securities, Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, Forfeitures, and Penalties, as are by the said two Acts, or by either of them, in any such Case required and imposed.

allowed thereby, when such Articles are prohibited to be exported.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and until the Expiration of His Majesty, in six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, it shall and may be lawful fer his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and he and they is and are hereby authorised, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, from Time to Time, when and as.often as the same shall be judged expedient, to permit generally, for a limited Time, the Importation into Great Britain, from any Port or Place whatever, in any British Ship or Vessel, or in any other Ship or Vessel belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in

But the Power, to prohibit the Exportation of Com, &c. Jh.iil

His Majesty, in Council, may permit the carrying Coastwise or Exportation of the several Articles l.' ju-

said, for the

Purposes mentioned in the said two Acts.-i

Council, may permit the importation from any Place in any British Velfll, or any Veil'd belonging to Pc: for. s of any State in Xnity with his Majesty, of certain Articles Put/ free.

Such Articles shall be entered with the Officer of the Customs at the Port of Importation, on Pain of Forfeiture.

Penalties may

be recovered and applied as in the Case of the Customs.

Copies Of Orders in Council shall be laid before Parliament

The County of Edinburgh shall be separated from the other Counties forming the 13th Piflrift under th*; first recited Act,

and shall be a Pi ft r id by it-ftlf, viz. the 17th; and the monthly Prices of Corn, fee. within Fd:n-bu'gh, shall revulate tire importation and bxporta-lon, fee. Continuance of Act*

178 C. 87, 88. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any Manner whatever, any Beans, called Kidney or French Beans* Tares, Lentiles, Callivances, and all other Sorts of Pulse, and also Bulls, Cows, Oxen, Calves, Sheep, Lambs, and Swine, Beef, Pork, Mutton, Veal, and Lamb, whether salted or other wise. Bacon, Hams, Tongues, Butter, Cheese, Potatoes, Rice, Sago, Sago Powder, Tapioca, Vermicelli, Millet Seed, Poultry, Fowls, Eggs, Game, and Sour Crout, without the Payment of any Duty whatever, at all Times before the said Expiration of six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament; and in like Manner to recall such Permission, either in Part or in Whole, if Circumstances shall seem so to require; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That a due Entry shall be made of all such Beans called

Kidney ox French Beam* Tares, Lentiles, Callivances, and all other Sort9 of Pulse, and of such Bulls, Cows, Oxen, Calves, Sheep, Lambs, and Swine, Beef and Pork, Veal, Mutton and Lamb, Bacon, Hams, Tongues, Butter, Cheese, Potatoes, Rice, Sago, Sago Powder, Tapioca, Vermicelli, Millet Seed, Poultry, Fowls, Eggs, Game, and Sour Crout, that shall be imported by virtue of this Act, or any Order in Council made under the Authority thereof, with the proper Officers of the Customs at the Port into which the same shall be imported; and in Default thereof the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures created and incurred by this Act, (and not herein otherwise specially directed to be prosecuted and recovered,) shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, in such Manner, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Penalties incurred on any Goods, Ships, or Vessels, forfeited for any Offence against the Laws of Customs, may now be legally sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and the Officer or Officers concerned in Seizures or Prosecutions under this Act, shall be entitled to and receive such Share of the Produce arising from the Seizures, as they are now by Law entitled to upon Prosecutions of Seizures for unlawful Importation, and to such Share of the Produce arising from any pecuniary Fine or Penalty, or Composition paid for any Offence against this Act, as they are now by any Law or Regulation entitled to, upon Prosecutions for pecuniary Penalties.

VI. And be it further enacted, That Copies of such Orders as shall be made by his Majesty in Council, for any of the Purposes mentioned in this Act, if made when Parliament is fitting, shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament, within three Days after the same shall have issued; and if made when Parliament is not fitting, then within fourteen Days after the Meeting of the next Session of Parliament.

---

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act for erecting the County of Edinburgh into a separate District, for the Purpose of regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn.

[12th July 1799.]

[31 Geo. 3. c. 30. (§. 31, 32.)]

---

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

an Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn* and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Lorn exported; it was, among other Things, enacted* That, for better ascertaining the Prices of Corn and Oatmeal for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, the several maritime Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England, and also the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, should be divided into Districts; and that the Countits of Fife, Kinross, Clackmannan, Stirlings Linlithgow, Edinburgh, Haddington, Berwick, Roxburgh, Selkirkr and Peebles, should be the thirteenth District; and, by the said Act, Corn was permitted to be carried Coastwise, in the Manner and under the Regulations by the said Act prescribed:

[33t Geo. 3. c. 65.

And whereas another Act was made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending the said Act u And whereas it is found expedient that the County of Edinburgh should be disjoined from the aforesaid thirteenth District, and be erected into a District by itself; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Expedient Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the aforesaid Act made in the thirty-first Year of his Majesty's Reign, as unites the County of Edinburgh with the other Counties above mentioned, forming the thirteenth District, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed and the aforesaid Counties of Fife, Kinross, Clackmannan, Stirling, Linlithgow, Haddington, Berwick, Roxburgh, Selkirk, and Peebles, shall be, and continue the thirteenth District, subject to the same Rules and Regulations to which they were subject and liable before the passing of this Act.

II. And be it enacted, That the said County of Edinburgh shall, for the Purposes of the said Acts, be, and be deemed to be, the seventeenth District, and a District by itself; and that the monthly Prices to be ascertained within the City of Edinburgh, and returned by his Majesty's Sheriff Depute in the Way and Manner prescribed by the aforesaid Acts, shall regulate the Importation and Exportation of aft Kinds of Corn, Meal, and Flour, with the Duties and Bounties thereon, and the carrying the same Coastwise to and from the Port of Leith, and Creeks belonging thereto; and that all the Rules and Regulations contained in the aforesaid Acts relative thereto, and to warehousing, and taking the same out of Warehouses, shall be applicable to the said seventeenth District, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if it had been constituted a District by the first recited Act.

---

[Continuance of Act.]

III. And be it enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in Force until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one.

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 89. 179

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for regulating the Manner in which the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, shall hire and take up Ships for their regular Service.

[12th July 1799.]

'WHEREAS it is expedient that the Manner in which the Ships hired and taken up for the Service of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, should be regulated as herein after mentioned; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[The East India Company shall employ in their Service no Ships but such as shall be contracted for, for six Voyages, and shall advertise for Proposals for building and freighting Ships, and accept the lowest Terms.]

---

That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said United Company, or their Court of Directors, shall employ in their regular Service no Ships but such as shall be contracted for to serve the said Company, as they shall have Occasion to employ them in Trade and Warfare, or any other Service, for fix Voyages to and from India or China, or elsewhere within the Limits of the said United Company’s exclusive Trade; and that, from Time to Time, whenever the said United Company shall have Occasion to cause any Ship or Ships to be built for their Service, the Court of Directors of the said United Company shall give Notice thereof by publick Advertisement, and therein state the Burthen of the Ship or Ships wanted, the Dimensions or Scantlings of Timbers and Planks, Number of Guns, Manner of building, providing, furnishing, and storing such Ships, the Time to be allowed for building, (which shall be as long as reasonably maybe,) and other Particulars necessary to enable Persons to judge of the Expence thereof, and the proper Rate of Freight for such Ships respectively, or shall refer to and give Information of all such Particulars by their proper Officer; and the said Advertisement shall fix a Time (not less than four Weeks from the Publication thereof) for receiving Proposals in Writing, feaJed up, for

Voyage!

to be employed in Trade and in Warfare, or otherwise, as shall be thought proper by the Company, if the said Ships respectively shall so long be fit for the Company’s Service; and that all the Tenders or Proposals which shall be made in pursuance of such Notices, shall be put into a Box locked and sealed, which shall not be opened, except publickly in a Court of Directors, and the Contents of such Proposals respectively shall be entered in a Book, and the Proposals offering the loweftPeace Freight, or Peace Freight and Demorage, as the Case may be, shall be accepted, without Favour or Partiality; and in case more Ships than shall be wanted shall be tendered to be built at the same low Freight, then the Court of Directors shall determine which of the said Proposal or Proposals shall be accepted.

II. And be it further enacted, That over and besides the Peace Freight and Demorage herein-before mentioned, the Court of Directors shall be at Liberty to make such Agreements with the Owners of the said Ships, either from Voyage to Voyage, or for the whole Term of the said Ships being engaged in the said Company’s Service, for the ascertaining and Payment of the additional Charges arising to the said Owners in Time of War and Hostilities, or Preparations for War and Hostilities, as the said Court of Directors shall think right and just.

Charges in Time of War, or Preparation for it*

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Court of Directors, if Thc D>re^or*

may enter into

The Court

Directors may make Agreements with the Ship Owners for ascertaining additional

they shall see fit, to advertise for and receive Proposals, and enter into Agreements, for Ships to be built for the Service of the said Company for fix Voyages, at permainent Rates of Freight and Demorage for Time of Peace, and also at established Rates of additional Freight and Demorage to be paid during the present War, and that in that Case they shall be at Liberty, and are hereby required to accept such Proposals as, both Circumstances being considered, shall appear upon the Whole to be the lowest and most for the Advantage of the said United Company, without Favour or Partiality, and to enter into permanent Agreements accordingly; and in case two or more Proposals shall offer Terms equally advantageous, the said Court of Directors mall determine which of them shall be accepted.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed

to extend, to oblige the said Court of Directors to accept or enter into any Agreement, or any Proposal or Proposals which they, or the major Part of them, shall deem to be unreasonable, although such Proposal or Pro|X>fa)s may be the lowest and the most advantageous which may be offered. able PropotllS) altl(0Ugh the lowest,

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case any regular Ship which, since the twentieth Day If a regular of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, bath been engaged in the regular Service of the said United Company, or which now is, or hereafter shall h:y engaged in the said Service for Jix Voyages, hath been, T>r shall be, loft or captured before the Completion of her fifth Voyage, if upon a full Investigation of the Circumstances of such Lois by the (kid Court of Directors, or some Committee thereof, the Commander and Owners of such Ship shall be fully acquitted from all Imputation of Neglect or Misconduct in respect of such Loss, in the Opinion of eighteen Directors at least at a Court specially assembled for the Purpose of taking the said Commander’s and the Owners Conduct into Consideration; and provided always, that such Vote or Resolution of the Court of Directors shall be reported to a General Court of Proprietors, and shall after such Report be confirmed by way of Ballot by three Parts in four of the Proprietors airembied in General Court specially-convened for that Purpose, whereof eight Days previous Notice of the Time and

Agreements at permanent Rates of Freight and Demorage for Times of Peace, and additional Rates during the prefrnt War. Act shall not oblige the Directors to accept unreason-

Ship be loft or captured before the Completion of her fifth Voyage, the Directors m3y agree with the Owners to build another upon coitain Conditions.

In Cases of Exigency, Ships may he hired for any particular Service*

Act shall not extend to Packets or Vessels employed in the Marine £rta»

H ihnicnt in India.

Bye Laws of the Company, repugnant to this Act, to remain in Force.

The Constables, &c. in Middlesex and Surrey, required to return Lists of I'-cilcns iudie SO

180 C. 89, 90. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Purpose of such Meeting shall be given in the London Gazette; and if such Commander shall be then living, or if he should have loft his Life, or have been absolutely disabled from further Service on the Occasion which produced the Loss of the said Ship, and the Chief Officer of the said Ship should have exerted himself T honourably for her Defence and Safety, either in Fight or Distress at Sea, and shall be acquitted in Manner herein-before mentioned, from all Imputation of Neglect or Misconduct in respect of such Loss, and such Acquittal shall also be confirmed in Manner herein-before mentioned, then it shall and may be lawful for the Court of Directors to agree with the Owners of such Ship so loft: to build another Ship for the Service of the said Company, to be employed by them at the same Freight and pemorage, and upon the same Terms for and on which such loll Ship was originally taken up, for the Number of Voyages which such loft Ship had not completed of the Number of Voyages originally contrafted for, so as the Owners shall agree that, at the Expiration of the remaining Voyage or Voyages, such new Ship shall continue in the Service of the said United Company untd (he shall have performed fix Voyages, which subsequent Voyages shall federally be performed at the lowest Rate of Freight and Dcmorage, either in Peace or War, which shall be payable in respect of the Ship, of a similar Defer iption as to the Equipment, contracted for last before the said Ship shall proceed upon each of the said subsequent Voyages: Provided always, That such Ship so rebuilt shall be commanded in the first Instance by the Captain of the former Ship, if he be able to serve, and failing of him, by the said Chief Officer of the former Ship, if he be able to serve.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Court of Directors

of the said United Company, or their Servants abroad, in Cases of unforeseen Exigency, to hire Ships for any particular Service; and in Cases of Ships so hired, publick Notice shall be given by Advertisement of the Ships or Tonnage wanted, and the Service required; fourteen Days at least previous to the Time appointed for taking up the same; and the Propofds to be made in pursuance of such Advertisements shall be put into a Box locked and sealed, which shall not be opened, except publickly in a Court of Directors, or by the Governor and Council, where the Contract shall be made in any of the Company’s Settlements in India» and then the owe it Tender or Tenders shall be accepted, without favourer Partiality, if it shall be deemed reasonable, and if upon a due Examination and Survey the Ship or Ships tendered shall appear to be in all Respects fit for the Service required.

VII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, in any ways to relate to Ships or Vessels hired or taken up or employed as Pacquets, or any of the Sh.ps or Vessels belonging to or employed in the Marine War Establishment of the said United Company in the East India; hut it shall and may be lawful for the said United Company, and tlveir Court of Directors and Servants Abroad, to hire, take up, and employ Vessels for thoie Purposes only, in such Manner as they shall see fit.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every, and so much and such Part of the Bye Laws, Rules, and Regulations of the said United Company, and of their Court of Directors, now in force, and hereafter to be made, any way relating to the shipping Concerns of the said Company, and to the Commanders and Officers in their Service, which are not, or shall not be inconsistent with or repugnant to the Provisions hereby enacted, shall remain and be of the same Validity, Force, and Effect, and shall be observed in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the same Bye Laws, Rules, and Regulations, or such Parts thereof as aforesaid, would have been in Force, and ought to have been observed if this Act had not been made; or to restrain the said Company from repealing or making any Bye Laws, so as they shall not be inconsistent with the Provisions herein contained; this Act cr-any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

---

CAP. XC.

An Act to amend two Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Militia of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey; and for applying certain Monies remaining in the Hands of the Clerks to the Deputy Lieutenants of the County of Middlesex, and other Persons, towards the completing of the said Militia.

[12th July 1799.]

[26 Geo. 3. c. 107. 37 Geo. 3. c. 3.]

'WHEREAS it is expedient that the several Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, respecting the Militia of this Kingdom should be amended, so far as relate to the several Particulars herein after-mentioned, so far as relate to the County of Middlesex and the County of Surrey; and that certain Sums of Money now remaining in the Hands of the Clerks to the Deputy Lieutenants of the County of Middlesex, should be applied to the completing the Militia of the said County: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted;' and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[

That the several Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, and other Officers, in the several Parishes within the County of Middlesex, and within the County of Surrey, required to return Lists of Persons liable to serve in the Militia, shall, within fourteen Days after any such Returns shall be required, after the passing of this Act, give or leave Notice to or for every Occupier of every Dwelling House where any Person shall reside, within the Limits of the Places for which they aft as such Constables or other Officers as aforesaid,

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 90. 181

at his or her Dwelling House, ef where such Dwelling House shall be divided into different Stories or Apartments, and occupied distinctly by several Persons, then to or for the Occupier of each distinct Story -er Apartment, to prepare or produce, within fourteen Days next ensuing the Day of giving such Notice, a List in Writing, to the best of his or her Belief, of the Christian and Surname of each and every Man resident in such Dwelling House, between the Ages of Eighteen and Forty-five; and every such Occupier shall, after such Notice so given or left, make out such List, and sign the same with his or her own Name, and shall deliver the same, or cause the same to be delivered, to such Constable or other Officer as aforesaid; and if any such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to make out, sign, and deliver such List as aforesaid, within the Time herein-before limited, or Shall omit any Person who ought to have been included therein, in pursuance of this Act, every such Occupier shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding the Sum o-f Five Pounds, to be recovered in the same Manner as by the said Act of the twervty-sixth Year of his present Majesty* any Penalties are directed to be recovered.

serve in the Militia, shalt, within 14 Days after Requisition, give Notice to HouL keepers, &c. t6 prepare Lists oi Men redding with them between 18 and 45 Years old.

Penalty not exceeding 5l.

for not delivering such Lists, or omitting any Person who-ought to be included.

Quakers shall produce a Certificate from two Quakers, floufckeepers, acknowledging them to be of theu-PersuasioB.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every Case where any Notice shall be served upon any Occupier, being one of the People called Quakers, such Occupier shall, within seven Days after the Service of such Notice, produce to the Constable or other Officer, a Certificate under the Hands of two or more reputable Housekeepers being of the People called Quakers, acknowledging such Man to be one of their Persuasion, according to the Directions contained in the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty, and that in all such Cases the Constables or other Officers are hereby required to make Returns of the Persons resident in the Houses, Stories, or Apartments of such Occupiers, so certified to be of the People called Quakers, liable to serve in the Militia for the said Counties, in the same Manner as is directed by the said Acts iff the twenty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of his present Majesty.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person sworn and enrolled to serve as a Substitute in the said Militia, and who shall have left in the Hands of the Clerk to the Deputy Lieutenants any Sum or Sums of Money, to be paid to such Substitute upon his joining the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, for which he shall have been enrolled, shall not join the Regiment or Battalion for which he shall have been sworn and enrolled, according to such Order as shall have been given him in that Respect, in pursuance of any Law now in Force respecting the Militia, within one Month after the Time appointed by such Order, that then, and in every such Case, such Substitute shall forfeit every such Sum or Sums of Money, and such Sum and Sums of Money shall be disposed of and applied in Manner herein after directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, If any Person chosen by

Ballot to serve in the Militia shall produce a Substitute, who being duly (worn and enrolled to serve in the Militia, shall nevertheless desert before he shall have joined the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia for which he shall have been sworn and enrolled as a Substitute as aforesaid, that then, and in every such Case, the Person producing such Substitute shall remain liable to serve, and shall be compellable and compelled to serve in the Militia for which he was so ballotted as aforesaid, as if such Substitute had not been sworn and enrolled, unless he shall forthwith produce another Substitute who shall regularly join the said,

'Vvirlment serve unit* be

Regiment. produce a Substitute who join*.

V. Provided always, That in every Case where any Person who shall be liable to find a Substitute for the Where a Person said Militia, shall pay to the Clerk to the Deputy Lieutenants acting within the said County of Mldd'lefex, iiablcto find ‘ and the said County of Surrey respectively, a Sum not exceeding the Sum of ten Guineas, which such Deputy Lieutenants shall adjudge to be, as near as may be, the current Price then paid for a Volunteer, to be disposed of and applied in Manner hereinrafter mentioned, that then, and in every such Case, such Person. shall be exempt from Service in the said Militia, in the same Manner as if he himself had served, according to the Directions of the Acts passed in the twenty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, and shall be entitled to the same Allowance as he would have been by Law entitled to, in case he bad himself provided a (it Person to serve as his Substitute in the said Militia.

had provided a Substitute.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk to the said Deputy Lieutenants shall, within one Month The Clc, k to

after the passing of this Act, pay over to the Commanding Officers of the respective Regiments or Battalions, all Sum and Sums of Money received by him before the passing of this Act, for and on Account of, or from or for any Substitute or Substitutes for the said Militia, and shall also from Time to Time pay over to the said Commanding Officers, within fourteen Days after he shall receive the same, all such Sum and Sums of Money as he shall from Time to Time hereafter receive as aforesaid, from the Persons ballotted to serve in the said Militia. 1+ DayS after Kecdpt thertof.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Commanding Officers of the said Militia shall, Commanding immediately after the Receipt of any such Sum or Sums of Money, forthwith proceed to the enlisting of Volunteers for the supplying the Vacancies in the said Militia, existing at the Time of the passing of this Act, and that may hereafter arise therein, and shall apply all such Sums of Money lo transmitted to him as aforesaid in the raising such Volunteers, and from Time to Time, once at least in every Month after the -passing of this Act, transmit or cause to be transmitted to the General Meetings of Lieutenancy for the said County, accurate Returns in Writing of the respective Numbers of effective Private Men that shall have been enlisted and entered into the said Militia, speccifying in every such Return the Christian and Surname, and Description of the Person so enlisted as aforesaid, and shall transmit, or cause to be transmitted therewith, an

accurate

‘Substitutes not joining the Regiment, within one Month after Order, shall forfeit any Sam Jest by them with the Clei k of the Deputy Lieutenants.

I! a Person chosen by LiaJJot shall produce:* Substitute, who shall desert before he joins, he shall he compellable to

Substitute shall pay a Sum not exceeding ten Guineas, he shall be exempt from Service, and be entitled to the same Allowance es if he

the Deputy Lieutenants shall ay over to Command ing Officers all Mor.eyr received by him within

Officers shall apply thi Money in raising Volunteers, and transmit to the Ceneral Meetings of Lieutenancy a Return of Men enlisted, and an Account of tive Money expended.

182 ' C. 90, 91, 92. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Any Person serving in the Militia may beat up for Volunteers.

General Meetings of Lieutenancy, after Receipt of Returns, shall make an Apportionment of the Men entitled, and all Vacancies shall afterwards he filled up, and Ballots regulated according thereto; and the Families of

accurate Account of all Sums of Money expended in raising such Volunteers, together wkh the Balance remaining in his Hands from Time to Time for that Purpose.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer, Serjeant, or other Person, serving for the Time being in the said Militia, being thereunto authorised by the Commanding Officer for the T»me being, to beat up for and enlist Volunteers to serve in the said Militia, for the supplying all such Vacancies as may be, at the Time of passing this Act, in the said Militia, or at any Time afterwards shall arise therein.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Deputy Lieutenants assembled at the General Meetings of Lieutenancy, next after the Receipt of any such Returns as aforesaid, shall make an Apportionment of the Men so enlisted as aforesaid, according to the Number of Men so enlisted, and the Vacancies in the respective Parishes to be thereby supplied, and also as near as may be, according to the several and respective Amounts of the respective Sums that shall have been paid into the Hands of the Commanding (Officers by such Clerk to the Deputy Lieutenants, in the Manner and for the Purpose aforesaid; and all Vacancies afterwards arising therein shall be filled up, and all Ballots for any Men to serve in such Militia shall henceforth be regulated according to such Apportionment so made as aforesaid, in like Manner as is provided by any Act or Acts now in force for the railing, providing, and recruiting such Militia, in like Manner as if the Men so enlisted and apportioned as aforesaid, had been supplied by Ballot according to the said Acts; and the Families of all Persons enlisted by virtue of this Act, and serving in the said Militia, shall be entitled to the same Allowances from the respective Parishes to which they shall be apportioned, as by any Act of Parliament relative to the Militia are provided for the Families of Militia Men called out into actual Service.

Persons enlisted shall be entitled to Allowance from the Pari/hcs to which apportioned.

All Acts relating to the Militia extended to this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Bounties, Allowances, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in the aforesaid Acts of the twenty-sixth and thirty-seventh Years of his Majesty's Reign, or in any other Act of Parliament relative to the raising, training, embodying, and calling out of the Militia, or providing for the Families of Militia Men called out, or in any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament relative to the paying, cloathing, or fubhfting the Militia, shall be applied, practised, and put in Execution, with respect to the Militia directed to be raised by this Act, in as full and ample a Manner as if the said Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Bounties, Allowances, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were again repeated and enacted in this Act, so far as the same are applicable to the Provisions of this Act, and are not repugnant to or altered by the express Provisions of this Act*

---

CAP. XCI.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

[12th July 1799.]

---

Sum to be raised 703,5a!l. 13 4^. Number of Tickets 55,000, at 12l. 15 s. \od. each. J 1. Lottery to begin drawing March 3, 1800. % 10. Amount of Brizes 500,000l. §4. 16,765 Prize Tickets,

viz. one of 30,000l., two of 20,000l., three of 10,000l., four of 5,000l., five of 2,000l., ten of 1,000l., 44 ten of 500l., twenty-six of 100l., fifty-four of 50l., sixteen thousand six hundred and fifty of 18/, with " 30,000l. to the first drawn Ticket on the 20th Day of Drawing, and 30,000l. to the first drawn Ticket on the 26th Day, making in the Whole 500,000l. §9. Prizes to be paid August 1, 1800. §19. 44 Tickets to begin delivering August 13, 1799. §16."

---

CAP. XCII.

An Act for altering the Period of making up the Annual Account of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

[12th July 1799.]

'WHEREAS by an Act, made in the first Year of the Reign of Queen Anne,

[1 Annae, c. 22.]

intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds in Her Majesty's Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, it is directed, that the annual Account of the Stamp Duties shall be made up on the first Day of August in every Year; And whereas it is expedient that the said Account should be made up at a Period corresponding with other Accounts of the Publick Revenue; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[The annual Account of the Stamp Duties shall in future be made upon Jan. 5, yearly, or at such other Time as the Treasury shall direct.]

That, from and after the tenth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the Account of the said Duties shall be made up annually on the fifth Day of January in every Year, or at such other Period as the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, shall direct and appoint j anyt hing in the said Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 93, 94. 183

CAP. XCIII.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and also so much of an Act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, as puts an End to the Forfeiture of Inheritances upon Attainder of Treason, after the Death of the Pretender and his Sons.

[12th July 1799.]

---

[

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for improving the Union of the two Kingdoms; whereby, amongst other Things, it was provided and enacted, that after the Decease of the Person who pretended to be Prince of Wales during the Life of the late King James, and fmee pretends to be King of Great Britain, and at the End of the Term of three Years after the immediate Succession to the Crown, upon the Demise of her said late Majesty, should take Effect, no Attainder for Treason should extend to the difheriting of any Heirs, nor to the Prdu Jice of the Right or Title of any Person or Persons, other than the Right or Title of the Offender or Offenders, during his, her, or their natural Lives only; and that it should and might be lawful to every Person or Persons to whom the Right or Interest of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, after the

Death of any such Offender, should or might have appertained, if no such Attainder had been, to enter the same: And whereas by another Act, nailed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to make it High Treason to hold Correspondence with the Sons of the Pretender to His Majesty's Crown; and for attainting them of High Treason, in case they shall land or attempt to land in Great Britain, or any of the Dominions thereunto belonging; and for suspending the Operation and Effect of a Clause in the Act of the seventh Year of the late Queen Anne, for improving the Union of the two Kingdoms, relating to Forfeitures for High Treason, until after the Decease of the Sons of the said Pretender; 4 after reciting so much of the aforesaid Act as is herein before recited, it was further enacted, That the said Provision so made by the aforesaid Act should not take place, nor have any Operation, Force, or Effect whatsoever, until after the Deceases not only of the said Pretender, but also of his eldest and all and every other Son and Sons: And whereas it is expedient that the said Provisions in the two several Acts contained and herein-before recited should be repealed Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and^ Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Provisions in the said two several Acts contained and herein-before recited, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

7 Annie, c. tlj

S I*

17 Geo. a. c. 39; recited.

Provisions ct the two Acts herein recited, repealed*

---

CAP. XCIV.

An Act to ascertain the Salary of the Mailer and Worker of His Majesty's Mint.

[12th July 1799.]

---

WHEREAS the Emoluments arising from the Office of Matter and Worker of his Majesty's Mint are uncertain, and of very different Amount in different Years, and in the case of a Recoinage are excessive: For Remedy thereof,’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March last past, the Proportion of Fees, Allowances, and Emoluments, received or retained by the Matter and Worker of his Majesty's Mint, under and by virtue of the Indenture between his Majesty and the said Master and Worke* of the Mint, shall no longer be paid to, received, or retained by him for his own Use, but the same shall be received, paid, applied, and accounted for, in the Manner herein after mentioned; and that instead of the present Salary, and such Proportion of Fees, Allowances and Emoluments, there shall be paid to the Master and Worker of his Majesty's Mint, a net Salary or Sum of three thousand Pounds per Annum, which shall be accepted by him in lieu of the Salary and Proportion of Fees, Allowances, and Emoluments heretofore paid to, received, or retained by the Master and vVorker of the Mint, for his own Use, and which Salary of three thousand Pounds per Annum herebydi-re&ed to be paid as aforesaid, shall be paid and payable to him Half-yearly; that is to say, on the fifth Day of April and the tenth Day of October in every Year, out of the Proportion of Fees, Allowances, and Emoluments, herein after directed to be received and accounted for, if the same shall be sufficient for that Purpose; and if the same shall not be sufficient, then such Salary of three thousand Pounds per Annum shall be paid and payable in the Manner herein after appointed for Payment thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That ail Taxes to which the Master and Worker of his Majesty's Mint is now subject in respect of the said Office, shall be paid out of the Monies arising by the Proportion of Fees, Allowances, and Emoluments herein after directed to be received and accounted for.

From March aj, 1799, the Proportion of Fees received by the Master of the Mint shall be applied as herein after mentioned; and inftrad of the present Salary and Fees, he shall be paid 3000l. per Ann. half-yearly.

Taxes to which the Master is now subject, to bd paid out of the Fees herein dirc£)ed to be accounted fori

III. And be it further enacted, That the same Proportion of Fees, Allowances, and Emoluments, that Proportion are now paid and allowed to be received and retained by the Master and Worker of his Majesty's Mint, of ^cesdn°w shall Hill continue to be paid and allowed to and received by such Person as the Lords Commissioners of the (hai^bc

Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, shall think fit to appoint, who shall receive received by a such reasonable Salary for his Pains and Labour, and shall give such Security for duly accounting for the Person appoint-

fame, «d ty tht

184 C. 94, 95. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Treasury, and if any Surplus remains after Payment of the Sums to be paid thereout, it shall he paid into the Exchequer, and if not sufficient, the Deficiency Hull be p^d out of the Consolidated

fame, as shall be approved by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being; and a particular and distinct Account shall be kept thereof, and the same shall be accounted for to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, who are hereby required to direct the Surplus, if any shall remain after Payment of the bums hereby directed to be paid thereout, to be paid into the Exchequer, and carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund; but in case the Proportion of Fees, Allowances and Emoluments herein-before directed to be received for making the several Payments directed by this Act to be paid thereout, shall not be sufficient to answer and pay the same, then and in that Case the said Salary of three thousand Pounds per Annum, and such other Payment as aforesaid, or the Deficiency thereof, shall be paid and payable out of any Monies carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund, not already directed to be applied by any Act or Acts of Parliament.

Fund.

The Office of

IV. And be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful to grant the

Mto°belhC Office Master and Worker of his Majesty's Mint, in any other Manner than subject to the Directions of

grimed flbjeft this ActK to the Directions of this Act.

22 Geo. 3. c. 45.

V. And whereas the Covenants contained in »the Indenture usually made between his Majesty and the the M irter of to Matter and Worker of his Majesty's Mint, are not in the Nature of a Contract coming within the the Mint. 4 Meaning and Intention of an Act passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for refraining any Person concerned in any Ccv.tr aft, Commission, or Agreement, made for the Publick Service, from being elected or fitting and voting as a Member of the House of Commons be it enacted, That nothing in the said Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Person holding the Office of Matter and Worker of his Majesty's Mint.

---

CAP. XCV.

An Act to permit Goods the Produce of any Foreign Colony in America, imported directly from thence in any Ship or Vessel belonging to the Subjects of any Country or Place in Amity with His Majesty, to be entered and tended without Payment of the Duty granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom.

[12th July 1799.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, being of the Growth and Produce of any Foreign Colony, Island, or Plantation in America, imported into this Kingdom directly from any such Colony, Island, or Plantation, in Ships belonging to the Subjects of the United States of America, or of any other Country or Place in Amity with his Majesty, under the Authority of any Order or Orders of his Majesty in Council, should be permitted to be entered, landed, and warehoused, without Payment of the Duty of Customs imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament,

[38 Geo. 3. c. 76. recited.]

---

intituled, An Act for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom; and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage of certain 6 hips entering Outwards or Inwards to or from Foreign Parts. until thejigring the Preliminary Articles of Peace: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, it shall and maybe lawful for the Officers of his Majesty's Customs, to permit any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, being of the Growth and Produce of any b oreign Colony, ittand, or Plantation in America, and imported into this Kingdom directly from any such Colony, Island, or Plantation, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any of the Subjects of the United States of America, or of any other Country or Place in Amity with his Majesty, to be entered and landed in this Kingdom without Payment of the Duty of Customs imposed by the said recited Act; provided such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shall be permitted to belauded and warehoused in this Kingdom by virtue and under the Authority of any Order or Orders of his Majesty in Council.

Goods of the Growth of any Foreign Colony in America, imported directly from thence in Vessels belonging to Subjects of any Place in Amity with his Majesty, may

be landed without Payment of the Custom Duty imposed by the recited Act, if permitted by Order in Council )

and may be delivered for Exportation without Payment of such Duty; but if delivered for Home Con-(umption, the Duties imposed by that Act, and c. 63. 0* tl.e prtfcm Session

II. And be it further enacted, That any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, so imported, landed, and warehoused, shall and may be afterwards delivered from any such Warehouse for Exportation to Foreign Parts without Payment of the Duty of Customs imposed by the said recited Act on the Exportation of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize: Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or becon-strued to extend, to exempt Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, so imported as aforesaid, from the Payment of any of the Duties imposed by the said recited Act, in case any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be taken out of any Warehouse for the Purpose of being used or consumed in this Kingdom, or from the Duties of Customs granted by an Act of this present Session of Parliament.

shall be paid.

---

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 96, 97, 98. 185

CAP. XCVI.

An Act to enable Matthew Boulton, Engineer, to export the Machinery necessary for erecting a Mint in the Dominions of His Imperial Majesty, the Emperor of all the Russias.

[12th July 1799.]

'WHEREAS his Imperial Majesty Paul the First, Emperor of all the Russias, hath proposed to erect and establish a Mint at Saint Petersburgh, or in some other Part of his said Majesty's Dominions; and to employ Matthew Boulton of Soho in the County of Stafford, Engineer, in erecting the same, and in making and exporting the Machinery necessary for that Purpose: And whereas it may be expedient to enable the said Matthew Boulton to execute the said Work, it being doubtful whether, consistently with the Law as it now stands, he can execute the same without being subject to certain Penalties and Forfeitures;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[

That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, His Majesty* by Writing or Warrant under his Hand and Seal, under such Restrictions and Conditions, and in such s^tTma°aii« Manner as he shall think proper, to license and authorize the said Matthew Boulton, and all and every thodzITMr^ Person and Persons, whom he shall think fit to employ for such Purposes, to have in his or their Custody, Boulton to Power, or Possession, with Intent to export, and to collect, obtain, make, apply for, or cause or procure eieftaMintut to be made, with Intent to export, and to export, and to do, or cause to be done, all or any Acts whatsoever, Russia* in or for or towards the exporting, or which shall be necessary to enable him or them to make, obtain, have, or procure for exporting, and to enable him or them to export any Machinery, Tools, Utensils,

Implements, or other Things, of what Nature soever, or any Parts thereof, or any Models or Plans, or Parts thereof, for the effectually enabling the said Matthew Boulton, or such Persons as aforesaid, to ered. and establish, or cause to be eroded and established, such Mint as aforesaid; and all Acts, Matters, and Things which shall be done in pursuance of and according to such Licence and Authority, shall be, and be deemed and taken to be lawful; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Public Act.]

4‘. Officers of the Customs may enter the Machinery, &c. which shall hot be liable to Seizure. §2. His Majesty's Secretary of State may authorize Mr. Boulton to contract with Workmen to go out of the Kingdom;*} 3. and to do any Thing necessary for executing the Work. If any Question shall afife his Majesty's Secretary of State shall determine it. §4. $ 5."

---

CAP. XCVII.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

[12th July 1799.]

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act to allow the Importation of Spanish Wool in Ships belonging to Countries in Amity with His Majesty.

[12th July 1799.]

---

[

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, amongst other Things, to prevent Traitorous Correspondence with his Majesty's Enemies, and by several

subsequent Acts, Trade and intercoarfe is prohibited between Great Britain and the Countries in Hostility with his Majesty, unless such Trade and Intercourse shall be specially permitted by his Majesty's Licence /. r and Authority: And whereas, for the Encouragement of the Manufactures of this Country, it is expedient to permit the Importation of Spanish Wool from any Place whatever, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be Spanish Wool lawful to and for any Person or Persons to import into this Kingdom, Spanish Wool from any Port or Place be import-whatever in Foreign Parts, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his £clon Yn «> Majesty 5 any Thing in the said Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, countries in or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Amity with his Majesty, notwithstanding the recited Act.]

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Ship or Vessel, having on board any Spanish Wool, has ycflcls detained. been or may be detained, and it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Lords of his Majesty's Council that hiving spamrti his Majesty's Licence was granted for the Importation of such Spanish Wool before such Detention, it Gull Wo)1 on board and may be lawful for the said Lords of his Majesty's Council, and they are hereby authorised and Or^cT0^ required to order and direct the immediate Restoration of every such Ship or Vessel, and all such Spanish i,is Majesty*i Wool, under the aforesaid Circumstances, to the respective Owner or Owners, or Proprietor or Proprietors council, if thereof. >. Licence wai

previously granted for the Importation.

---

186 C. 99. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

CAP. XCIX.

An Act to encourage the Trade into the Levant Seas, by providing a more convenient Mode of performing Quarantine, and for reducing the Duty granted by an Act of the last Section, on Goods the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported to any Place within the Streights of Gibraltar.

[12th July 1799.]

[26 Geo. III. c. 18. recited.]

'WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas, it is amongst other Things enacted, that no Goods or Merchandizes liable to retain the Infection of the Plague, and coming from the Levant without a clean Bill of Health, shall be landed in any Part of Great Britain or Ireland, or of the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, unless it shall appear to the Satisfaction of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or of his or their Privy Council, that the said Goods or Merchandizes have been sufficiently opened and aired in the Lazarets of Malta, Ancona, Venice, Messina, Leghorn, Genoa, and Marseilles, or one of them: And whereas it is expedient to permit Goods and Merchandize to be imported from the Levant under certain Regulations and Reductions, without having been opened and aired as directed by the said recited Act: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted;' and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[His Majesty,

That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful to and for his by Order io. Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, by any Order or

Council, may Orders to be issued from Time to Time, to grant Licence and Permission for the Importation into Great

i^rry oi Goods Britain, or the (Hands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, of all Goods, Wares, and Merchan-coming fromche dizes, coming from the Levant Seas without clean Bills of Health, without such Goods and Merchandizes Levant Sea?, having been opened and aired in the Lazarets of any of the Ports or Places mentioned in the said recited Act,

without clean and that all such Goods and Merchandizes shall and may be admitted to an Entry in any of the Ports of

?ruachh, Great Britain* or the said lljandsof Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, and Mans subject neverthelefe to such Good^flia^not Regulations, Rules, Orders, and Directions, with respect to opening and airing such Goods and Merchaq-have been aired dizes previous to the landing thereof, and to the Performance of Quarantine by the Crews or other Persons mrhe Lazartts belonging to or being on Board of the Ships or Vessels in which such Goods or Merchandizes shall be

mentioned in imported, as his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, shall, by any Oder or Orders to be

to such ^ued as a^ore^a^> make, prescribe, or direct; any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Regulations and (Lnding.

Performance of quarantine as his Majesty by Order shall diyeft.

Non observance

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Regulations, Rules, Orders, and Directrom* ftaMrui^ea the rnac^e» Prescribed, °* directed, in such Order, shall not be duly observed and practised by all and every the Per-

Dclholters to ^ons belonging to or being on Board any Ship or Vesselin which such Goods or Merchandize shall be im-

the Penalties ported as aforesaid, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, then and in every such Case fuefr Insti&ed byre, Person or Perlpns shall be subject and liable to all such Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilicies, as are eited A$. inflicted by the said Act of his late Majesty for Offences committed contrary to the said Act, as if this Act* or any Order of his Majesty in pursuance thereof, had not been made.

The Duty im

III. And be it fcirther enacted, That so much of an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of pored by 38 his present MajestyJntituled, An Act for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting

* Geo. 3. c. 76. new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage of certain Ships cu-

JTableC) ofal. ^r'ing outwards or inwards, to or from Foreign Parts, until signing the Preliminary Articles of Peace, as im-oft he Va lu^of P°^s a Duty of two Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Goods, Ware6*. British Goods and Merchandize, the Growth, Produce,.or Manufacture of Great Britain, exported to any Port or Place xjjorted to any whatever, not being within Europe, so far as relates to any such Goods* Wares, or Merchandize, exported Place not i* to any Port or piace within the Streights of Gibraltar, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease *UrclTtcs to ail<^ and be no longer paid or payable.

Goods exported to any Place within the Streightt of Gibraltar^ shall etafe j

and instead

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act* there shall be raised, fevird,

thereof 10s. for C0Uefted, and paid,’unto his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon all Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, of Valu^ihailbe Growth, Produce, or Manufacture* (except Sugar, and also such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which

paid; by any special Provision in the said last recited Act are exempt from the respective Duties therehy im-

Bx^ptions. pofcdj expoited from this Kingdom to any Port or Place within the Streights of Gibraltar, a Duty of

ton Shillings for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof; which Duty shall be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, fscured, and recovered, in such and the like Mao-ner. Ways, Means, and Methods, and shall be paid, accounted for, and applied, as the Duty hereby repealed is by the said last recited Act directed to be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, securid*. recovered, paid, accounted for, and applied*

---

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 100. 187

CAP. C.

An Act to revive and continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue and amend an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries; and to amend an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for extending the Fisheries, and improving the Sea Coast of this Kingdom.

[12th July 1799.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign,

[26 Geo. 3. c. 81.]

intituled, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries,

---

[(continued and which was to continue in Force from the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, for the Term of feveit amende J by2?

"Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas by two Acts, Geo j. c. 10.

rniade in the twenty-seventh and thirty-fifth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, the said first mentioned 55 3*

Act was further continued and amended: And whereas by an Act passed in the iaft Session of Parliament, c

the said last mentioned Act was further continued until the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred ^Cit£d’3#C 5 4 and ninety-nine: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act of the thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign should be.revived, and further continued and amended ;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s iwoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, k. An Act for the more effectual Enccu- continued in ragement of the British FisheriesJ and all the Powers and Provisions therein contained, shall, from and after Foret t a the the first Day of March one fheufend seven hundred and ninety-nine, be revived, and 6he feme is hereby End 01 t;,e next revived, and shall continue and be in Force until the End of the next Session of Parliament. Session.

[The Governor, &c.

II. And whereas by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for incorporating certain Persons therein named by the Name and Stile of The British Society of thf for extending the Fisheries and improving the Sea Coasts of this Kingdom; and to enable them, when in- ?rltlftl 4 -corporated* to subscribe a Joint Stock, and therewith to purchase Lands, and build thereon Free Towns, VII- ^Gep^T 4 dages, and Fishing Stations, in the Highlands and islands in that Part of (jreat Britain called Scotland; and a 106. em- for other Purpfes; certain Persons therein named and others were incorporated into a Company by the powered to give Name of The Jdritish Society for extending the Fifaeries and improving the Sea Coasts of this Kingdom: And Premiums and whereas it would greatly tend to promote the laudable and beneficial Purposes of the said Society if the ^gnast°. I cr" ‘^Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors of the said Society, were empowered in certain Cases to sTcietyVscttlc- employ a certain Part of the Funds of the said Society otherwise than they are by the said Act enabled to ments'; vit

do p be it enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, it shall and may be lawful for the Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors of the said Society, or such,

Part of them ns is authorised by the said Act to direct the Affairs of the said Society, Or for such Persons as may be by them directed and authorised, to expend any Sums of Money, being Part of the Funds of the said Society, which they shall deem expedient, not exceeding sixty Pounds in any one Year, in Premiums 60l. a Year in or Rewards to such sober and industrious Persons, resident at any of the Settlements formed or to be formed Premiums ro by the said Society, as they shall deem most deserving, by reason of their Experlness in Fishing, curing of Persons the mo/t FJib, preparing of Soap or Oil from Filb, making of Nets, or in the Cultivation of the Soil, or other useful * Arts tending to the Advancement of the beneficial Purposes of the said Society; and also to lend at such ’j in Loans Interest, not exceeding legal Interest, as the Directors shall appoint, a certain Sum or Sums of Money, not to Persons for exceeding five hundred Pounds in the Whole, for the Purpose of purchasing, building, or equipping Boats purctiaiing or other Vessels for the Fishery; and also such further Sum or Sums of Money in Loans to such Persons as Veflih fortbe may build Houses or Tenements at any of the Settlements of the said Society, the Sum so lent in no Cale to exceed one third of the Value of the Houses or Tenements so to be built, such Value to be ascertained by bu^Jdfn^Hcufcs! satisfactory Certificates, and to be repaid, by equal Instalments, in the Course of five Years; and also such 20ol Loafts ’ Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two hundred Pounds, in Loans, on proper Security, to be repaid in Co persons pro-one Year, to such Person or Persons as may undertake to provide Stores of Oatmeal, Salt, or other Ne- riding Stous.at certarits, at any c f the said Settlements, for the Use of the Inhabitants thereof, the Sum lent to any such Per- tiic Settlement.: ion or Persons in no Case exceeding two Thirds of the Value of the Salt, Oatmeal, or other such Need! ir es. which such Persons shall become bound to provide; and also such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding And -cd niwir* two hundred Pounds, in Loans, to such Person or Persons as may undertake to establish any Manufactory to Pufons wiW of Nets, Sail Cloth, or Cordage, or of spinning of Hemp, Flax, or Woollen Yarn, the Sum so to be lent to undertake to any such Person or Persons to be repaid within such Time as the Directors shall think fit, not exceeding three Years, and in no Case to exceed two Thirds of the Value of the Hemp, Flax, Wool, or other Materials ff* which such Person (half fiave provided or become bound to provide for such Manufactory: Provided always, &c.

'That nothing in this Act shall be construed to diminish the Powers of any General Meeting of the said Society as crtablished by the said Act, or to impeach the Validity of any Bye Law of the said Society, legally made at any fqch General Meeting.

III. And whereas the said British Society are directed by the said Act to lodge the Money arising from Surges Money the Subscriptions of the Members thereof, or otherwise, in certain Bank?, without any Power to invi it the 01

r 7 Pk, % e may be iuu ;U:t

188

in Government Securities, or Jcnt on Heritable Bonds in Scotland*

fc6Cro. 3. c. 41. and so much of 2i; Geo. 3. c. 53. as relates to the Fisheries carried «n in the Greenland Seas and Davis’s

Strcighti, continued till Dec. a 5, 1800.

C. 21.

+ '3 S-7 Geo. 3. c. fi. continued till March 25, 1806.

[Ire 3; Geo. 3.

*. 3*. § i.j

>4 Geo. 3. c. *.

c. 99. t

The Bounties granted by the recited Act shall, from Jan. 1, 1799, revived, and continue in For ce for two Years horn that La/.

188 C. 100, 101, 102. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799

c same in such Manner as to produce ap Interest whilst the same is not employed in prosecuting the Purpose*

of the said Act, which has proved to be disadvantageous to the said Society be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day qt July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, it shall be lawful for the Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors of the said Society, or such Part of them'as is authorised by*, the said Act to direct the Affairs of the said Society, to invert such Surplus Money of the said Society, as may be from Time to Time under their Direction, in Government Securities, or to lend the same on Heretable Bonds in Scotland, for the Purpose of obtaining an Interest for the same during such Time as it cannot be beneficially employed for the Purposes of the said Act; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

---

CAP. CI.

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand eight hundred, and to the discontinuing the Duties payable on the Importation of Tallow, Hog’s Lard, and Grease, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and six.

[12th July 1799.]

---

WHEREAS the Laws herein-after mentioned have been found useful and beneficial, and are near expiring: Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis’s Streights, which was to be in Force for five Years, from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six; and also so much of an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Newfoundland, Greenland, and Southern Whale Fisheries, as relates to the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights; which, by an Act made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were amended and continued until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and which were, by another Act made in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand eight hundred.

II. And be it further enacted, That an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hog’s Lard, and Grease, which was to be in Force for three Years from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by several subsequent Acts of the tenth, thirteenth, sixteenth, nineteenth, twenty-second, twenty-sixth, twenty-ninth, thirty-second, and thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of his said Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and six.

---

CAP. CII.

An Act to revive and continue, until the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, the Bounties granted by an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland and the British Dominions in Europe.

[12th July 1799.]

---

WHEREAS so much of an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual the several Laws now in Force for encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, and for granting Bounties for a limited Time, on certain Terms and Conditions, as relates to the Bounties thereby granted, which was to continue in Force for the Term of ten Years, from the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and which was revived, and further continued for two Years by an Act made in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, has been found useful and beneficial:

And whereas it is expedient that so much of the said Act as relates to the Bounties thereby granted should be revived, and further continued: Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Bounties granted by the said recited Act, and all and every Regulation therein contained respecting the same, shall, from and after the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, be revived, and the same are hereby revived; and the said Bounties shall be paid and allowed, and the said Regulations shall continue in Force for and during the further Term of two Years from the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

---

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 103 - 106. 189

CAP. CIII.

An Act for making Allowances in Certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace.

[12th July 1799.]

[See 35 Geo. III. Cap. 35; 36 Geo. III. Cap. 116; 37 Geo. III. Cap. 116; 38 Geo. III. Cap. 70. Act to continue till March 25, 1800.]

CAP. CIV.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second*, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to grant Commissions to a certain Number of Foreign Protestants, who have served Abroad as Officers or Engineers, to act and rank as Officers or Engineers in America only, under certain Restrictions and Qualifications.

[12th July 1799.]

[* c. 5.]

"His Majesty empowered to add a sixth and seventh Battalions to the 60th Regiment, and Foreigners may serve therein in America. §1. Foreign Officers may serve and receive Pay therein. §2. Foreign Officers to serve in America only, and may receive Half-Pay. §3." [See 38 Geo. III. Cap. 13. for adding the fifth Battalion.]

CAP. CV.

An Act to continue and amend so much of an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to carry on the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva.

[12th July 1799.]

---

"33 Geo III. Cap. 59. §5, 6, recited. MefT. Bishop shall continue to pay for every 120 Gallons of Wash produced from 112 lb. of Malt or Corn, 1 / 7 s. 3 d. §1. For every 112 lb. of Malt or Corn, the Excise Officer fh *11 allow a Credit of Gallons of Spirits of one to fix under Hydrometer Proof. §2.

4; MefT. Bishop shall not send out any Spirits of a greater Strength than one to fix under Hydrometer Proof, on Penalty of Forfeiture, &c. §3. Excels of Spirits in Stock beyond the Credit allowed,

to be forfeited. §4. Before using any Malt or Corn for making Wash, twelve Hours Notice shall hd given to the Excise Officer, on Penalty of zoo/. § y. If the proper Officer find, on Distillation by Stills " provided for the Purpose, that 30 Gallons of Wash produce more than 2} Gallons of Spirits at the*

Strength of one to fix under Hydrometer Proof, the whole Quantity of Wash in the Possession of MefL BishopfhzW be charged with a Duty of 1 s. per Gallon, and they shall forfeit besides 6d. for every Gal-w Ion. §6. MefT. BishopfhzU not carry on the Trade of diddling Geneva in any other Places than thofs u now occupied by them, nor use any larger Vessels. $ 7. Recovery and Application of Penalties. § Si " Duties to be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise. $9. Powers of 12 Car. II*.

#< Cap. 24. (not hereby altered) to extend to this Act. §10. Duties to be paid into the Exchequer. § ire Act to commence from July 5, 1799^ and remain in Force for five Years from thehce. §12."

---

CAP. CVI.

An Act for the Reduction of the Militia Forces, at the Time and in the Manner therein limited; for enabling His Majesty more effectually to increase His Regular Forces, for the vigorous Prosecution of the War; and for amending the Laws relating to the Militia.

[12th July 1799.]

---

WHEREAS the present Situation of publick Affairs admits of a considerable Diminution of the defensive Force existing in this Kingdom; and it may therefore be expedient to discharge or disembody a certain Proportion of the Militia Forces: And whereas it is expedient that the Laws relating to the Militia should be amended in certain Particulars: And whereas it is highly important that the mod ‘ effectual Measures should at the same Time be adopted for augmenting his Majesty's Regular Forces, for the vigorous Prosecution of the War against the Enemy: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Tha^ so much of two several Acts, passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Somuchof^ Reign of his present Majesty, for providing an Augmentation to the Militia, as fixes the Number of Men Gf°* 3* cc- 3 to be raised in the federal Counties, Ridings* and Places, therein mentioned, shall, from and after the patting the Number of this Act, be, and the same is hereby repealed. Men to ra, fed> Tepeakd.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Number of Private The Number of Men to be raised, and who shall remain liable to serve in Manner herein after mentioned as Militia for the said Men to be raised several Counties, Ridings, and Places, in those several Acts mentioned, shall, together with the Number of in lhc Places Men required by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and with Volunteers raised by virtue of an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in- with the N*um-tituled. An Act for augmenting the Militia^ be as follows; that is to say, he required by

C-co. 3. c. 107. and with Volunteers raised under 34 Geo. 3. c. 16. shall be as loiAow*.

---

190 C. 106. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

[Total for the 40 Counties in England 71,198; for the 12 in Wales 5368. Total 76,566, (instead of 94,718, the Number under the former Acts:) Of whom one Forth are allowed to be discharged under this Act, and enlisted in the Army: This Quota is increased under c. 1. of Sess. 2. of this Year to three Fifths of the Whole, i.e. about 46,000; reducing the Militia to something under 31,000, or almost exactly the Number originally raised under 16 Geo. 3. c. 107. but more equally proportioned on the several Counties by Means of the various Acts.]

For the County of Bedford, five hundred and ninety-four:

For the County of Berks, one thousand and fifty-one:

For the County of Bucks, one thousand one hundred and twenty-two:

For the County of Cambridge, nine hundred and one:

For the County of Chester, with the City and County of the City of Chester, one thousand six hundred and fifty eight:

For the County of Cornwall, one thousand two hundred and eleven:

For the County of Cumberland, one thousand one hundred and fifty-two:

For the County of Derby, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight:

For the County of Devon, with the City and County of the City of Exeter, two thousand eight hundred and thirty-five:

For the County of Dorset, with the Town and County of the Town of Poole, seven hundred and seventy:

For the County of Durham, nine hundred and twenty-one;

For the County of Essex, two thousand three hundred and thirty-one:

For the County of Gloucester, with the City and County of the City of Gloucester, and the City and County of the City of Bristol, two thousand one hundred and seventy-eight:

For the County of Hereford, nine hundred and seventy-five:

For the County of Hertford, eight hundred and ninety-nine:

For the County of Huntingdon, two hundred and ninety-six:

For the County of Kent, with the City and County of the City of Canterbury, two thousand four hundred and twenty eight:

For the County of Lancaster, four thousand five hundred and seventy-five:

For the County of Leicester, one thousand two hundred and three:

For the County of Lincoln, with the City and County of the City of Lincoln, two thousand five hundred and sixty-four:

For the County of Middlesex, exclusive of the Tower Division, commonly called The Tower Hamlets, five thousand six hundred and ninety-six:

For the County of Monmouth, five hundred and twenty-two:

For the County of Norfolk, with the City and County of the City of Norwich, two thousand two hundred and sixty-six:

For the County of Northampton, one thousand three hundred and fifty-seven:

For the County of Northumberland, with the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, one thousand two hundred and sixteen:

For the County of Nottingham, with the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, one thousand and fifty-six:

For the County of Oxford, one thousand one hundred and thirty:

For the County of Rutland, one hundred and fifty-four:

For the County of Salop, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-six:

For the County of Somerset, two thousand nine hundred and seventeen:

For the County of Southampton, with the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, one thousand five hundred and ninety-four:

For the County of Stafford, with the City and County of the City of Litchfield, two thousand one hundred and twenty-four:

For the County of Suffolk, one thousand nine hundred and fifty-five:

For the County of Surrey, two thousand five hundred and three:

For the County of Sussex, one thousand five hundred and four:

For the County of Warwick, with the City and County of the City of Coventry, one thousand two hundred and eighty:

For the County of Westmorland, four hundred and fifty-three:

For the County of Worcester, with the City and County of the City of Worcester, one thousand one hundred and fifty-five:

For the County of Wilts, one thousand seven hundred and twenty:

For the West Riding of the County of York, with the City and County of the City of York, four thousand five hundred and fifty-five:

For the North Riding of the said County, one thousand seven hundred and seven:

For the East Riding of the said County, with the Town and County of the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull, one thousand and fifty-six:

For the County of Anglesea, three hundred and sixty-eight:

For the County of Brecon, three hundred and eighty-four:

For the County of Cardigan, four hundred and fifty-six:

For the County of Carmarthen, with the County Borough of Carmarthen, seven hundred and sixty:

For the County of Carnarvon, two hundred and thirty-nine:

For the County of Denbigh, six hundred and forty-five:

For the County of Flint, three hundred and seventy seven:

For the County of Glamorgan, seven hundred and fifty four:

For the County of Merioneth, two hundred and twenty-six:

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 106. 191

For the County of Montgomery, five hundred and twenty-one:

For the County of Pembroke, with the Town and County of the Town of Haverfordwest, three hundred and seventy-seven:

For the County of Radnor, two hundred and sixty-one:

[The Number may be farther reduced as after stated.]

and that the Number of Men so remaining shall be liable to further Reduction, in the Proportions, and in the Manner, and at the Time herein after limited and appointed.

---

[Commanding Officers shall cause Returns of the Number Of iffeClive Mco-to be made to the General Meeting of Lieutenancy, that the Excess may be reduced, or the Deficiency supplitd.]

III. And be it further enacted, That every Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, and Company of Militia raised and serving for any County, Riding, or Place, herein-before mentioned, shall, within twenty Days from the passing of this Act, cause Returns of the respective Numbers of effectice Private Militia Men actually serving in the Regiment, Battalion, or Companies of Militia, under the Command of such Officer, to be made to the General Meeting of Lieutenancy of the County, Riding, or Place, to which such Militia (bad belong, in order that a RuJudion of the same may take Place for every County, Riding, or Place, where the Numbers actually serving shall exceed the Proportion herein-before specified; and that the Number hereby required may be speedily and effectually supplied from and by such Counties, Ridings, and Places, where the Number actually serving shall fall short of the Proportion hereinbefore specified.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where it shall be requisite to supply by Ballot the Number of Men appointed to serve in the Militia of any County, Riding, or Place, under the Provisions of this Act, the additional Man or Number of Men required to complete such Quota or Number of Men,

shall be raised, provided, and chosen by Ballot in the Manner directed by and under the Rules and Regulations prescribed in the said Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be chosen by Ballot and enrolled in the said Militia, after the passing of this Act, shall, upon Notice in the Manner directed by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year aforesaid, appear at such Meeting as shall be appointed by any three or more Deputy Lieutenants co be holden for that Purpose, and there take the following Oath; (that is to say,}

j[ A. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will he faithful, and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty King George; and I do Iwear, that I will faithfully serve in the Militia, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the Defence of the same, during the Term of five Years, for which I am enrolled* unlefe I 4 shall be sooner discharged/

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be enrolled as* a Substitute or Volunteer to serve in the said Militia, shall, at the Time of such Inrolment as aforesaid* take the following Oath; (that is to say,)

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty King George; and I do swear, that I will faithfully serve in the Kingdom of Great Britain for the De- fence of the same, during the Term of five Years, or for such further Time as the Militia shall remain embodied, unless I shall be sooner discharged.’

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, at any General Meeting of Lieutenancy, and the Deputy Lieutenants acting for such County, Riding, or Place, in their respective Subdivisions, shall, in racting such Deficiency, tafce into Consideration the Number of effectice Privates actually serving for each Parish or Tything of such County, Riding, or Place, in the said Militia, and shall cause the Number of Men who shall be at any Time hereafter required to supply such Deficiency, to be raised and ballotted for out of those Parishes, Townships, and Tythings, that shall not have raised their respective Proportions, according to the Number of Men then serving for the Whole of the Militia of such County, Riding, or Place respectively \ and shall in like Manner cause the Number of Men necessary for supplying such future Vacancies as may arise in such Militia, or any Part thereof, to be raised, chosen, and bsdlotted for out of such taft mentioned Parishes, Townships, and Tythings, until such Time as each Pa-rifty, Township, and Tything shall have, raised its due Proportion, according to the Di red ions of this Act; and shall raise the Men required to be raised by this Act by such Rules as are prescribed for raising Men for such respective Regiments, Battalions, and Companies of Militia in the said Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign before mentioned, without Regard to the Circumstance whether such Vacancy arose from among the Militia established by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, or the said Supplementary Militia, or among any Volunteers raised under the said Act of the thirty-fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign.

VIII. Provided always, That whenever the Lists of two or more Parishes, Townships, Tythings, or Places, shall have been added together for the Choice of any Militia Man or Men in pursuance of the said several Acts before mentioned, or any of them, and a Vacancy shall arise after the Time when the several Parishes, Townships, Tythings, and Places in the County, Riding, or Place, in which such Militia Man or Men shall have been raised, (hart have completed their jpft Proportions, according to this Act, then, and in every such Case, a Militia Man shall be ballotted to supply such Vacancy, and so from Time to Time whenever such Vacancy shall arise, out of the Lists returned for the Tame Parishes, Townships, Tythings-, and Places so added together, in the same Manner a by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty is directed to be done when the same Parishes, Townships, Tythings, and Places were added together, in order to raise the Militia Man who shall have otoufioned such Vacancy.

The additional Men to complete the Quote* shall be chosetv-by Ballot as directed by »6 Geo. 3. c. 107. and on Notice shall appear, and t*ke the following.

Oath.

Substitutes fhatt-take the following

Oath.

Directions for raising Men tfr* supply Deficiencies.

Vacancies arifs ing after Places whose Lists have been added together, have raised their Quota, shall be supplied out of such Lists, as directed by 26 Geo. 3. c. icy*

iQ2 C. %q6. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Qaoti shall be corti l'ted uith.n three Mi nths alter passing this Act; qtyi cep Jitivd to the Secretary at War, and Notice given to the Commanding C nicer.

IX. And be it farther enabled. That the Quota or Number of Men required by this Act, where the same

is npw deficient, shall be completed within three Calendar Months after the passing of this Act; and when and as (bon as any such Quota or "Number of Men shall be completed, the Lieutenant, or, in the Absence of the Lieutenant, any three Deputy Lieutenants of such. County, Riding, or Place, authorised by his Majesty to act as Lieutenant, shall, and he and they is and are hereby required forthwith to certify the same in Writingxo the Secretary at War, and to give Notice to the Commanding Officer of the Militia of such County, Riding, or Place, of such Certificate having been sent as aforesaid: Provided always, That the Quota of any County, Riding, or Place, shall not be 'deemed to be complete until all the Men required by such Quota shall have joined the Regiment, Battalion, or Company, or Regiments, Battalions, or Companies of Militia, of such County, Riding, or, Place.

Quota shall not be deemed complete till all the Men have joined.

1 Where the Quota shall not be completed within three Months alter parting this Act, 10l. shall be paid annually by the County, &c. for each Man deficient, to be asserted at the Michaelmas Sessions, as like wife in future for 5very Man not provided within three Months after Notice of any Deficiency.

The Magiftrotr s

r4ih&ll apportion 'such Allcrtf-tnents upon a whole County in the same Proportions in which the Men are required to be raised by the Pari Ihcs i and when the Deficiency shall arise from the Default of any partkijlarPanlh or Parishes, shall aflefi them ac-coidingly.

The Magistrates shall transmit the Sums afftfled to the County Treasurer, &c. who shall give Notice ther<-of to the O erfeeTS, who shall pay the Money cut of the Poor Rates.

TrcifnrrfS Chill retain Mot!':, three Mor.t.v-, curing which i’triod

X. And be it further enacted, That in every County, Riding, or Place, in which the full Number of Private Men required as the Quota of such County, Riding, or Place, b,y this Act, shall not be raised and completed, within three Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, then and in every such Case the Sum of ten Pounds shall be annually paid, for and in lieu of every Private Militia Man by this Act diredhrd to be raised within the same County, Riding, or Place, who shall not have been raised within the Time limited by this Act; and the Justices of the Peace and Magistrates of every such County, Riding, and Place, assembled at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be held next after the Feast of Saint Michael, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall, upon the Receipt of the Certificate of the Lieutenant, or three Deputy Lieutenants, authorised as aforesaid, which Certificate he and they is or are hereby required to transmit to the Clerk of the Peace for such County, Riding, or Place, to be laid before the said Justices and Magistrates respe&iyely at such Seflkms, rate and assess the said Sum of ten Pounds per Man as aforesaid, upon every such County, Riding, or Place; and in case at any future Time the Number of Men required to be provided for the Militia of any County, Riding, or Place, according to the several Provisions of this Act, shall not be provided within three Calendar Months after the Lieutenant, or any oile of the three Deputy Lieutenants authorised as aforesaid, shall have had Notice from or by the Oder of the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of such MilUia of any such Deficiency, then and in every such Case the Justices and Magistrates as aforesaid, assembled at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the County, Riding, or Place, after such Deficiency shall have been made known to them by the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, shall rate and assess the like Sum of ten Pounds for every Man so deficient as aforesaid, upon every such County, Riding, or Place.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Justices and Magistrates aforesaid, in making any such Rate and Assessment upon the Whole of any County ^Riding, or Place, shall apportion the Sums lb to be alTeftld as aforesaid, and rate and assess the same upon the several Parishes and Tythings in such County, Riding, or Place, in the same Proportions in which the Men for the Militia are required to be raised by such Parishes and Tythings respectively, according to such Apportionment as may have been made thereof in pursuance of this Act, or to the last Apportionment that shall have been made of Men to be raised by each Parish and Ty thing, by the last General Meeting of Lieutenancy held before the passing of this Act.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when, in any County, Ricfing, or Place, such Deficiency of Men shall arile from the Default of any particular Parish or Parishes, Ty thing or Tythings, in such County, Riding, or Place, in not raising the Proportion or respective Proportions of Men required to be raised by any such Parish or Tything, or Parishes or Tythings, that then and in any such Cases the said Justices and Magistrates, in making such Rate and Assessment as aforesaid, shall rate and ajless all and every such Sum and Sums of Money upon such Parish or Tything, or Parishes or Tythings, that shall have (o made Default as aforesaid, in Proportion to the Number of Men by which each of such Parishes or Tythings shall fall short of the Number of Men required to be raised therein.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Justices and Magiltraces of the several Counties, Ridings, and Places, where any such Rate and Assessment shall be made as aforesaid, shall, immediately after the making of any such Rate and Assessment as aforesaid, transmit, or cause to be transmitted, the several Amounts of the Sums so allelTed upon the several Parishes and Tythings to the Treasurer or Treasurers of such County, Riding, or Place; and such Treasurer or Treasurers shall, as soon as conveniently may be, cause Notice thereof lobe given to the respective Overseers of the Poor of the several Parishes and Tythings upon which any such Rare or Assessment shall have been made as aforesaid 5 and such Overseers shall, within fourteen Days aft t fuel) Notice as aforesaid of such Rate or Assessment, pay the Amount of the Rate or Assessment made upon their reflective Parishes or Tythings out of any Money in their or any of their Hands of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor; and if they, or any of them, shall not have sufficient of such Money for that Purpose, then (ucn Ovei leers shall, and they are hereby required to puke a Rate for the Relief of the Poor sufficient to satisfy such Rale and Assessment; and it shall be lawful for the said Overseers to levy and collect the same in such Manner as Rates made for the Relief of the Poor, or any other Rates made for the Purposes of this A Si may be levied and collected.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer or Treasurers, receiving any such Sum or Sums of Money, shall retain such Sum and Sums of Money in his Hands fxMtthree CalcuJar Months after the Receipt thereof; and during the said Period of three Months it shall be lawful for any Deputy Lieutenant of the Subdivision of the la,d County, Riding, or Place, within which such Parish, Township, or Place shall be liiuate, to raise any Volunteer or Volunteers for such Militia in lieu of such Manor Menas shall be lo

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 106. 193

deficient as aforesaid, and to agree with any such Volunteer for a Bounty not exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds; and the Deputy Lieutenants, before whom such Volunteer shall be sworn and enrolled to serve in *he Militia, shall make an Order upon such Treasurer or Treasurers for the Payment of such Bounty; and upon the Production to such Treasurer or Treasurers of a Certificate, under the Hands of such Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, of any such Volunteer having been sworn and enrolled to serve in the Militia, and of such Order for the Payment of such Bounty as aforesaid, and of a Certificate under the Hands of the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia of such County, Riding, or Place, of such Man having joined his Rfeeiment, Battalion, or Corps, such Treasurer or Treasurers shall, and he and they is and are hereby respectively required to pay, out of such Money in his Hands as aforesaid, any Sum of Money not exceeding the said Sum of ten Pounds for each of such Volunteers as aforesaid; and such Treasurer or Treasurers shall, at the Expiration of three Months after the Receipt of such Money as aforesaid, pay all such Sums of Money as may remain in his or their Hands, for and on Account of any such Fines as aforesaid, and that shall not have been paid for and on Account of any such Volunteer as aforesaid, in Manner herein directed, to the Receiver General of such County, Riding, or Place, to be applied and disposed of in like Manner as directed by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

XV. And whereas Doubts have arisen with respect to the Allowances to the Families of Persons serving in the Militia as Volunteers under the said Act of the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.’ be it therefore enacted, That the like Allowances shall be made to the Families of Persons serving in the Militia as Volunteers as aforesaid, as by several Acts passed in the Reign of his present Majesty are directed to be made to the Families of Persons serving as Privates in the Militia; such Allowances to be ordered, paid, and reimbursed by such Persons, and in such Manner, and to be divided, apportioned, and borne in such and the like Manner, in every Respect, as is directed by two several Acts passed in the thirty-third and thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, with respect to the Allowances made to the Families of Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers, and Fifers.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Pay of every Person enrolled to serve in the Militia of any County, Riding, or Place, after the passing of this Act, shall commence upon the Day on which such Person shall join the Regiment, Battalion, or Company, to which he shall belong, and not before 2 Provided always, That if such Person shall have been prevented joining such Regiment, Battalion, or Company, by Sicknefe, or such other sufficient Cause, and shall produce to the Commanding Officer of such Militia a fatisfadorv Certificate of such Sickness, or other sufficient Cause, it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of Rich Militia, and he is hereby required to direct an Allowance of Pay to be made to the Person so prevented, according to the Time mentioned in such Certificate as aforesaid; 3nd such Commanding Officer may and is hereby required to direct an Allowance to be made to every other Person who shall join his Regiment, Battalion, or Company aforesaid, so that such Allowance shall in no Case exceed the Pay of so many Days as would enable such Person to march from the Place where he was enrolled, to the Regiment, Battalion, or Company, to which he shall belong, to be calculated at the Rate of not less than ten Miles in each Day, with the usual Number of halting Days.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person sworn and enrolled in the said Militia, either as a Substitute or Volunteer, (not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him to serve as a Militia Man,) shall not with due Diligence join the Regiment, Battalion, or Company of Militia of the County, Riding, or Place, for which he shall be so sworn and enrolled (in case such Regiment, Battalion, or Company shall then be embodied) according to such Order as shall be given them in that respect by the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, or any of them, or by any Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the said Regiment, Battalion, or Company, or by any other Person authorised to give him such Order, in pursuance of any Law now in force respecting the Militia; or if any Person serving in any Militia as a Substitute or Volunteer shall desert or absent himself from his Duty, every such Militia Man shall be liable to be apprehended and punished as a Deserter, according to the Provisions of any Act which shall be then in Force for the punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; and shall also be liable to be adjudged to further Service in the said Militia, or to Service in his Majesty's Regular Forces, as the Court before whom he shall be tried shall think fit to direct; and in case the said Court shall adjudge Inch Militia Man to Service in his Majesty's Regular Forces, it shall be lawful, by Order under the Hand of the Secretary at War, or his Deputy, to cause such Man, with the Consent of the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Militia to which such Substitute or Volunteer shall belong, to be entered as a Private Soldier to serve in such Regiment or Corps of his Majesty's other Forces as shall be directed in such Order, and to be forth with conveyed either to the Head Quarters of the Regiment or Corps in which he shall be so entered, or to Chatham Barracks, as the Case may require; and such Substitute or Volunteer shall, from the Time of his being delivered over to be so conveyed as aforesaid, be subject and liable to all the Penalties and Punishments contained in any Act then in Force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, as if he had been enlisted in the Regiment or Corps in which he shall be fc ordered to be entered as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by his Royal Proclamation, pardoning, if he shall think fit, all or any such Militia Men as shall have enlisted into any of the Regular Forces before the passing of this Act, to direct that such Men so pardoned shall not be liable to be claimed by or returned to serve in the Regiment, Battalion, or Company of Militia from which they shall have deserted; and further, to pardon every such Militia Man as shall, before the passing of this Act, have deserted from any Regiment, Battalion, or Company of Militia, oh Condition that such Militia Man shall voluntarily surrender himself as a Deserter.on or before the first Day of August One thousand seven hundred

Deputy Lieutenant? may agree with Volunteers for a immty not exceeding ioI. and order Payment by the Treasurer, who shall pay the same, and at the Expiration of three Month* shall pay the Balance to the Receiver Gene* rai.

Allowances to the Families of Volunteers under 34 Geo. 3. c. 16. shall be made as to the Families of Privates.

Pay of Men shall commence on their joining,

Persons prevented from joining may, on Certificate, hav# an Allowance of Pay j and others on joining, an k Allowance for march*. ing.

Substitutes or Volunteers not joining, or who delirt, may be punished as Deserters, and adjudged to further Service in the Militia or the Regular Forces.

Men adjudged to serve in the Regular Forces, may, by Order of the Secretary at War, and with Consent of the Colonel of Militia, be entered so to serve.

His Majesty, by Proclamation, may pardon Militia Men who have enlisted into the Regular Forces beioi'e passing this Act 5 and > Deserters from

194 C. 106. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

and ninety-nine; or (halt, on or before the said first Pay of August^ voluntarily enlist into some one of his Majesty's Regular Regiments; and to direct that such Militia Man so pardoned and enlisting shall not be liable to be claimed by or returned to serve in the Regiment, Battalion, or Company aforesaid; and all Militia Men who shall have deserted at any Time before the patting this Act, and who shall not have surrendered themselves, or enlisted as aforesaid, in consequence of such Proclamation, on or before the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall be liable to be tried in the same Manner, for Desertion or Absence from their Duty, and to be punished and adjudged to Service in his Majesty's Regular Forces, in the same Manner as is herein before directed, with respect to Militia Men deferring or absenting themselves from their Duty, from and after the passing of this Act.

Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That where in any Regiment, Battalion, or Company of Militia, in which any Private Man shall be promoted to the Rank of Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, in consequence of any Vacancy occasioned by the Death or Discharge of any Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer, the Parish or Place for which such Private Militia Man was ballotted shall find and provide another Man instead, it shall be lawful to and for any two Deputy Lieutenants acting for the Subdivision wherein such Parish or Place shall be situate, to certify the same to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held for the same County, Riding, or Place; and the said Justices shall at such Settions order a Sum of Money, not exceeding the Average Price paid for a Substitute in such Parish or Place, or any adjoining Parish or Place, to be paid out of the County Rates, to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Place which shall find and provide another Man as aforesaid, whether such Man shall serve personally or by Substitute, and to be applied in Aid of the Poor Rates in such Parish or Place.

the Militia who shall surrender, or enlist into the Regular Forces, by Aug. 1, 1799 5 and such as do not surrender or enlist, shall be liable to be tried as Deserters after passing tills

Where any Place shall provide a Man to fill a Vacancy occasioned by Promotion or Death, or Discharge, two Deputy Lieutenants may certify the same to the Sessions, who shall order a Sum out of the County

Rate* to the Overseers for providing another Man.

No Ballot shall

tike place where a Private has been promoted in the Room of a Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer reduced, till the Reduced be discharged.

XX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Private Militia Man shall be promoted to the Rank of a Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer in any Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company of Militia, in the Room of any such Officer or Drummer reduced to the Ranks, no Ballot shall take place in the Parish or Place for which such Private Man so promoted was then serving, in consequence of any Vacancy occasioned by such Promotion, until the Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer so reduced shall have obtained his Discharge.

His Majesty

XXI. And, in order that at the Time of the Reduction of the said Militia Forces, a proportional Aug-may appoint mentation may be made to his Majesty's Regular Forces, for the vigorous Prosecution of the War*’ be it

thegR^uiar further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by any Order under his Royal Sign Manual, to

Forces (who name and appoint such and so many Regiments of his Majesty's Regular Forces, as his Majesty shall think

dull not serve fit, to receive Volunteers under the Provisions of this Act from the Militia, in Manner herein after direct-

out of Europe. an(j no Regiment which shall receive any such Volunteers as aforesaid shall, during the Term of five

Thne^to re* Years next ensuing, or, during the Continuance of the War, and for six Months after the Expiration there-

cive vciun- °^> be liable to serve out of Europe, or to be sent thereout under any Pretence whatever; and it shall be

teers from the lawful for any Private Militia Man to enlist into Ws Majesty's Regular Forces under this Act, in the Man-

Militia, who ner, and subject to the Regulations herein after mentioned; and every Person who shall be enlisted in his

shall beenlifted Majesty's Regular Forces under this Act, shall be enlisted to serve for five Years, or during the Continuance

ffoioo.1 C°n~ of t^e Pre^ent W ar» and for six Months after the Expiration thereof, and no longer, and shall not be liable to Men so enlistinr ^cnt or to ^erve out ^uroPe \ and every such Person shall, in Addition to the usual and accustomed Oaths to take the foi- to ta^cn by every Person enlisting as a Soldier in his Majesty's Forces, take the following Oath; (that is lowing to say,)

x)ath. 4 I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear. That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty King George; and I do swear, that I will faithfully serve in the Regiment of his Majesty's

Regular Forces within any Part of Europe, during the Term of five Years, or for the Continuance of the War, and for six Months after the Expiration thereof, unless I shall be sooner discharged.*

No Person so enlisting foa 1 he drafted into any other Corpa, uokfs first discharged, and thereafter voluntarily entering.

Every Militia. Man enlisted in the Regular Force* shall be entitled to ten Guinea*

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be enlisted to serve in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of his Majesty's Regular Forces appointed to be recruited under this Act, shall serve in the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, in which he shall have originally enlisted to serve, and in no other Regiment, Battalion, or Corps whatever; and no Person enlisting into any such Regiment, Battalion, or Corpus shall on any Account or Pretence whatsoever be drafted into or serve in any other Regiment, Battalion, oc Corps, whether such Person shall consent to his being so drafted or not, unless in every such Case the Person so drafted to serve in any other Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, other than the one for which he shall have so enlisted as aforesaid, shall have been first wholly and absolutely discharged from all Service whatever in his Majesty's Forces, and shall thereafter have voluntarily entered in such other Regiment, Battalion, or Corps.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person enlisted to serve in his Majesty's Regular Forces under this Act shall be entitled to the Sum of ten Guineas as a Bounty, to be paid in Manner herein after directed; and it shall be lawful for the Justice of the Peace or Magistrate before whom any such Person so enlisted as aforesaid shall be attested, to direct any Sum, not exceeding one third Part of the said Bounty of tcn Guineas, to be paid to him forthwith, or to be advanced to such Person, or to such of his Family, and

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 106. 195

Bounty, which may be disposed of as herein specified.

in such Proportions, as he shall request at the Time of his being so attested, and also to direct any further Sum, not exceeding the Sum of one Guinea, to be paid thereout to the Officer producing such Person to be ttested, to be laid out in providing immediate Necessaries for such Person so attested; and the Justice of the Peace or Magistrate directing the Payment of any such Money, shall grant a Certificate thereof to the Officer producing such Person to be attested as aforesaid, and the Remainder of such Bounty Money shall be paid to such Person as soon as he shall arrive at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, into which he shall have enlisted as aforesaid, or at Chatham Barracks, as the Case may be.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia of any County, Riding, or Place, herein-before mentioned, shall, upon receiving Directions from his Majesty for that Purpose, explain to the Private Men of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia of which he shall for the Time being have the Command, in such Manner and at all such Times, within two Months from the passing of this Act, as his Majesty shall direct, the Terms upon which any Private Man serving in the Militia may enlist into the Regular Forces under this Act, and if upon the Terms of such enlisting being explained or made known to them as aforesaid, any such Private Militia Man stall voluntarily declare an Intention to be enlisted into his Majesty's Regular Forces, it shall be lawful for such Colonel or Commanding Officer of Militia as aforesaid to discharge such Person from the Militia; and every such Private Militia Man, so discharged as aforesaid, shall immediately thereupon belong, as a Private Man, to the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, into which he shall declare his Intention to enlist, and shall be immediately enlisted and attested for such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, in due Course of Law, and shall (as soon as conveniently may be) be transferred to some Officer of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, orfach Officer as his Majesty may have appointed to receive Men enlisted under this Act, and shall have and be entitled to the Allowance of the Bounty of ten Guineas in the Manner herein mentioned, together with Subsistence, Pay, and Cloathing, to be paid and furnished in like Manner in every Respect, and subject to and under the like Laws, Rules, and Regulations, as are provided and u(ed for the Rest of his Majesty's Regular Forces, except as such Laws, Rules, and Regulations, are with respect to such Men altered by this Act; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person so discharged for the Purpose of being enlisted as aforesaid, shall notwithstanding refuse to enlist pursuant to such Declaration so made by him as aforesaid, that then and in every such Case such Person shall continue to belong to the Regiment, Battalion, or Company of Militia from which he shall have been so discharged for the Purpose of enlisting as aforesaid, notwithstanding any such Discharge.

belong to the Regiment from which discharged,

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where the Militia of any County, Riding, or Where the Place, shall be complete, according to the Number of Privates in actual Service, as required by this A*3, the Colonel or Commanding Officer as aforesaid shall not be at Liberty to discharge, or cause to be discharged, in pursuance of this Act, more in Number of such Private Militia Men than one Fourth of such Quota.

of the Quota shall be discharged; [three Fifths, fee Sess. a, e, x

XXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where the Militia of any County, Riding, or Place, shall not be complete as aforesaid, the Colonel or Commanding Officer as aforesaid shall not be at Liberty to discharge more than one fourth Part of the Number of Men actually serving for such County,

Riding, or Place, at the Time of passing this Act, until other Men, according to the Directions of this Act, shall be raised and enrolled to serve for such County, Riding, or Place s Provided always, That every such Colonel or Commanding Officer may, from Time to Time, as often as such other Men shall be raised and enrolled in the Militia of such County, Riding, or Place, towards completing the Quota required by this Act, discharge, in Manner and according to the Directions herein-beforegiven, such further Number of Private Men who shall have been actually serving in such Militia at the Time of passing this Act, as shall have desired, or shaft from Time to Time desire, to enlist as aforesaid, so as not to exceed the Proportion of one Fourth of the Men then actually serving in such Militia; and every such Colonel or Commanding Officer may continue from Time to Time to discharge all such Men as aforesaid, until the Pro-

Portion of one Fourth of the Number of Men required as the Quota of Militia of such County, Riding, or lace, shall have enlisted into his Majesty's Regular Forces under this Act: Provided always, That if the Number of Men required to be enlisted as aforesaid cannot be obtained from such of the Militia as shall have been actually serving therein at the Time of passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for such Colonel or Commanding Officer, from Time to Time, to discharge in like Manner, out of the Men that shall have been enrolled therein, after the passing of this Act, so many as shall be necessary to complete the Proportion before mentioned. it may be completed out of those enrolled thereafter.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend No Manshall to allow of any Militia Man or Men enlisting or being enlisted under this Act, who shall be under the Height of five Feet four Inches, or to allow any Militia Man or Men enlisting or bring enlisted under this Act, into any Regiment, Corps, or Troop of Cavalry of his Majesty's Forces, or into his Majesty's Marine Forces.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant, or three Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, of county Lieute* every County, Riding, and Place aforesaid, shall, at the Expiration of two Calendar Months after the nanu shall passing of this Act, transmit to his Majesty's Privy Council an accurate Account in Writing, of the Nun*- tr&nsmit to the

Privy Council

an Account of the Number

Commanding Officers of Militia shall to the Men the Teuns upon which they may enlist into the Regular Forces, and if aTiy declare such an Intention, they nriy be discharged, and attested for the Regiments in which they intend to enlist, &c.

Person* discharged for the Purpose of being so enlisted, and reiufing so to do, shall

Militia is contv plete, as re- ' quired by this Act, no more than a Fourth*

§ 1. mi

and where not complete, a: Fourth of the Number actually serving from Time to Time, until the Militia is complete;

If the requisite Number of Men cannot bt obtained from those serving at passing this Act,

be enlisted under five Feet four Indus, nor into the Cavalry or Marines.

ber ot Persons that shall have been discharged from the Militia of their relbcdive Counties, Ridings, and Places,

196 C. 106. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

discharged, and Places, and enlisted in the Regular Forces under this Act; which Accounts shall, in all Cases where the

Regular1? J-cV ^arne necessary, be transmitted by the Commanding Oncers of such Militia to such Lieutenants or

whfich^Ac-r Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, for that Purpose.

counts, where necessary, shall be transmitted to them by the Commanding Officers of the Militia.

[See Sef. 2. c. 1. §15 ]

XXX. And be it further enacted, That after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by My re- any any Warranc under his Sign Manual, directed to the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, from Time to Time, when and as often as he shall think fit, to disembody any Number of Militia Men raised under the said Acts of the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or raised after the passing of this Act; and for that Purpose to authorize and direct any Colonel or Commanding Officer of any Militia to disembody and dismiss to their respective Places of Abode, any such Number of such Supplementary or other Militia Men aforesaid as his Majesty shall think fit; and every such Colonel or Commanding Officer shall, within fourteen Days after the issuing of any Warrant as aforesaid, proceed, according to the Directions of such Warrant, to disembody and dismiss such Supplementary or other Militia Men aforesaid to-their respective Places of Abode, in Manner and at the Times in such Warrant mentioned.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons so disembodied and dismissed as aforesaid, or selected, taken, or drafted for the Purpose of being so disembodied or dismissed as aforesaid, from any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, in whatsoever the same may be done, may, during the Time of their remaining so disembodied as aforesaid, or at any Time after they shall have left any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, under any Order of the Colonel or Commanding Officer thereof, for the Purpose of being so disembodied or dismissed as aforesaid, enlist in his Majesty's Regular Forces under rhis Act; and that all Persons so disembodied and dismissed as aforesaid, who shall not, during such Time as aforesaid, enlist in any of his Majesty's Regular Forces, shall remain liable to serve in the same Militia, and shall, and they are hereby required to join any Regiment, Battalion, and Corps of Militia, serving for the County* Riding, or Place, from the Militia of which they shall have been respectively dismissed, whenever called upon so to do, either for the Purpose of supplying the Vacancies which may arise in the said Militia, or

* whenever they shall be again embodied under any Warrant under his Majesty's Sign Manual, which Warrant § J as aforesaid his Majesty is hereby empowered to issue whenever he shall think fit, and shall be and remain

subject to all such and the like Rules and Orders, and to all and the like Pains and Penalties as any other Persons enrolled to serve in the Militia are subject and liable to by any Act or Acts now in Force, at such Times as the said Militia shall not be embodied under the said Acts, or as such Persons are subject and haole to at the Time of the embodying of any Militia.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Colonel or Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Company of Militia shall, within twenty Days, or as soon as conveniently may be after the issuing of any Warrant under this Act for the disembodying and dismissing any Militia Men belonging to such Regiment, Battalion, or Company, transmit, or cause to be transmitted, to the Clerk of the General Meeting of Lieutenancy of the County, Riding, or Place to which such Militia shall belong, a List of all such Militia Men as shall have been disembodied and dismissed in pursuance of any such Warrant as atorr-w said $ and every such List shall be made in the following Form:

Number of Men raif A under 37 Geo. 3. c. 3 and 22. or this Act, to be dismissed to their respective Abodes.

3- e. I. *6.]

Persons so dlt-Wiiired, or felt died so to be, may enlist in the Regular Forces under tins Act, and such as do not, shall remain liable to serve in the Militia, and shall join when required.

TSee SfJJ'. 2. Cs 1»

iS.J

Colonels of Militia shall tianf* mit to the Clerk of the General Meeting, within a certain Period, a List of Men disembodied.

Form of Lilli

Dated the Day of

Name of the County, &c. Names of the Men disembodied and dismissed. If Substitutes, for whom they serve. Of the Parish of In the Hundred of

A.B. E.F. C.D~ p. M. H. N.

Lieutenant Jfu U

supply Vacancies out of such Lists, and the Persons ballot-led shall serve the Remainder of the Time for

which engaged before Difmif-iton. f See S*jf. 2.

And the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants acting for such County, Riding, or Place, shall cause the Mem necessary for supplying any Vacancies that may hereafter arise in the Militia of such County, Riding, or Place, to bebaliotted for out of the Persons returned in any such List as aforesaid; and so from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, so long as any of the Persons returned in any such Lists can be found to supply such Vacancies as aforesaid; and every Person so ballotted to supply any such Vacancy, shall serve in the Militia of such County, Riding, or Place, upon the Conditions and for the Remainder of the Time for which such Person shall have been engaged to serve in such Militia before he was disembodied and dif-miflbd as aforesaid; and whenever and as soon as all the Persons returned in any such List or Lists that cart be found to supply such Vacancies as aforesaid, shall have been ballotted for out of such List or Lists as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Men necessary for supplying such future Vacancies as may aiifc in such Militia shall be raised, chosen, and ballotted for, in Manner by this Act directed.

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 106. 197

XXXIII. And be it farther enabled, That it shall be lawful for any Officer appointed by his Majesty under Ari? Officer ap-

this Act* or any Serjeant or other Person duly authorised by the Commander in Chief of his Majesty's by h*s

Forces for that Purpose, to enlist into any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of his Majesty's Regular PuionVufho-"* Forces, any Militia Man so disembodied under and by virtue of this Act, and who is willing to be foen- rized by the lifted, and shall appear fit for Service; and every such Officer, Serjeant, or other Person as aforesaid, cn- Commander in lifting such Person as aforesaid, and every such Person so enlisting to serve in his Majesty's Regular Forces c,lief'». m iyen-under this Act, shall be freed and discharged from all Pains, Penalties, or’ Forfeitures whatsoever incurred Jjjft^bo^edMCn by reaibn of such enlisting, entering, or ottering to serve as aforesaid; any Statute to the contrary not- and willing notwithstanding. serve In the Regular Forces*

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall authorize Aa foal! not any Officers appointed by his Majesty to enlist and receive Militia Men under this Act, or any Command- authorize cn-ing Officer, or other Officer, or Mon commissioned Officer, of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, in his ji^un^ Majesty's Regular Forces, or other Person, to enlist, or persuade to enlist, or receive any Militia Man, jefidischarge j" other than such as shall have been duly discharged by the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the IVFlitia to or to be disem-which the Person desirous of enlisting shall belong, in case such Man shall be actually serving in the Mi- bodied as beiori litia, or other than such as shall have left any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia for xhe Purpose of mentioned, being disembodied in Manner herein-before mentioned.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Production to the Lieutenant or three Deputy Lieute- Cn Production

Hants of the County, Riding, or Place, from the Militia of which any Person or Persons discharged or dif- ^CounT embodied under this Act was or were enlisted, of a Certificate or Certificates, under the Hand of any lVu tenant "oi Justice or Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding, or Place in Great Britain, or of any M igistrate of any Miiiria any Borough, Town, or Place therein, of any such Private Man belonging to the Militia having volun- Man’s having tardy enlisted and entered himself as aforesaid, and of a like Certificate or Certificates, under the Hands voluntarily en-of any Officer or Officers appointed by his Majesty to receive such Men, or duly authorised to enlist any lrhc

Man or Men into his Majesty's Regular Forces, of such Manor Men having entered iryto his Majesty's Re- h/shall causeCS#

gular Forces, (which Certificate every such Justice or Magistrate and Officer respectively is hereby required his Name to be togivegratis,) every such Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants is and are hereby required to cause the Person discharged from named in such Certificate to be discharged from the Lift of Miiiria Men serving for such County, Riding, or the of Men

Place, and the Certificate of the Number of Men to be raised for the Militia of such County, Riding, or f°whic^y

Place, according to the Quota required by this Act, to be amended, by striking out such N umber of Aden as shall notbc shall be enlisted in his Majesty's Regular Forces, from the Militia of such County, Riding, or Place, by obliged to ballot virtue of this Act; and the County, Riding, or Place, for which any Private Militia Man so enlisted was for another raised, shall not be obliged to ballot for any other in the Room of the Militia Man so enlisted, but shall be Man* discharged from railing any Men to supply any Vacancy occasioned by any enlisting under or in pursuance of this Act.

XXXVI. And whereas it has been thought expedient that an additional Allowance should be made to 0rd«r 4 the Wives and Families of Serjeants, Corporals, and Private Men in the Militia of Great Britain, during the Time they should remain in actual Service in Ireland, over and above such Allowances as were pay- duIona^Alfow- able and paid to such Wives and Families, by any Act or Acts now in Force: And whereas in purfu- ance to the ance of an Order of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, the Receivers General of the Wives and Fa-c Land and Assessed Taxes were directed, within their respective Receiverships, to reimburse to the Over- Mi-

seers of the Poor of every Parish or Place where the Wives and Families of any Militia Serjeant, Corpo- ral, or Private respectively entitled to any such additional Allowance should reside, all such Sums of Money vice in Ireland

as such Overseers of the Poor should from Time to Time advance and pay to such Wives and Children of recited, and all Militia Men, at the Rate of eight Pence per Week for each Person entitled thereto, upon fudb Overseers Persons acting producing and delivering to the Collectors of the Land Tax or Afletted Taxes within such Parish or Place under *ndem*

an Account in Writing of all such Sums of Money so advanced and paid by such Overseers, for and in nifted*

respect of any such additional extra Allowances; and also a true Copy of the Order or Orders which such Wives or Families might have obtained from any Magistrate, in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament for providing for the Families of Militia Menr such Account having been first verified upon the Oaths of such Overseers before a Justice of the Peace of such County, and such Overseers giv- iligat the same Time a Receipt for the Money mentioned in such Accounts respectively: And whereas Doubts have been entertained respecting the Validity of the said Orders, and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed be it theretore declared and enacted, That all Justices of the Peace, and all Overseers, Officers, and other Persons, who shall have made any such Order, or shall have paid any Sum' or Sums of Money, or done any Act, Matter, or Thing, for or in respect of any such extra Allowance, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be, and are hereby respectively indemnified for and on account of every such Payment, and for or on account of any such Act, Matter, or Thing, done in pursuance of and in conformity with such Order as aforesaid, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatever^ as if such Payments had been made, and Acts, Matters, and Things done, in pursuance of any Act of Parliament.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Wife or Family of any Serjeant, Corporal, or Private 'Vhile Afjlitia

Man, belonging to the Militia of England, who shall be actually serving in Ireland, and whose Wife or Fa- be-fervine ia

mily shall be entitled under any Order of a Justice of the Peace to any Allowance under any Act or Acts of jrehni; their Parliament now in Force, shall, during all the Time that such Militia Serjeant, Corporal, or Privat^Man Wives and Fa*

shall continue in actual Service in the said Militia in Ireland, over and above the weekly Allowance that milies shall

shall be payable to such Wife or Family, by virtue of such Order as aforesaid, undwr such Act or Acts of be cntuled

Parliament v atUllUon*t

198 C. 106, 107. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Allowance cut of the Poor

Rates.

Justices dial I examine the Accounts of Money paid by Overseers for such additional Allowances, and make Order for Receiver General to repay the same.

Continuance of

*a.

Parliament as aforesaid, by the like Order of some such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, out of the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor, to be entitled unto, and the Overseer or Overseers of the Parish or Place where such Wife or Family shall dwell shall pay to such Wife or Family the following additional Allowance that is to say, the Sum of eight Pence for each and every Child born in Wedlock, and under the Age of ten Years; and the Sum of eight Pence for the Wife of any such Militia Sei jeant, Corporal, or Private Man as aforesaid, whether he shall or shall not have any Child or Children; and such additional Allowance shall be payable and paid out of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor of such Parish, Tything, or Place, and shall be reimbursed to such Overseer or Overseers in Manner herein after mentioned.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That when any Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of any Parish,

Ty thing, or Place, (bail* before the passing of this Act, have advanced any Sum or Sums of Money under such Order of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury as aforesaid, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall not have been reimbursed to such Overseer or Overseers in Manner in the said Order directed; or when any Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Tything, or Place shall, after the passing of this Act, pay any Sum or Sums of Money under and by virtue of this Act, for or towards any such additional Allowance as aforesaid, that then and in all such Cases it shall be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place, where such Payment shall have been made, and they are hereby required, within fourteen Days after the passing of this Act, as to all such Payments as shall have been made before the passing thereof, and once in every Quarter of a Year, as to all such Payments as shall be made after the passing of this Act, to enquire into and examine the Account of Monies so paid as aforesaid, at the Request and on the Oath or solemn Affirmation of such Overseer or Overseers, and thereupon shall allow all such Payments as shall appear to such Justice to have actually been made for and on Account of such additional extra Allowances, and shall thereupon forthwith make an Order for the Receiver General of the County, Riding, or Place, in which the Family, to which such additional Allowance shall have been paid, shall re fide, to pay the Sum allowed by them in such Account out of any Monies in the Hands of such Receiver General arising from any Duties receivable by him as such Receiver General; and such Receiver General, or his Deputy, shall, and they are hereby respectively required to pay the Sum so allowed in such Account as aforesaid, or to remit the same within fourteen Days after the Receipt of such Order to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Tything, or Place, from which such Order shall have been transmitted to him; and such Order, certifying the Amount allowed in such Account, shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Receiver General for Payment of such Sum of- Money 5 and all such Sums of Money so paid by such Receiver General as aforesaid shall be reimbursed to such Receiver General out of the Sums voted for the Extraordinaries of the Army.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That so much of this Act as relates to the Number of Men to serve in the Militia for that Part of Great Britain called England, shall remain and be in Force during the Continuance of the War, and for six Months after the Conclusion of a General Peace, and no longer*

CAP. CVII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes for Small Sums of Money.

[12th July 1799.]

'Most Gracious Sovereign,'

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Publick Expences, and making a permanent Addition to the Publick Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted;' and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[From Dec. 1, 1799, certain

That, from and after the first Day of Detetnber one thousand seven hundred and ninetjr-nine, there shall be charged, assessed, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, through-

stamp Duties out the Kingdom of Great Britain, the several Duties herein after mentioned: (that is to say,)

to be pud on

Bill > of Exchange and Promissory Notes for small Sums, viz.

On all Bills of Exchange, Notti, &c. for 11, or il. is.— ad. $ for 5s.—

On Promissory Notes payable at the Place where issued and re-issuable, a like Duty of id. and Id.

For and upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, whether payable on Demand or otherwise, shall be engrossed, written, or printed, where the Sum expressed therein or made payable thereby shall be for one Pound, and one Pound and one Shilling each, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of two Pence *, and where the Sum expressed therein or made payable thereby shall be five Shillings, as herein after mentioned, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of one Halfpenny:

For and upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any PromifLry Note or other Note for the Payment of Money to the Bearer on Demand, which by the Tenor thereof is payable only at the Place where the same was first iflited, and which may be re-ilfuable from Time to Time after Payment at that Place, shall be engrossed, written* or printed, where the Sum expressed therein or made payable thereby shall be for one Pound, or one Pound and one Shilling, there shall charged a Stamp Duty of two Pence; and where the Sum expressed therein or made payable thereby shall be five Shillings, as herein after mentioned, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of one Halfpenny:

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 107. 199

For and upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which kny Promissory Note or other Note for the Payment of Money to the Bearer on Demand, which by the Tenor thereof, or by any Direction or Appointment thereunto subjoined or annexed, shall be payable at two or more different Places, or at any Place different from that where it shall have been originally issued, and which may be re-issued from Time to Time after any Payment at the same Place, or any other Place than where the same was first issued, shall be engrossed, written, or printed, where the Sum expressed therein or made payable thereby shall be for One Pound, or one Pound, and one Shilling, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of four Pence; and where the Sum expressed therein or made payable thereby shall be five Shillings, as herein after mentioned, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of one Penny.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That noth ng in this Act contained shall extend <0 charge

any Draft or Order for the Payment of Money on Demand upon any Banker, or Person or Persons acting as a Baoker, and residing or transacting the Business of a Banker within ten Miles of the Place of Abode of the Person or Persons drawing such Draft or Order. ~ within ten Mil

III. And whereas, by an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the Governor and Company of the Bank of England were empowered to compound for all the Stamp Duties by the said Act imposed for all Notes and Bills issued by them, on Payment of a certain Sum of twelve thousand Pounds in the said Act mentioned: And whereas the said Duties have been greatly increased since the making the said Act, for which no further Composition has been made: And whereas it may be proper to exempt all Promissory and other Notes and Bills issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England from the Payment of the Stamp Duties imposed by this Act, or any Act passed since the said Act of the thirty-first Year before mentioned, upon Promissory and other Notes or Bills, in consideration and upon Payment of a certain Sum of Money in lieu thereof:’ Be it therefore enacted, That all Promissory and other Notes and Bills issued by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be exempted from the said Stamp Duties charged by this Act upon Notes for Sums of one Pound, and one Pound and one Shilling each, upon Payment determined by the said Governor and Company of the Sum of four thousand Pounds, the Composition hereby agreed to be paid by the said Governor and Company so long as such Notes shall be issued by them; and also from all and every the additional Stamp Duties imposed by any Act or Acts passed after the said Act of the thirty-first Year aforesaid, and now in Force, upon Promissory and other Notes or Bills, upon Payment of the further annual Sum of eight thousand Pounds by the said Governor and Company, such Payments to be made into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer by Half-Yearly Payments, on or before the first Day of June and the first Day of December in every Year, the first Payment thereof to be made on or before the first Day of June one thousand eight hundred; any Thing herein-before or in any former Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And for ascertaining by whom the said Stamp Duties herein-before granted shall be payable,* be it further enacted, That the Duties hereby granted on any Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, shall be paid by the Person or Persons giving the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Bill of Exchange required to be damped by this Act shall be re-HTued under any Pretence whatever 5 and that in all Cases where any Promissory Note or other Note, for the Payment of Money to the Bearer on Demand, wh:ch shall contain any Sum of one Pound and one Shilling, or of one Pound respectively, and shall be marked with a Mark or Stamp to denote the Rate or Duty of two Pence hereby imposed, or where any such Promissory Note or other Note which shall contain the Sum of five Shillings, and shall be marked with a Mark or Stamp of one Halfpenny hereby imposed, shall, at any Time after the said first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, be paid by the Person or Persons by whom the same shall have been made or signed, and first issued or negociated, and at the Place where the same was first issued or negociated, it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons so paying the same, notwithstanding such Payment thereof at any Time afterwards, and so from Time to Time so often as there shall be Occasion after every such Payment thereof, but not otherwise, again to issue, utter, or negociate such Promissory Notes or other Notes so respectively stamped as aforesaid, in such and the like Manner as the same were first issued or negociated; and all such Notes so respectively stamped as aforesaid shall be and are hereby declared to be after any such Payment thereof, but not otherwise, to be again issuable and negociable from Time to Time as aforesaid, in such and the like Manner, and to such and the like Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as and for which the same were first issued or negociated, any Law or Statute, or any Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and all such Notes so respectively stamped aslaft aforesaid, which, at any Time or Times from and after the said first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall be paid by any Person or Persons other than the Person or Persons making or signing the same, or at any Place other than the Place of issuing the same, in pursuance of any Direction, Nomination, or Appointment for the Payment thereof, contained or expressed in or upon such Notes respectively, shall be taken and construed to be thereupon wholly discharged, vacated, and satisfied, and shall be no longer negociable or transferable to any Intent or Purpose whatever, but shall be forthwith cancelled; and if any Person or Persons shall again issue, utter, or negociate, or cause to be again issued, uttered, or negociated, any such Promissory or other Note after any Payment thereof, by any Person or Persons other than the Person or Persons making or signing the same, or at any Place other than the Place of issuing the same in Manner last mentioned, or if any Person or Persons named or described in any such Note for the Payment thereof shall, after such Payment thereof in Manner last mentioned, Dcgfed or refuse to cancel the same, pr cause the same to be cancelled, every such Person or Persons

On Piwiiflory Notes payable at two or more Places, and re-i(foible, for il. or il. is.—4*1.; 5s.—id.

Except Drafts payable On Demand upon a Banker residing 5 of the Drawer.

31 Geo. 3. c. 1$. recited.

Bank of England Notes exempted from the Duties charged by this Act on an additional Composition of 4000L and from all Duties imposed since recited Act on an additional Composition of 8ooai. payable half yearly.

Duty payable by the Giver of the Note.

No Bill of Exchange shall be ' re-iflbed.

Notes payable on Demand, on which a Duty of ad. or 'd. is hereby respectively imposed, paid by Persons giving them at, the Places where first ifltied, may be Ve-issued j but if paid by any ocher Persons, or at any other Place, in pursuance of Appointment expressed therein, shall be can- -celled, and if re-issued, or if not cancelled, the Party shall forfeit aoL

200 C. 107. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Such Notes, not cancelled, but ajain issued, shall pay the same Duty as when fir it issued.

so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds; and if any such. Note so stamped as last aforesaid shall not be cancelled as is hereinbefore directed, but shall be again issued, uttered, or negociated contrary to this Act, then and in every such Case, and from Time to Time as often as such Note shall be again issued, uttered, or negociated, there shall be due, answered, and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the like Rate or Duty which shall appear to have been charged thereon before the Gift ilfuing the same, or which is by this Act chargeable thereon as aforesaid, and wtrch Rate or Duty shall be payable by and charged on all and every Person or Persons severally and reflectively who shall again issue, utter, or negociate any such Note or Notes, or shall cause or procure any such Note or Notes, to be again issued, uttered, or negociated contrary to this Act, his, her, and their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Promissory Notes or other Notes for the Payment of Money to the Bearer on Demand respectively, for the Sums of on? Pound and one Shilling, or of one Pound each, which shall be stamped with the Duty of four Pence hereby imposed, and all such Notes for the Sum of five Shillings each, which shall be stamped with the Duty of one Penny hereby imposed in the Manner before directed, shall be, and are hereby declared to be re issuable, and may be again issued and negociated by virtue of this Act by the Person or Persons making or signing the same, to such and the like Uses, Intents, and Purposes as and for which the same were first issued or negociated, notwithstanding such Notes shall have been presented to and paid by the Person or Persons making or signing the same, or shall have been presented to or paid by any other Person or Persons, or at any other Place than where the same was first issued, in pursuance of any such Direction, Nomination, or Appointment as aforesaid, for the Payment thereof or otherwisehowsoever, and so from Time to Time as often as Occasion shall require, notwithstanding any Payment or Payments thereof; any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every such Promissory Note or other Note for the Payment of Money to the Bearer on Demand, which shall be issuable or issued after such Payment or Payments as aforesaid in pursuance of this Act, shall be taken and construed to be, by virtue thereof, due and payable to and the Property of the Person or Persons holding the same notwithstanding such Payment or Payments as aforesaid, and such Person or Persons shall be possessed thereof in such Manner as he, she, or they would or might be possessed thereof or entitled thereunto upon or before the first issuing the same, and shall and may maintain an Action thereupon in such Manner as he, she, or they might do, and have all the like Remedies In Law as he, she, or they might have had upon or before the first issuing the same; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas two Acts passed in the fifteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty to restrain the Negotiation of Promissory Notes under five Pounds, made and negociated in England,\ have been, by several subsequent Acts of the thirty-seventh, thirty.eighth, and thirty* ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, suspended until and ur*>n the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, so far as the same relate to any Notes, Drafts, or Undertakings made payable on Demand to the Bearer thereof: And whereas it is expedient further to suspend the said Acts of the fifteenth and seventeenth Years aforesaid so far as the same relate to such Notes which shall be made for Sums of one Pound and one Shilling, and of one Pound each:’ Be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts of the fifteenth and seventeenth Years aforesaid, so far as the same relate to the making void of Promissory Notes or other Notes made payable on Demand to the Bearer thereof for Sums of

9.14.47. one Pound and one Shilling and of one Pound each, and also so far as the same restrain the publishing Sfffton.] or uttering and negotiating of any such Promissory Notes or other Notes as last aforesaid, shall, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, be and the same are hereby declared to be further suspended until and upon the thirtieth Day of November one thousand eight hundred and two.

IX. And whereas, by an Act passed in the jhirtyninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, certain Banks and Banking Companies in Scotland therein mentioned are authorised, until and upon the fifth Day of one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to issue Notes, Bills, or Tickets in the Nature of Bank Notes, payable to the Bearer on Demand, for any Sum whatever under the Sum of twenty Shillings Sterling, in the same Way that the said Banks and Banking Companies had heretofore been used to issue Notes for twenty Shillings and upwards finee the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, any Thing in an Act passed in the fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign to the contrary notwithstanding: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be further continued and amended in certain Particulars herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, it shall be lawful to and for the Bank of Scotland and the Royal Bank of Scotland, the British Linen Company, the Carron Company, and all other Banks and Banking Companies in Scotland, who, on or before the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, have exercised the Business of Banking or keeping any Bank for Receipt of Money, and have issued Notes under the Firm of such Bank in the Nature of Bank Notes, but to and for no other Person or Persons, Company or Companies whatsoever, to issue, re-issue, and negociate Notes, Bills, or Tickets in the Nature of Bank Notes, payable to the Bearer on Demand, for the Sum of five Shillings Sterling each, in the same Way that the said Banks and Banking Companies have heretofore been' used to issue Notes for twenty Shillings and upwards since the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; any Thing in the said Act of the fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign to the contrary notwithstanding.

Notes, stamped with the Duty ©i yd. and id. respectively, maybe re-issued, tkowgh paid by ©tier Person* than those by whom, and at ©tlier Places than where, first issued.

Notes To re-i Suable shall be the Property of the Persons holding the m.

15 Geo. 3. c. 5t. and 17 Geo. 3. c. 30. recited, and so far as they relate to Notes payable on Demand for one Guinea and il. further suspended until and upon Nov. to, 1

of r

39 Geo. 3. C. 4S recited.

[And fu cc. 10. 25.]

5 G«8- 3- 49*

From July 5, 1799, the Royal Bank of Scotland, &c. may issue Notes payable to Bearer on Demand for 5s. Sterling, as they luve heretofore issued Notes for 10s. 40d upward*

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 107. 201

X. Provided always, That the Authority to issue, re-issue, or negociate such Notes, Bills, and Tickets Such I/lue to as aforesaid shall have Continuance until and upon the first Day of December one thousand eight hundred, and £?ntinuetm from thence until the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer. and to the Elld of the thenecne

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, Bill, Ticket, From Dcc*

or other Note in the Nature of Bank Notes, shall, from and after the said first Day of December one thou-' n° A°

and seven hundred and ninety-nine, be issued or negociated in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland promissory*

for any Sums under five Pounds Sterling each, other than the said Sum of five Shillings, or the Sums of one Note shall be

Pound and one Pound and one Shilling Sterling each, under Pain that every Person offending herein shall for issued in Scot-

every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds. iand under 51-

v Sterling, except for 5s. il. or ri. t$. on Penalty of 10l.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the said Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland\ or the said British Linen Company, the Carron Company, or any other Bank or Banking Company in Scotland herein-before mentioned or ddcribed, shall be desirous of issuing or reifluing such Notes for Sums of five Shillings Sterling each without the same being stamped as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for therti respectively, on their obtaining a Licence for that Purpose, and giving Security for the due Payment of the Duties in, Manner herein mentioned, to issue and re-issue such Notes in like Manner as such Notes may by this Act be - issued or re-issued when duly stamped as by this Act is required. g!ving security for Payment of the Duties

Banks or Companies in Scotland may issue or re-issue Notes for 5s. Sterling undamped, on licence, and ' [See §15. &c.)

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Notes, Bills, and Tickets for the Sum of five Shillings Sterling each,* which shall be issued, re-issued, or negociated under the Authority of this Act, by or on Account of any Bank or Banking Company before described and duly licensed as aforesaid, and all such Notes, Bills, and Tickets for Sums of one Pound or of one Pound and one Shilling Sterling each, which shall be issued, re-issued, or negociated under the Authority of this Act, by or on Account of the Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland, duly authorised as aforesaid, shall, during the Term of such Licence or Authority to be granted as aforesaid, be freed and exempted from the Stamp Duties granted by this Act, upon the Terms and Conditions that the Bank or Banking Company by or on whose Account such Notes, Bills, or Tickets shall be issued, re-issued, or negociated as aforesaid, shall pay the full Amount of the Duties that would be payable on all such Notes, Bills, and Tickets, which shall be issued, re-issued, or negociated by them respectively as aforesaid.

Notes for 5s* issued by any Banking Company x or for iL or il. is- by the Bank or Royal Bank of Scotland, during the Term of the Licence, shall, be exempt from Stamp Duty,

upon Condition that the Amount shall be paid. (&* §19.)

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such unstamped Note, Bill, or Ticket, issued UnstamptNotes

in Scotland by any Bank or Banking Company under the Authority of this Act as aforesaid, shall be not tc?bc made j made payable at any other Place than the Place where the same was first issued; and every such Note, otherthanUu*

Bill, or Ticket, which by the Tenor thereof shall not be payable at any other Place than the Place where piace where the same was first’ issued, shall and may be re-issued from Time to Time, during the Period in this Act first issued. allowed, by the same Bank or Banking Company who first issued the same, without any Stamp or Mark

affixed thereon, in like Manner in every Respect, and according to the Rules and Regulations by which Notes of any other Persons made payable in like Manner may be re-issued when duly stamped as by this Act is directed.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Commissioner*

Parchment, and Paper, or any two or more of them for the Time being, or some Person authorised by for stamp Du-

them, or’any three or more of them, shall, in the Manner herein directed, on Application for the same, gnt and on Payment of the Sum of five Shillings, grant Licences under their or his Hands and Seals respectively BankTto i^ue to any Bank or Banking Company herein-before mentioned or described, to issue, re-issue, and nego- unfhmpt Notes ciate all such Notes, Bills, and Tickets as aforesaid, for the Sum of five Shillings each, on unstamped for 5s.

Paper, under the Authority of this Act and during the Continuance of the same; and every such Bank

and Banking Company before mentioned shall bc entitled to receive such Licence on Performance of the previous Conditions herein required at some Office, to be appointed by the said Commissioners, in Edinburgh.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Bank and Banking Company desirous of Banks defirois obtaining such Licence as aforesaid shall cause to be registered with the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties of obtaining at their said Office, to be appointed as aforesaid, at the Time of applying for such Licence as aforesaid, the Licences* Name and Names by which such Bank or Banking Company may lawfully fuc and be feed, or the Firm ffftereT^ththe and Description of such Bank or Banking Company; and shall also certify or cause to be certified to the Commissioners Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or their Officer appointed by them at their said Office, at the Time of for Sumps, the applying for such Licence, the Name and Names, and Place or Places of Abode of the PartiTer or Part- Nnmes by which ners. Agent or Agents, Cashier or Cashiers appointed or employed by such Bank or Banking Company to ‘bL>r ma>' be keep the Book or Books of Account of the Notes, Bills, and Tickets so to be issued and re-ifilied as afore- Na resTnd*1* said, and the Name or Names of the Place or Places where such Books of Account as aforesaid are or Abode the shall be kept; and that whenever any other Person or Persons shall be appointed to succeed any such Partner Person* cm-or Partners, Agent or Agents, Cashier or Cashiers as aforesaid, whole Name (h ill have been or ought ployed to keep to have been certified to the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or their said Officer, according to the the Account q( Directions herein-before given, then and in every such Case the like Certificate shall be made of the

Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode, of all and every such Successors and Successor as aforesaid to the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or their said Officer, within twenty-one Days after such Person or Persons shall be appointed to succeed as aforesaid: and in case of Refusal or wilful Neglect in making

£02

C. 107. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Penalty of 500l. on the Persons keeping such Accounts for omitting to enter any unstamped Note, or making any false Entry.

and delivering any such Register or Certificate as aforesaid, the said Commissioners and their Officers are hereby respectively authorised to refuse such Licence.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That, if any Person, whose Duty it shall be to keep such Book or Books of Account as aforesaid, shall knowingly omit to make a proper Entry in the Book or Books kept for that Purpose of any unstamped Note, Bill, or Ticket, aforesaid, issued, re-issued, or negociated determined by the Bank or Banking Company licensed to issue the said unstamped Notes, Bills, or Tickets, or (halt knowingly make any false Entry in any such Book or Books, or shall be guilty of any Fraud or gross Ne-gled in his Duty, every such Person shall, so offending, for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

Banks licensed to issue unstamped 5s. Notes to have certain Words on their Hou tea, or in their Offices, on Penalty of toL and Forfeiture of Licence.

The Bark or the Royal Bank of Scotland may issue unstamped Notes for il.or iL 1 s. on giving Bond with certain Conditions.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Bank *and Banking Company, so to be licensed as aforesaid to issue Notes, Bills, and Tickets upon unstamped Paper, shall cause the Words Licensed to issue Notes, Bills, and 'Pickets of five Shillings each without stamp" to be painted or written in large and legible Characters either over the Door or in some visible Place either on the Front of every House or in some conspicuous Place within the same, where the Business of such Bank or Banking Company shall be transa&ed, or such Notes, Bills, and Tickets aforesaid shall be issued, re-issued, or paidr and which Place shall have been approved of by the said Commissioners, or their Officer appointed by them for that Purpose; and if any Bank or Banking Company shall issue any such unstamped Notes, Bills, or Tickets as aforesaid, without having so painted or written and put up such Words in Manner hereinbefore directed, every such Bank and Banking Company so offending shall for everjf such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, and the Licence so granted to such Bank or Banking Company shall be void to all Intents and Purposes.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland shall be desirous of issuing and re-issuing Notes in the Nature of Bank Notes, payable to the Bearer on Demand, for Sums of one Pound or one Pound and one Shilling Sterling each or either of them, without the same being damped as by this Act is directed, it shall be lawful for them (o to do, on giving Security by Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in which Bond two of the Directors of each of the said Banks shall be the Obligors, together with such Cashier or Cadiiers, or Accountant or Accountants employed by such Banks as the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties shall require, and such Bonds shall be taken in such reasonable Sums as the Duties may amount unto during the Period of one Year, in Manner before directed, with Condition to enter or cause to be entered in Books to be prepared for that Purpose, an Account of all unstamped Notes, Bills, and Tickets for Sums of one Pound or one Pound and one Shilling respectively, which shall be, at any Time or Times after the said first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, issued by the said Banks respectively, and from Time to Time and once at least in every six Months, and at all such other Times as the same shall be required by the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, shall exhibit to the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland an Account of the Sums payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon such Notes so issued by them as aforesaid, and verify the same Account before the said Barons, upon the Oaths of two Directors of such Banks respectively, and of the said Cashier or Cadiiers, Accountant or Accountants, or such of them as the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties shall require; and shall also cause Payment to be made to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall have authorised to receive the same, of all such Sums of Money as aforesaid, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on due Performance thereof such last mentioned Bond shall be void; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners

The Bank and the Royal Bank of Scotland may re-issue their Notes of il. and al. is. In Circulation prior to Dec. 1, 1799, upon keeping an Account, and paying the Duty, under this Act, for which a Stipulation shall be irtferted in Tonds.

to fix the Times and Places of making such Payment, and to specify the same in the Condition to every such. Bond, and to renew the same from Time to Time in the Manner herein-before directed as to other Bonds-herein mentioned.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the said Bank of Scotland and Royal Bank of Scotland respectively, at their principal Offices in Edinburgh or at any of their Branches now eff?blished, or which hereafter may be established, to re-issue such Notes of one Pound or of one Pound and one Shilling as were in Circulation previous to the said first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, upon keeping an Account at Edinburgh of all such Notes so re-issued, and accounting for and paying the Duty thereon, in the same Way and Manner in all Respects as if such Notes so re-iflutd had not formerly been in Circulation; and that for duly accounting for and paying such Duties a Stipulation shall be inserted in the Condition of the Bond to be given by such Banks reflectively, and that all Notes of five Shillings, of one Pound, or of one Pound and one Shilling, may be re-issued from Time to Time, provided they have been once subjected to and paid or accounted for the Duty hereby imposed*

At the Time of

applying for Licences Bond to be ,.ivcn in such Sum as the Commissioners of Stamps may think fit, for fulfilling cert-in Conditions.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Partner or Partners, or Agent or Agents aforesaid, or Cashier or Cashiers, or one of them, with two sufficient Sureties to be approved by the said Commissioners or their Officer to be appointed as aforesaid, shall at the Time of applying for such Licence give or cause to be given Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in such Sum as the said Commissioners of Stamp Dudes or their Officer as aforesaid may think fit and reasonable, so as the same do not exceed the probable Amount of the Duties hereby granted that will be payable from such Bank or Banking Company licensed under this Act, within the Period of one Year from the Date of such Bond and during the Continuance of such Licence, with a Condition that if such Bank or Banking Company (b. to be bcensed as aforesaid shall from Time to Time cause to be entered in a Book or Books to be kept (or that

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 107.

Purpose an Account of all unstamped Notes, Bills, and Tickets. aforesaid that shall be issued, re-issued, or negociated by such Bank or Banking Company, and shall, from Time to Time and once at Least in every six Months, and at all such other Times as the same shall be required by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties or their Officer to be appointed as aforesaid, cause to be transmitted to such Commissioners, or tJeliVer to such Person as shall be authorised by them as aforesaid, a full and accur-te Account of aK the unstamped Notes, Bills, and Tickets aforesaid that shall have been issued, re-(f£ied, or negociated fmee the Date of such Bond, or since the lad Account that shall have been transmitted to such Commissioners, or delivered to such Person authorised by them as aforesaid, or within such Period of Time as shall be mentioned by such Commissioners or Person authorised by them as aforesaid, and shall also well and truly cause Payment to be made to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall have authorised to receive the same, of all such Sum and Sums which shall from Time to Time grow due to his Majesty, hisvHeirs and Successors, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Bond shall be void, but otherwise to be and remain in full Force; and it shall be lawful for such Commissioners to fix the Times and Places of making such Payments, and to specify the same in the Condition to every such Bond, and which shall be by two Payments in the Year at equal Intervals, as nearly as may be; and every such Bond may be required to be renewed from Time to Time at the Discretion of the said Commissioners or the major Part of them, and as often as the same shall be forfeited, or the Party or Parties to the same or any of them shall die, become Bankrupt or insolvent, or reside in Parts beyond the Seas.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons, except the Directors of the After Dec. if Bank of Scotland and Royal Bank of Scotland, and Persons acting under them respectively in their *799>no Per’ Banking Business, according to the Provisions of this Act, who, from and after the first Day of December u^Dir^orel^ one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall write or sign, or cause to be written or signed, or the Bank or the shall first issue or re-issue any Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Bill, or Ticket required Royal Bank of to be stamped by this Act, without the same being first duly marked or stamped with a proper Mark or Scotland, or Stamp, in the Manner herein prescribed, or upon which there shall not be some Mark or Stamp re- Pc^son* aa,nK (enabling the same, or without such Person or Persons shall act therein by virtue of a Licence granted for Jcensed flJaU* that Purpose under the Authority of this Act, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty r,gn or issue any Bounds. unstamped Note, on Penalty of aol.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That for the better and more effectually levying and collecting the said Duties herein-before granted, the same shall be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper;* for which Purpose they or the major Part of them are hereby required and empowered to employ the necessary Officers under them, and to use and provide such Stamps for the said several Duties as shall be re-quisite in that Behalf, and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act into Execution with relation to the said Duties, in the like and in as full and ample Manner as they or the major Part of them are authorised to put in Execution any former Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Methods of recovering and Distributions of Penalties and Forfeitures, and Allowances for present Payments, and all other Matters and Things which, in and by any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, provided and established for raising, levying, recovering, collecting, and securing the Duties thereby granted or referred to, or any of them, and not hereby altered, shall be of full Force and Effect with relation to the Duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the raising, levying, recovering, collecting, and securing the said Duties hereby imposed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the lame had severally and respectively been hereby re-enacted with relation to the said Duties hereby imposed.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge any Stamp or Mark directed or allowed to be used by this Act, for the Purpose of denoting the Duties by this Act granted, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties, or shall fraudulently use any Stamp or Mark directed or allowed to be used by tfiis Act with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties, or shall utter, vend, sell, or expose to Sale any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper liable to the said Duties with any counterfeit Stamp or Mark thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeit, then every such Person so offending and being thereof lawfully convicted shall be adjudged -a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Duties herein-before granted shall be paid from Time to Time into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall pay the same (the necessary Charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same being deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time and in such Manner as the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper are directed to be paid, and the said Money so paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid shall be carried to and made Parc of the Consolidated Fund.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising or to a rife of the Duty hereby granted, or of so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Re-Yenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made by virtue of any Act or Acts passed in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of Son Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Duties shall be under the Management of the Commissioner* of Stamp Duties,

Acts respecting Stamp Duties, not hereby altered, shall extend to this Act.

Persons counterfeiting Stamps, &c. shall be guilty* of Felony wit flout Clergy.

Duties shall be paid to the Receiver General of Stamp Duties, and by him into the Exchequer.

Appropriation 01 Duties.

---

204 C. 107, 108. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Publick Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books in which all the Monies arising from the said Duties and paid into the said Receipt shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever.

CAP. CVIII.

An Act to amend and render more effectual several Acts for the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax.

[12th July 1799.]

[See 38 Geo. 3. C. 60. 39 Geo 3. cc. 6. 21. 40. 43.]

---

Corporation* '

may Tell the Fee Simple of Estates to redeem the Land Tax notwithstanding its having been redeemed by Lessees, &c. {ami fee §9.)

39 Geo. 3. c. 21. 4 * 4> 5>

The Commissioners appointed by 39 Geo. 3. c. 21. $ a. shall direct how Stipends shall be paid orberne in future, which were charged upon Estates belonging to Corporations, sold to redeem the Land Tax.

Corporations may enfranchise Lands hold*, n of Manors, subject to Lease or not, without Appli. cation to the Court of Chancery, but according to the Directions of 39 Geo. 3. C. 21.

If such Manor be under Lease, the Commissioners under that Act may lcttle all (juef-t.oxii h:tween Corporations and Leiltcs.

All Persons may fell Henots,

WHEREAS it is expedient to make further Provision for facilitating the Redemption of the Land Tax by Archbishops, Bishops, and other Ecclesiastical Persons, and by all Corporations,.

and to remove Doubts which have arisen respecting certain of the Provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption of the Land Tax :* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick or Corporate, and Companies, who, by the icveral Acts passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty and in the present Session of Parliament, for the Redemption and Purchase of Land Tax, are enabled to sell any of their Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the Purpose of railing Money for the Redemption or Purchase of Land Tax, to sell and dispose of the Fee Simple and Inheritance of any of their Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or of any Part or Parts thereof, for the Purpose of raising Money for the Redemption or Purchase of Land Tax charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or on any Part or Parts thereof, notwithstanding the Land Tax charged on the Manors or other Hereditaments so proposed to be sold shall have been redeemed by the respective Lessees or Copyholders or Customary Tenants thereof, or other Persons having Interests therein, so as such Sale or Sales respectively be made by such Direction and Authority as is required by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to arriend and render more effectual two Acts^ passed in the thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign and the present Session of Parliament, for the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax*

II. And be it enacted, That when any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments of or belonging to any Bodies Politick, or Corporate, or Companies, which shall be sold for the Purposes of this Act or of the other Acts before mentioned, shall be either exclusively or in common with other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments subject to or charged with any yearly Sum or Sums, Stipend or Stipends, or other Profit or Emolument to or for the Use of any Rector, Vicar, Curate, or other Person or Persons, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners appointed by virtue of the Act last before mentioned to direct how and in what Manner and Proportions, and out of what Part or Parts of the Manors*. Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, originally liable thereto, such Sum or Sumsr Stipend or Stipends, or other Profits or Emoluments as aforesaid, or any specifick Part or Parts thereof, shall respectively be paid or borne in future; and in every such Case, and from thenceforth the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, or such specifick Part or Parts thereof, by or out of which the same shall be so directed to be paid or borne, shall be exclusively subject thereto, and to such Powers and Remedies^ for the Recovery thereof, as the Law has provided for the Recovery of Rent reserved on Leases 3 any Thing in the said last mentioned Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That, for raising Money for the Purposes of this or of the Acts before mentioned, it shall be lawful for all such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, to enfranchise any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which are or shall be holden by Copy of Court Roll or other Customary Tenure of any Manor belonging to any such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, whether such Manor be subject to any Lease or not,' and also to sell and dispose of any Heriots, Fee-Farm Rents, Chief Rents, or Quit Rents, or other Emoluments or Advantages issuing or payable from or in respect of any Freehold, or Copyhold, or Customary Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or hereditaments, or incident thereto and accruing therefrom, without any Application to or Direction of the Court of Chancery in regard thereto, any Thing in the said Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; such Sales and £nfranchisements nevertheless to be made by and under such Direction and Authority as is required by the said Act, intituled, An Act to render more effectual two Acts, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign and the present Session of Parliament, for the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax: Provided also, That in case any such Manor shall be under Lease, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners appointed under the Authority of the said last mentioned Act to little and adjust all Questions that may arise between any such Body Politick or Corporate and Company so felling or enfranchising as last mentioned, and his or their Lessee or Lefties, or any Ccjluique Trust of such Lessee or Lessees, touching or concerning any such Enfranchisement or Sale, and to order and dtreft a Recompence to be reserved out of the Purchase Money to such Lessee or Lessees, and such Person or Persons (if any) as shall or may be interested or entitled as Cffluique Tt ujls or otherwise under such Lessee or Lessees, for any Loss or Injury that may occur to him, her, or them by any such Sale or Enfranchisement as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, in order to raile Money for the Purposes of the said Acts, it shall be lawful for all and every Person or Persons, in the Manner and under the Regulations mentioned and contained therein, respectively to sell and dispose of any Heriots, Services, Emoluments, or Advantages iliuing or

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 108. 205

payable to him, her, or them from or in respect of any Freehold, or Copyhold, or Customary Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or incident thereto, or accruing therefrom.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, by and under such Direction and Authority as aforesaid, and also for all and every Person or Persons who by the said Act herein-before mentioned are enabled to sell any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purpose of raising Money for the Redemption of Land "Lax, subject to such Regulations as by the said Acts or any of them are directed and required, to sell and dispose of any Freehold Manors or other Hereditaments, for the Purpose of raising Money for the Redemption or Purchase not only of the Land Tax charged on such Freehold Manors and other Hereditaments, but also of the Land Tax charged on any Copyhold or Customary Messuages or other Hereditaments, provided such Copyhold or Customary Messuages or Hereditaments be limited or subjecto the same Uses with the Freehold Estates so fold, save and except as to such Variations'as may be occasioned by the Difference of the Tenure; and also to sell and dispose of any Copyhold or Customary Messuages or other Hereditaments for the Purpose of redeeming the Land Tax charged thereon, and also on any Freehold Manors and other Hereditaments, limited or subject to the Same Uses, save and except as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That where any Land Tax chargeable on any Manors, Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments which are or shall be holden by Copy of Court Roll or other Customary Tenure of any Manor or Manors belonging to any Body Politick or Corporate, or Company as aforesaid, by virtue of any Lease or Leases, shall be redeemed or purchased by any such Body Politick or Corporate, or Company, under the Powers contained in any of the before-mentioned Acts or this Act, the Amount of the Land Tax so redeemed or purchased shall be considered as Rent reserved to such Body Politick or Corporate, or Company as aforesaid, out of such Copyhold or Customary Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and be payable on the same Days as such Land Tax was payable before the Redemption thereof; and the same Powers shall be had, used, and enjoyed for the Recovery thereof as for the Recovery of Rent in Arrear.

VII. And be it further enacted, That where Part only of divers Manors, MefTiTges, Lands, Tenements, fcr Hereditaments which may have been usually demised together by any such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, by one Lease, upon which an entire ancient and accustomed Rent or Rents hath or have been reserved or made-payable, shall be sold for any of the Purposes of this Act or of the before-mentioned Acts, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners appointed as aforesaid to apportion such ancient Rent or Rems, and to settle and adjust the Proportion thereof which shall from thenceforth be paid or payable in respect of such of the Manors and other Hereditaments comprised in the said Lease, which shall not be sold for the Purposes aforesaid; or to settle out of what Part or Parts of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements,

or Hereditaments liable thereto, the Whole of such Rent or Rents, if the Nature of the Reservation will not admit of Apportionment, shall be reserved or paid in future; and in all Leases which shall thereafter be granted of such last mentioned Manors and other Hereditaments the Sum or other Article or Thing which shall have been so settled and apportioned shall be the Rent to be reserved thereon; any Law to the Contrary notwithstanding. respect to the Parts unfojd, or shall settle out of wh^t Part the Whole shall be paid.

VIII. And be it enacted, That where the Reversion of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Where the Reether Hereditaments holden under any such Body Politick or Corporate, or Company as aforesaid, by virtue of any Lease for one or more Life or Lives, or for Years absolute or determinable on the dropping of one or more Life or Lives, or by Copy of Court Roll or Customary Tenure for Life or Lives, shall be purchased under the Powers of this Act or of any of the Acts before mentioned, by or with the proper Monies of the Person or Persons for the Time being beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits thereof, and where such to Setllc- Lease or Leases shall be subject to any Will or Settlement, so that such Person or Persons shall not, at the ment>

Time of purchasing the said Reversion thereof be entitled to the absolute Interest under such Lease or Leases, then and in every such Case the said Reversion shall be settled under the Direction of the said Commissioners appointed under the said last mentioned Act, foand in such Manner as that the Amount of the Money paid for the Purchase thereof, with lawful Interest, may be a Charge on such Reversion for the Benefit of the Person or Persons advancing the same, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns; and that subject thereto the Fee Simple of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments shall be settled under the like Direction, for the Benefit of the Person or Persons so purchasing the same, and of such other Persons as would have been entitled under such Will or Settlement to the Benefit of any renewed Lease or Leases for the Titnd being, and so as to be enjoyed by them for such respective Estates and Interests as-, considering the Alteration of the Tenure, shall appear to the said Commissioners most correspondent with the Intention of such Will or Settlement; provided that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to direct an Application to be made to the Court of Chancery, in a summary Way, for obtaining Direction as to the Mode of settling any such Reversion where the Case shall appear to them to be attended with Difficulty.

1 Commimuners may apply to the Court of Chancery

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies as aforesaid, by and under the Direction and Authority of the Commissioners appointed under the said last mentioned Act, to contract and agree with their respective Lessees and Tenants holding under any Demise by Copy of Court Roll or otherwise, who shall, under the Powers contained in the said Acts before mentioned, or any of them, have redeemed or purchased the Land 'Fax charged upon the Manors or other Hereditaments’ comprized in such Itemizes respectively, for an Alignment to such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Com-.

panics*

Freehold Ffla'et may be sold to redeem the Lard Tax on them, and on Copyhold Estates limited to the same Uses, and contrary-wife.

Where the Land Tax chargeable on Land* on Lease belonging to Corporations is purchased by them, the Ampunt to be a Rent Charge on the Lands.

Whcrf Parr of Lands usually demised in one Lease by any Corporation, u;>on which an entire ancient Rent hath been reserved, shall be fold, the Commissionert under 390^0.3. c. 21. §2. shall apportion such ancient Rent in

version of Lands holden under any Corporation by Lease for-Lives, subject

purchased by the* Person entitled to the Rents, but not to the abhilute-interest undvr' the Lease, the Reversion shall be settled by tli©-said Commi/Toners, so that thj Purchase Money and Interest may be a Chare* thereon for the Benefit of such Purchasir, &c.

Corporations, by Authority of thp fdd Commissioners, n ay agree with the LUfrcs and T cnantf - /or

206 C. 108. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

AfTienments of Lind Tax re-ticcimd by them, and for purchasing it «i;iy execute the like Lowers as for railing Money to redeem the Land Tax in the first instanoc, &c.

Reiforal Propci ty inverted in the Funds, &c. to be laid uut in the Purchase of Lands, in Trirrt IV r the Here fit of any Corporation, may be applied* with the Concern of the said Commissioners, in the Redemption of Land Tax; chart ed on P.ilates belonging to Rich Corporation; under the Di-fedhons c t any Court having Contiol of such Personal Property; and if insufficient to redeem the Whole, Corpo-tations may raise Money for that Purpose.

Where Money is not paid into the Dank, but inverted in the 3 percents, to be transit ned to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt as the Purchase of any Land Tax, such Commissioners shall accept the Transfer, and grant to the Purchasers of the Lands a Certificate of the Amount of the Tran fir, on Production of which at the

panics, of the Land Tax which shall have been so redeemed or purchased by their respective Lessees or Tenants; and for the Purpose of raising Money to purchate the Assignment thereof, to carry into Execution all and every or any of the Powers which, under and by virtue of the said Acts or any of them, or this Act, are or shall be veited in them, for raising Money by Sale of any Manors or other Hereditaments, for the Purpose of redeeming or purchasing any Land Tax, in the first: Instance, and the Monies raised for purchasing such Assignment, or so much thereof as shall be requisite for purchasing the same, shall a*d may, under the Order of the said Commissioners appointed under the Great Seal, be paid to the Person or Persons assigning the same, whose Receipt or Receipts in pursuance of such Order shall be a sufficient Discharge for such Monies, and the Remainder (ifanv) of such Monies shall be paid into the Bank of England to the same Account, and be applied in the same Manner, and the Cashiers of the Bank, or one of them, are or is hereby required to give such Receipts for the same, as if the whole Purchase Monies for such Manors, Mci-fuages. Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments had been paid into the Bank of England.

X. And be it further enacted, That where any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall belong to or rtand limited to the Use or for the Benefit of any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, and any Personal Property which now is or shall hereafter be inverted in the Publick Stocks ot Funds, or placed out on any Mortgage or ether Security, either in the Names of such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or in the Name or Names of any Trustee or Trustees, or of the Officer or Officers of any Court, shall be subjttSf to any Trust, to be laid out in the Purchase of other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be conveyed or limited to the Ule or for the Benefit of such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Com panics, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or for such Trustees or Officers respectively, with the Consent and Approbation of the said Commissioners appointed under his Majesty's Great Seal, (such Consentand Approbation to be certified under the Hands of any two or more of them,) to apply such Personal Property in or towards the Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments belonging to such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, and when any such Personal Property shall be under the Direction or Control of any Court, the same shall be so applied under the Order of such Court, such Order lo be made upon the Production of such Certificate of the said Commissioners as aforesaid; and such Land Tax, when all the Instalments shall be completed, shall fink and become merged in the same Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Benefit of the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, respectively entitled theieto; and in case such Personal Property shall be insufficient for the Redemption of the whole Land Tax charged upon such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, it shall be lawful for such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, to use and exercise all and every the Powers given to or verted in them in and by the said Acts herein-before mentioned, or any of them, or this Act, in order to raise Money for the Redemption of so much of the Land Tax charged on such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as such Personal Property shall be insufficient to redeem.

XI. And be it further enacted, That where any Money arising from the Sale of any Manors, Meflii3ges* Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall not have been or shall not be paid into the Bank of Englandpurfuant to the Drtedlions of the said Acts, but shall have been or shall be laid out and inverted in the Purchase of three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, transferred or for the Purpose of being transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, as the Consideration for the Redemption or Purchase of any Land Tax chargeable on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments belonging to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporator Companies, by whom such first-mentioned Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall have been or be hereafter fold, then and in such Case the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt or any one or more of them shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to accept and receive the Transfer of such three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, and ta grant to any Purchaser or Purchasers of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, his, her, or their Agent or Agents, a Certificate under his or their Hand or Hands of the Amount of three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities which shall have been or shall be so transferred to them as aforesaid, and upon the Production of such Certificate to any of the Cashiers of the Bank of England he or they shall and is or are hereby required to give to any such Purchaser or Purchasers such Receipt or Receipts as by the said Acts or any of them is or are required to be given, as well for any Monies which mall have been or shall be so inverted as aforesaid, as for any other Monies which may have been or may be paid by him, her, or them, into the Bank of England in the Manner required by the said Acts or any of them.

Banks Receipt shall be given. s

Bank shall receive and give Receipts lor Monies arising from Sales made for the Redemption of Land l ax, to %e placed to the Account of the Commissioncfc)

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Cashiers of the Bank of England shall and they are hereby required from Time to Time to receive all Monies tendered at the Bank which shall have arisen or shall arise from any Sale, Mortgage, or Grant which hath been or shall be made for the Redemption or Purchase of Land Tax, which Money shall, at the Request of the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, Person or Persons on whose Account the same shall be paid in, be placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and forthwith inverted in the Purchase of three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, although no (Jontrad for Redemption or Purchase of Land Tax, or Deed of Sale, Mortgage, or Grant, shall have been completed at the Time of paying such Monies into their Hands^ and the said Cashiers afterwards, upon the Production of

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 108. 207

any such Contract or Contracts, and Deed or Deeds, from Time to Time shall and they are hereby required for Re^aion to acknowledge the Transfer of the Stock so purchased, or any Part thereof. Demand fa?*

verted in 3 per Cents, though no Contract for Redemption shall be completed, Sec*

The Money arising from Land sold for reimbursing any Sums before laid out in the Redemption of Land Tax or Purchase of Alignment of any Contract, shall not be paid into the Bank, but shall, under the Order of the Commissioners authorising the Sale, be paid to* the Persons entitled to the Benefit thereof.

Where Money has, in any case; been improperly paid into the Bank, tofcr placed to the Account of the Commissionera for Reduction of the National Debt, tire Commissioners under

XIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall have been or shall be sold for the Purpose of reimbursing any Sums of Money before laid out in the Redemption or Purchase of any Land Tax, or of paying off any Sums borrowed for that Purpose, or for the Purpose of purchasing the Alignment of any Contract or Contrasts for Land Tax, the Sum or Sums t® arise from such Sale or Sales, or so much thereof shall be requisite for reimbursing or paying off any such Sums of Money so before laid out or borrowed, or for purchasing the Alignment of any such Contrail or Contrails, shall hot be paid into the Bank of England, but shall, under the Order of the respective Commissioners who shall have authorised such Sale, be paid to the Person or Persons entitled to the Benefit thereof, whose Receipt or Receipts, in pursuance of such Order, shall as fully and effectually discharge the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements* or Hereditaments, as the Receipt of the Cashier of the Bank of England would have done in cale the same had been paid into the Bank pursuant to the Directions of the former Acts, and the Remainder (if any) of such Sum or Sums so arising from such Sale or Sales shall, in pursuance of such Order, be paid into the Bank of England to the same Account, and be applied in the same Manner, and the Cashiers of the Bank, or one of them, are or is hereby required to give a Receipt for the same, and to cause the same to be inverted in the Purchase of three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, as if the whole Purchase Money for such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments had been paid into the Bank of England in pursuance of the said Acts.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Money hath been paid into the Bank of England to be placed to the Account of the Commissioners For the Reduction of the National Debt, as the Whole or Part of the Purchase Money for any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments sold or contracted for to be sold by any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, either with or without the Direction and Approbation of the said Commissioners appointed under the Great Seal, or by any Person or Persons other than Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Companies, as the Case may be, and it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners appointed under the Great Seal, or of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes respectively, as the Case may be, that such Money ought not to have been so paid, then and in all such Cases it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners appointed under the Great

Seal, by Writing under their Hands, or the Hands of any two of them, and to and for the said Commissioner, for the Affairs of Taxes respectively, to order and direct the Governor and Company of the Bank of 39 Geo. 3. c. %t. England, and such Governor and Company are hereby required to repay all such Monies to the Person and or the Commis-Persons who shall appear to have paid the same into the Bank; and in all Cases where such Money shall have been already inverted in the Purchase of three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, upon a Certificate signed by any two or more of the said Commissioners appointed under the Great Seal, or by the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, as the Case may be, that such Money ought not to have been so inverted, it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, or any one or more of them, and they ate hereby required \to transfer the Stock which has been so bought by or transferred to them to the Person or Persons who (h. ll have paid such Money into Bank, and with which Money such Stock had been so purchased, and the Receipt and Receipts of such Person and Persons shall be sufficient Discharges for such Monies or Stock.

XV. And be it further enacted, That where any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments belonging to any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, shall be sold to raise Money for the Redemption of Land Tax, and it shall afterwards appear that the Money arising from such Sale or Sales shall not be sufficient to redeem the Whole of the Land Tax charged on the Manors, Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments belonging to such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, but that such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, are willing and desirous to pay into the Bank such further Sum or Sums as may be necessary to make up the Whole of the Money requisite to redeem such Land Tax, then it shall be lawful for the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, and they are hereby fequired to give a Receipt or Receipts for all such Sum or Sums as may be offered to be paid to them to make up such Deficiencies, and to apply such Monies for the Purpose or Purposes of completing such Redemption.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Trusts, Mortgages, Liens, or Incumbrances shall equally affccl or be a Charge upon divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or ether Hereditaments,

Part whereof shall be proposed to be sold for the Purpose of redeeming the Land Tax chargeable on the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so equally subject and liable to such Trurts, Mortgages, Liens, or Incumbrances, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Court of Chancery in England and the Court of Session in Scotland, if such Courts respectively shall be fancied that such of the said Manors,

Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments^ as shall not be proposed to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be a sufficient S.-cunty fi r the Object of such Trurts, or for the Payment of such Mortgages, Liens, or other Incumbrances, to order and direct that such of the said Manors, MeiTunges, Lands* Tenements, or Hereditaments, as shall be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be conveyed to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, freed and discharged from such Trurts, Mortgages, Charges, Liens, and other lncumb/ances 4s aforel^iJ, and such Purchaser or Purchasers shall, after the Inrolmept or Registery of the Conveyance or Conveyances*

Goners of Taxes* ttfpetfively, may order the Bank to repay it: And if actually inverted in 3 per Cents, one of the Commissioners of the National Debt may re-transfer the same.

Where the Money arising from the Sale of Lands bt longing to any Corpora* cion shall not be sufficient to redeem the Whole olthe Land Tax, the Bank may receive Money offered to make up the Deficiency.

Where Part of Lands are fold* lor redeeming the Land i ax on the Whole, e^uilly atf'cdKd ry 1 rurts, the Cou.i oi Cl winter/, *r»d of Session respect-tocly, may ordec the Parts fold.to-be conveyed, fjt il lroniiucit-TniOfe.

208 C. 10S, 109. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Put not from

any which do rot equally arHdt the Whole of the Lands.

Application of Surplus (if any).

Corporations, ice. empowered by recited Acts to contract for Redemption of Land Tax in Preference to others haying no Interest, to have the like Preference until Dec. 25, 1799.

[Extended to March 25, 18co, 39 Geo. 3. f. 10.]

Conveyances made under such Order or Direction as aforesaid, hold and enjoy the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased by him, her, or them, freed and absolutely discharged therefrom.

XVII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act or in any such Order or Direction as aforesaid contained shall extend or be construed to extend to discharge the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so sold for the Purposes aforesaid, from any Trusts, Mortgages, Liens, or Incumbrances which shall not equally affect or be a Charge upon the Whole of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, the Land Tax of which shall be redeemed by the Monies arising from the Sab.of a Part thereof; but all such last mentioned Trusts, Mortgages, Liens, and other Incumbrances shall remain and continue chargeable upon the Manors and other Hereditaments, which shall be fold, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been passed, and the Monies to arise from such Sales shall, under the Direction of the said Courts respectively, be applied in the same Manner in or towards the Redemption of Land Tax, as by the said Acts herein-before mentioned and this Act is d redled; and if there shall be any Surplus the same shall, under the like Direction, be applied in or towards the Discharge of such first-mentioned Mortgages, I/cns, or Incumbrances, or otherwise be laid out and inverted in the Purchase of other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be limited for and upon the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and subject to the same Incumbrances as the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so fold, flood limited.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Bodies Corporate and Politick, Companies, and Persons in the said recited Acts mentioned, who by the said Acts or any of them are empowered to contract for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of which they shall be in Pofllflion, or to the Rents or Profits of which they shall be beneficially entitled, or in which they shall have any Estate or Interest in Remainder, Reversion, or Expectancy, or being Substitute Heirs of Entail shall be entitled in their Order to succeed thereto, in Preference to any other Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, or other Persons whatsoever not having an Estate or Interest therein, and the respective Committees, Curators, Tutors, Guardians, or Trustees of such Persons on their Behalf, shall have and be entitled to such and the like Benefit of Preference in the Redemption of such Land Tax over such Bodies, Corporations, Companies, or Persons, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until and upon the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies as aforesaid, shall have entered or shall hereafter enter into any Treaty for the Sale of any of their Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purposes of this Act and of the said Acts before mentioned, or shall have made or shall hereafter make any Application to the said Commissioners appointed by his Majesty under the Great Seal, for their Sandtion and Approbation of any Sale for the Purposes aforesaid, and shall obtain a Certificate under the Hands of any two of the same Commissioners, that in their Opinion such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, are proceeding or intend to proceed bonu fide and with reasonable Diligence to carry into Execution any such Sale for the Purposes aforesaid, (which Certificate shall specify for what Period of Time the same shall run and operate,) it shall be lawful for such Bodies Politick and Corporate, or Companies, during the Continuance of such Period, (notwithstanding any Thing in any of the said Acts contained to the contrary,) to contract and agree for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on their Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at any Time after the said twenty-fifth Day of June, in Preference to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, having or holding such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments under any Demile made by Copy of Court Roll or otherwise, by tuch first-mentioned Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, for Lives, or any Term or Terms for Ye?.rs determinable on Lives, or for Years absolute, notwithstanding the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, having or holding such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments under any such Demile shall have given Notice of their Intention to redeem such Land Tax: Provided always, That such Bodies Politick and Corporate, or Companies, hereby enabled to contrail:, with such Preference as aforesaid, shall produce such Certificate as aforesaid to the Commissioners appointed under the King’s Sign Manual for the County where the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments* the Land Tax whereof shall be proposed to be redeemed, shall be situate.

This Act and

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions of this Act shall, in the Execution of

recited Acts to the above-mentioned Acts, be used and applied and construed in like Manner as if the same Provisions were tocc herds'*one filially enacted in the said Acts; and all and every the Provisions of the said Acts, in the Execution of this Act, except where the same are hereby express, varied, shall be used and applied, extended and construed,

in like Manner as if the same Provisions (except as aforesaid) were specially enabled in this Act.

---

CAP. CIX.

An Act for better Recruiting the Forces of the East India Company.

[12th July 1799.]

'WHEREAS the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies are by Law entitled to maintain and keep up, and at their own Costs and Charges do maintain and keep up, a Military Force in their Settlements Abroad, for the Defence and Protection of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues of which they are in Possession, and for the Defence and Protection of their Trade; and by'

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 109. 209

'an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

[21 Geo. 3. c. 65.]

---

intituled, An Act for establishing an Agreement with the United Company of Merchants t?/* England trading to the East Indies, for the Payment of the Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds, for the Use of the Publick^ in full Discharge and Satisfaction of all Claims and Demands of the Publick, from the Time the Bond Debt of the said

Company was reduced to one million five hundred the ufa rid Pounds, until the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one^ in reject of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies; and also for ft curing to the Publick in respect thereof for a Term therein mention ed, a certain Part or Proportion of the clear Revenues and Profits of the said Company; and for granting to the said Company, for a further Term, thefore and exclusive Trade to and from the East Indies, and Limits therein mentioned; end for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the said Company, as well in India as in Europe, and the recruiting the Military Forces of the said Company; certain Regulations are established for the said Company’s railing Recruits in Great Britain, but no Provision is made, by virtue of which such Recruits can be trained, arrayed, exercised, or disciplined, during their Abode in this Kingdom, or whereby they can be subjected to Military Law previous to their Embarkation for, and during their Passage to the Places where the said United Company are entitled to maintain and keep such Militia Eorcy: And whereas it is expedient that his Majesty's Officers should be authorised in certain Cases toenlift Recruits for Ser-

vice, either in his Majesty's Troops or in the Forces of the said United Company, as his Majesty shill think fit to direct; and that all Recruits so raised and transferred over to, or entitled by Officers in the Service of the said United Company, should be trained, arrayed, exercised, and disciplined in the Use of Arms, previous to their Departure for Places Abroad; and that they should be subjected to Military Law during their Abode in this Kingdom, and during their Passage to, and before their Arrival at such Places:

May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his His Maprtymay Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to order and cause such of his Officers as he shall see fit, to levy, enlist, officer* t«

Jjnd raise such Number of Men as from Time to Time his Majesty shall think fit, for the special Purpose of j.ev* Mtnt 10 erving in the East Indies, either in his Majesty's Troops, or in the Forces of the said United Company; i^d-es^iTsMadrid that the Recruits to be raised for such special Purpose, instead of taking the Oath of Fidelity appointed Ay'sTroops or to be taken by the Rules and Articles for the better Government of all his Majesty's Forces, shall take the following Oath; (that is to say,)

the Company's Forces, who shall take the following Oath:

t At B. being enlisted to serve either in his Majesty's Troops or in the Forces of the East Company,

according as his Majesty shall think fit, do swear, That will bear true Allegiance to our Sovereign Lord King George, and that I will, as in my Duty bound, defend him in his Person, Crown, and Dig- nity, against all his Enemies; and that so long as 1 shall remain in his Majesty's Service, I will duly ob- serve and obey his Majesty's Orders, and the Orders of the Generals and Officers set over me by his Majesty; and that if his Majesty shall please to apppint me to serve in the Forces of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, then I swear that will also be true to the said United Company, and will duly observe and obey all their Orders, and the Orders of their Generals and Officers,

who shall be lawfully set over me.*

II. And be it further enacted, That on such Recruits being earried before a Justice of the Peace, in pur- which justice^ fn a nee of an Aift, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and are to admim. ‘ Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters^ or in pursuance of any Act hereafter to Atrinstead of be passed for the same Purposes, such Justice shall tender and administer such Oath as is herein-before mentioned, instead of the Oath prescribed by the said Articles of War; and the same (if taken by such Recruits) shall be so expressed in the Certificate to be given by such Justice* in the Form required by the said Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon the Petition of the Court of Directors of the said United Company, to cause so many Recruits or Soldiers, who shall have been raised by his Majesty's Officers for the special Purpose herein-before mentioned, as the said Court of Directors shall petition for, and as his Majesty, his Heirs or Sticceffiors, shall see fit to grant, to be transferred over to the Service of the said United Company, which Transfer shall be made by such Recruits or Soldiers being delivered over by such Officer in his Majesty's Service, who shall have the Command of them, at such Place as his Majesty shall think proper to appoint, to such Person or Persons as the said Court of Directors shall appoint to receive them.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said United Company shall not be obliged to receive into their Service any Recruit or Soldier who shall be an invalid, or who shall have any bodily Infirmity.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said United Company shall pay unto such Person or Persons, for the Use of his Majesty, as shall be appointed for that Purpose in Writing by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or by the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, such Sum and Sums of Money as from Time to Tima shall be agreed upon between one of his Majesty's principal Secretaries of State on Behalf of his Majesty, and the said Court of Directors, to reimburse the Expence of raising such Recruits and Soldiers as shall be transferred into the Service of the said United Company in Manner herein before mentioned; and that, over and above such Sum, the said United Company shall in like Manner pay to such Person or Persons as aforesaid, the Costs of the Subfitlence of ea«ch Recruit, from the Time tJ his Enlistment to the Time of his being delivered over to the said United Company, as herein-before mentioned.

the Oath prescribed by the Ariiclts of War.

His Majesty on Petition of the Court of Directors may cause Recruifc to be transferred to the Service of the Company.

Company nec obliged to receive Invalids

Company shall pzy lu Ji Sum as shall be agreed upon for such Recruits, and their SuMifiUn:C from Lnl.ft*

210 C. 109.^ Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said United Company shall and may deposit, keep, maintain* pay, train, and exercise in the Use of Arms, (lich Men as they may from Time to Time enlist and engage in their Service, under and by virtue of the Authority of the said Act of the twenty-first Year of his Majesty's Reign, and such Men as shall be transferred over to their Service in Manner herein mentioned, in any of his Majesty's Garrisons, or at such other Place or Places within Great Britain, or the Islands of Guernsey or Jersey, as shall be approved of by his Majesty; and that the said United Company, or their Court of Di* rectors, may, from the Men so enlisted or transferred as aforesaid, malte Drafts of Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers, to be from Time to Time sent Abroad in the said United Company’s Service, as they shall think proper and necessary.

VII. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of railing, receiving, keeping, training, and exercising the Men so enlisted by Licence from his Majesty as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Court of Directors of the said United Company, with the Approbation of his Majesty, signified under the Hand Writing of one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to appoint, from and amongst such Officers in the Service of the said United Company, as may be in England, on Furlough or by Leave of Absence, from their Duty in India, or who have retired from the Service of the said Company, and shall hold and have Commissions from his Majesty as well as from the said United Company, one Commanding Officer, and such other Commissioned Officers, of such Ranks and with such Commissions as shall be necessary for the training, exercising, and disciplining such Men so enlisted or transferred as aforesaid, until they shall be sent Abroad; and that it shall also be lawful for the said Court of Directors to appoint, from the Number of Men so enlisted or transferred as aforesaid, such Numbef of Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers* and Fifers, as shall be necessary for the same Purpose.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said United Company to enlist or have in pay at any one Time, or to train or discipline at anyone Time, by virtue of this Adf, any greater Number of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men than two thousand, nor shall it be lawful for the Court of Directors of the said Company to appoint any greater Number of Commissioned Officers than the Number of Men to be so raised and disciplined shall require; nor shall the Officer so appointed to command, or any other Commissioned Officer to be appointed as aforesaid, be continued in the said Appointment, or have any Power or Authority to command, train, or discipline the said Men so enlisted, longer than he shall continue to hold a Commission from his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors j and his or their said Appointment, Powers, Authorities, and Commands, shall cease and determine, and become utterly void, from and immediately after the said Commission shall be revoked, determined, or otherwise made void by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors: Provided also, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred, no greater Number than three thousand of Men enlisted for the special Purpose aforesaid, and not transferred by his Majesty to the Service of the said Company, shall, at any one Time, be maintained by his Majesty within this Realm; and that, from and after the said Day, no greater Number of such Men shall be so maintained than shall be specially included within the Provisions of such Act or Acts of Parliament as may, from Time to Time, be made and hbe in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, or for the Discipline and Government of his Majesty's Forces in Great Britain

'Company may

train men enlisted under recited Act, and transferred under this, in Great Britain,

Guernsey, or Jersey, and may make Drafts to be sent Abroad.

Court of Directors, with the Approbation of his Majesty, may appoint Officers holding Commissions from his Majesty and the Company, for disciplining the Men; and may appoint Serjeants, &c.

Company shall not enlist or have in pay under this Act above 2000 Men at once, nor appoint more than the necessary Number of Commissioned Officers.

Officers shall not have any Power longer than they hold Commissions from his Majesty.

No more than 3000 Menken-lifted, and not transferred,

#iall be maintained at one Time by his Majesty within the Realm,

Company, with the Approbation of his Majesty, may appoint QuarterMaiters,

&c.

Rates of Pay to be allowed to the Commissioned,

Non-commis-honed, and Staff Officers.

Pay shall be in full of all Emoluments j and Clothing for the Men, See. to be provided as the Directors shall think be ft.

till March 25, 1800; after which the Number shall be regulated by the Mutiny Ad*

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company, with his Majesty's Approbation so signified as aforesaid, to appoint such Quarter Masters, Pay Masters, and other Persons, as may be necessary for disciplining and training, attending, and otherwise taking Care of, the said Men so enlisted and transferred, over and above the Number of Commissioned Officers herein before mentioned, whethef the said Persons shall be in their Service or not.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said United Company to pay or allow any greater Pay, or other Sums, to the Commissioned and Non-commissioned and Staff Officers to be appointed to raise, receive, train, exercise, and discipline, the said Men, than after the Rates following; (that is to say,) not more than ten Shillings per Day to each Captain, not more than five Shillings per Day to each Subaltern Officer, over and above the Pay, according to their Rank, which they shall be entitled tc during their being in this Country on Furlough or Leave of Absence, or retired from their Service; nor more than five Shillings^ Day to each Quarter Master, one hundred and twenty Pounds per Annum to each Paym^fter, two Shillings per Day to each Serjeant, one Shilling and Sixpence per Day to each Corporal, five Shillings per Day to each Surgeon, and one hundred Pounds per Annum to one Chaplain; such last mentioned Sums to be the full Allowance to which in any Case such Officers shall be entitled (save and except the Regimental Pay which such Officers may, be entitled to, according to their respective Ranks, and save and except such Barrack Allowances as are usual to be given to Officers in his Majesty's Service when quartered in Barracks.)

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Pay, so to be made to the said Officers respectively as aforesaid, shall be in full Satisfaction of all Emoluments whatsoever: and that the Cloathing for the said Men, and all other Things whatsoever, necessary to be provided for them, or for the Place in which they shall he deposited and kept, shall be provided by the said United Comnany, upon the best Terms, and in such Manner as shall appear to the Court of Directors of the said Coippany to be best suited to that Purpose.

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. ing. 2n;

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Men, so to be enliRed into, or transferred over to ihe Service of the said United Company, shall be deposited and kept at any of his Majesty's Garrisons or Barracks, all such Recruits and Soldiers, and the Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers having the Command of, or being employed in the training, exercising, and arraying such Recruits or Soldiers, shall at all Times be subject to the Command and Orders of the Commandant of such Garrison or Barracks, or in his Absence to the Senior Officer in his Majesty's Service, or the Officer for the Time being commanding in such Garrison or Barracks; and that the Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers, to be.appointed by the said United Company to the Command of, or for the training, exercising, or arraying such Recruits as Jtforcfeid, shall at all Times partake in and perform the Duties of any of his Majesty's Garrisons or Barracks in which they may be Rationed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders which shall be given by the said United Company, or their Court of Directors, to their Officers so Rationed at any of his Majesty's Garrisons or Barracks, shall be given and passed through the Commandant or Senior Officer commanding at such Garrisons or Barracks.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be enliRed and engaged by the said United Company, under the Authority of the said Act of the twenty-firR Year of his Majesty's Reign, or who shall, be transferred over to the Service of the said United Company as herein mentioned, shall afterwards desert, or be found wandering, or otherwise illegally absenting himself from the Service of the said United Company, it shall and may be lawful for any Constable, headborough, or Tythingman of the Town or Place where any such Person who may be reasonably suspected to be a Deserter shall be found, to apprehend or cause him to be apprehended in the same Manner as if he were a Deserter from his Majesty's Service; and every ConRable, Headborough, Tythingman, JuRice of the Peace, or Magistrate, shall have the same Power and Authority, and proceed in the same Manner as he or they would have had, or as he or they would have proceeded in, it the Person had been a Deserter from his Majesty's Service; and every Keeper of any Gaol, House of Correction, or Prison, to which such Person shall be committed, shall be entitled to receive the full SubliRence of such Deserter, during the Time he shall remain in their CuRody, for the Maintenance of such Deserter, and shall receive and coniine him or them in the same Manner as if he or they had been a Deserter from his Majesty's Service.

XV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be conRrued to extend, to authorize any JuRice to payor cause to be paid any Reward to any Person or Persons, who shall apprehend or cause to be apprehended any Person or Persons wno shall desert from the Service of the East India Company, nor shall the Person or Persons apprehending the same be entitled to any other Reward than the East India jpompany may voluntarily give for such Apprehension.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all such Officers and Soldiers as shall be raised and enliRed by virtue t>f this Act shall, at all Times and until their Embarkation, be subject to all the Provisions and Regulations of the said Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Smarter r, during the Continuance of the same Act in "Great Britain, and after the Expiration thereof to such other Act or Acts of Parliament, Provisions, and Re* gulations, as shall from Time to Time be made and be in force for the Discipline and Government of his Majesty's Forces in Great Britain; and that, from and after their Embarkation to go Abroad to such Places where to they shall be sent in the Service of the said United Company, all such Officers and Soldiers shall be, and hereby are adjudged to be in the actual Service of the East India Company within the Meaning of an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled. Am

for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the United Company of Mer~ fhants ^England trading to the East Indies, and for the Punishment of Offences committed in the East Indies, or at the tflandof Saint Helena: and shall, during their Passage, and during their Continuance Abroad in the Service of the said United Company, be subject to all the Provisions and Regulations of the said Act. and to all such Provisions and Regulations as Officers and Soldiers in the Pay of the said United Company shall from Time to Time be subject to at the Settlement or Place to which such Officers and Soldiers shall be sent.

XVII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be conRrued to extend, to enable any Officer, Civil or Military, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, to place, quarter, or billet, any Soldier or Soldiers enliRed by or transferred to the said United Company, upon any Subject or Inhabitant of this Realm, of any Degree, Quality, or Profession whatsoever, without his Consent, or to demand from, or take from any Person or Persons, except by their own Consent, any such Provisions or Allowances as are provided and allowed to Soldiers and Officers in his Majesty's Service, by those upon whom they are quartered or billetted, or to compel or call upon any Person or Persons to provide Carriages for them, their Arms, Cloaths, and Accoutrements, when upon March, otherwise than by their own free Will and Consent.

XVIII. And whereas for more effectually suppressing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the Punishment of other Offences committed by Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the said United Company, during the

Time of their being trained and disciplined by virtue of this Act, or by any of the Officers or Non-commissioned Officers employed on that Service, it may be necessary that his Majesty should be enabled to con-

vene Courts Martial, or to authorize the same to be convened, conliRing either in the Whole or in Part of

Officers in the Service of the East India Company who hold Commissions from his Majesty :* Be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty from Time to Time to grant a Commimon for the holding of General Courts Martial for the Trial of Offences committed by Officers or Soldiers in the Service of the said

Officers and Men shall be subject to the Commandants of Garrisons or Barracks, and partake in the Dunes.

Orders of the Company shall be given through such Commandants. Deserters maybe apprehended and confined as from his Majesty's Service.

Persons apprehending Deserters shall be entitled to such Reward only as tht Company may give.

Officers and Soldiers, until Embarkation, shall be subject to the Mutiny Laws, and afterwards to the Provisions of »7Cto* ». c. 9.

Act not to authorize billeting the Men upon any Person without his Consent, dec*

His Majesty may grant Commissions for holding General Courts Martial, confiding in the Whole or in Part of East India Officers.

2i 2 C. 109,110. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Regimental Courts Martial may be convened.

United Company, during the Time of their being so employed, and trained and exercised under the Authority of this Act, which Courts Martial may either conlift of Officers appointed to train and discipline the said Men, or of such other Officers in the Service of the East India Company, holding Commissions from his Majesty, as may be in Great Britain upon Furlough, or by Leave of Absence, or of Officers in his Majesty's Service in Great Britain, or of such Numbers and Proportions of each, as to his Majesty shall seem meet; and such Courts Martial shall in all other Respects be convened, and have the same Powers and Authorities, and their Sentences shall be carried into Execution, as if they were Courts Martial respecting his Majesty's Forces.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That Regimental Courts Martial, or Courts Martial to be composed of Officers of different Corps, with the same Powers as Regimental Courts Martial, may be convened for enquiring into such Disputes or Criminal Matters as may come before them, touching any of the Non-commissioned Officers or Soldiers in the Service of the said United Company during the Time of their being* so employed and trained and exercised as aforesaid, and for awarding corporal or other Punishments for small Offences; and such Courts Martial shall be constituted and proceeded, and their Sentences shall be carried into Execution in like Manner as if they were Courts Martial respecting his Majesty *s Forces.

Offences commuted after Embarkation may be tried on Arrival at Place of Dtttination.

XX. And forasmuch as it may happen that Offences m3y be committed by the said Officers and Men after their Embarkation, and before their Arrival at their Places of Destination Abroad, which neverthe- less cannot be tried and punished during their Passage, in such Manner as such Offences ought to be tried and punished be it therefore enacted, That in every such Case, every such Officer or Soldier shall and may, after his Arrival at his Place of Destination Abroad, be tried and punished for every Offence committed after his Embarkation, and before his Arrival, in the same Manner as he would have been liable to be tried and punished if such Offence had been committed in any Place where the Offender could have been tried by any Court Martial held under the Authority of the said Act, past'ed in the twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Court of Directors of the said United Company shall, and

Court of Directors shall transmit twice a Year a Report of the Number of Men levied, &c. to the Secretary of $>t«e and the Commander in Chief.

they are hereby required and directed, twice in every Year, to make out a Report of the Number of Men levied and fubhfted by virtue of this Act, and of all the Orders issued, and every other Matter or Thing done or directed to be done by them in the Execution of this Act, and to transmit one Copy of the same to one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and another to the Commander in Chief of his Majesty's Forces.

---

[Publick Act.]

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed to be a Publick Act, and shall be taken Notice of as such, by all Judges and Justices whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. CX.

An Act for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts in Westminster Hall, and also of the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Judiciary, and Barons of Exchequer, in Scotland; and for enabling His Majesty to grant Annuities to Persons in certain Offices in the said Courts of Westminster Hall, on their Resignation of their respective Offices.

[12th July 1799.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

---

WHEREAS the Salaries of the Master of the Rolls, the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, the

Puisne Judges in the Court of King’s Bench, the Puisne Judges in the Court of Common Pleas, and the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer, at Westminster, are inadequate to the Dignity and Importance of their Offices; and it is therefore expedient that a further Augmentation should be made thereto, and that your Majesty should be enabled to make proper Provision, from Time to Time for such Persons as shall have diligently and uprightly conducted themselves in the Execution of the Office of Chief Justice of the King’s Bench, Master of the Rolls, Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, Chief Baron of the Exchequer, the Justices of the Courts of King’s Bench and Common Pleas, and Barons of the Coif in your Majesty's Court of Exchequer, and for that Purpose to grant Annuities to the respective Amounts, and for the Periods herein after mentioned, to such Officers respectively; and also to make a competent and fitting Provision for such Persons as may hold the Office of Chancellor or Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain, in the Event of their quitting or being removed from the said Employmentj we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain^ in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[An Augmentation shall be made of the Salaries of certain Judges, to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund, viz. (6 much as will Make the Salaries of the Master of the Rolls and Chief Baron amount in the Whole to]

That, from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be issued, paid, and payable, out of, and charged and chargeable upon, the Consolidated Fund, (after paying and reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the lame; but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon, or payable out of, the said Fund,) to the fevp-ral Persons herein after mentioned, as an Augmentation of their respective Salaries, so much Money as will makeup their respective Salaries and pecuniary Profits belonging to their said respective Offices, to the annual

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 110. 213

Sums herein after mentioned; to the Master of the Rolls four thousand Pounds, to the Chief Baron 4000l., and of the Court of Exchequer four thousand Pounds, and to each of the Puisne Justices in the Courts of King’s cs

Bench and Common Pleas, and to each of the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer, three thou- a"d Barons^o bad Pounds; which said Sums of Money to be issued in pursuance of this Act shall from Time to Time 3ooool. Thcfirft from thenceforth be payable and paid half-yearly, free and clear from all Taxes and Deductions whatever. Payment to be on the tenth Day of Oticber and the fifth Day of Jpril in each Year, by even and equal Portions, the made on oa. firit Payment thereupon to be made on the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety- I0* 17999 nine.

II. And be it further enacted, That such Officer of the Master of the Rolls and Chief Baron, and each of An Account of the Puisne Justices and Barons of the Coif respectively for the Time being, as they shall respectively ap- the Salaries and point, shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the Expiration of the half Year ending on the twenty- of such '°" ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, deliver to the Lord High Treasurer judges shall be or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, an Account, signed by such Master of the Rolls, delivered to the Chief Baron, Puisne Justice, and Baron reflectively, of their clear Salaries, after the Deduction of all Treasury on Fees and Taxes paid in respect thereof; and also of all Fees and pecuniary Profits which shall have been re- ScPtfJlbcJ'a9 ceived, or were payable to them in respect of the Execution of their said Offices, either in their respective foeack Courts in Westminster Hall, or at the Rolls, or at their respective Chambers, in respect of any Business depending in the said Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer, between the twenty-fifth Day

of March and the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and a like Account shall be delivered in like Manner m every succeeding half Year ending on the twenty-fifth Day of March and the twenty-ninth Day of September, of the Salaries, Fees, and pecuniary Profits, which shall have been received, or were payable to them in respect of their Offices for the preceding half Ye^r aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That in whatever Sums the whole Amount which shall have been received. The Sums re-or were payable to any of the Persons before ment oned, in respect of their said Offices, within the half Year CCiVfd. preceding the Delivery of any such Account, shall be less than the clear Sum of two thousand Pounds in J^ad/up *ooooI. respect of the said Master of the Rolls and Chief Baron, or of one thousand five hundred Pounds in respect to the Matter of of the said Puisne Judges and Barons of the said Courts, shall be the Sums to be issued for the half Year in the Roll* and which the said Account shall be delivered, and shall be computed and ascertained so as to make up the Chief Baron, Whole of their respective Salaries and pecuniary Profits to the half-yearly Sums respectively before men- Puifhe to tioned; and such Sums shall be issued accordingly in Manner herein after mentioned, and as if the Sums so judged and

to be ascertained had been specifically mentioned in this Act. Barons respectively.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person having the Office of Master of the Rolls, In case of Chief Baron, Puisne Justice, or Baron of the Coif, of any of the Courts aforesaid, shall die, or resign the De?th or Refig-fame, the Executors or Administrators of the Person so dying, or the Person so resigning the same, shall be n^onaWe°Part entitled to such proportionable Part of the clear Salary and Profits of such Office as aforesaid, as according oi°the said Sums to the Rates above mentioned shall have accrued during the Time that such Person shall have executed such niaW be paid to Office as aforesaid; and the proper Officer of the Successor of every such Person shall, on the twenty-fifth the Executor, Day of March ox twenty-fifth Day of September, as the Case may be, which shall be immediately subse-

questto every such Death or Resignation, or as soon after as conveniently may be, deliver in such Account *sis herein-before required to be delivered, signed by such Successor, and also by his Predecessor, or the Executors or Administrators of such Predecessor, as the Case may be; and such Successor and his Predecessor, in case of Resignation, and the Executors or Administrators of such Predecessor in case of Death, shall be respectively entitled to and receive such proportionable Part of such Sum, as upon such Account shall be due and payable by virtue of this Act as aforesaid; and in case such Person so dying or resigning shall have received, during such Part of the half Year in which such Person shall die or resign, more than a proportionable Part of the clear Salary and Profits of his Office, according to the Time during which such Person shall have executed the same, every such Person so resigning, and the Executors or Administrators of the Person so dying, shall pay to the Successors of every such Person so much as the Sums received shall exceed the Sums to which such Officer shall be entitled, according to the Rates aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Successor of every such Person so dying or resigning shall be en- Successor shall-

fitled to have and* receive from all Persons whatsoever, such Salaries and Profits as shall arile and become due receive Salaries from the Death or Resignation of his Predecessor, in like Manner as if his Patent had borne Date the Day Jheix-ath'o?^ next subsequent to the Day of the Death or Resignation of his Predecessor. Resignation of his Predecessor.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to give and grant unto any Person executing the Office of Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain for the Time being, or the Office of Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain, an Annuity or yearly Sum of Money, not exceeding the Sum of four thousand Pounds, of lawful Money of Great Britain, to commence and take Effect immediately from and after the Period whenever the Person to whom such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money shall be granted shall resign the said Office of Lord High Chancellor or the Office of Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain, or be removed from the same respectively, and to continue from rhenceforth for and during the natural Life of the Person to whom the same shall be granted as aforesaid; and such Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum shall be issued and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund, next in Order of Payment to, and after paying, or reserving sufficient to

payi

His Majesty may grant to the Lord Chancellor or the Keeper of the Great Seai an Annuity of 40C0l. to commence on Resignation, payable quarterly out of the Consolidated Fund, free 6*001 Tax*.

214

His Majesty may limit the Duration and Payment of fucti Annuity to such Periods as the Party shall not hold any Office of Profit.

His Majesty miy grant the following Annuities to the other Judges, on R'.'iignation, payable quarterly out of the Consolidated' Fund, free from Taxes, viz. diief Justice of King’s Bench 5000!, Matter of the Rolls, Chief Justice of Common Pleas, and Chief Bason, 2500L, Puisne Judge or Baron 2000l.

Ho such Grant to the Chief Justice, fee. shall he vaiid, unless the Party shall have continued in Office 15 Years, or shall be unable V

The Treasury may, by Warrant, direct the Auditor of the Exchequer to past Debentures for Payment of the Annuities, vtithout Fees.

Warrants not determinable on the Death of his Majesty, fee.

The Treasury and Exchequer fca.lJ do, without Fee, all.

214 C. 110. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

pay, the said Annuities herein-before granted, and all such Sum and Sums of Moneyas have been direct* ed by any former Act or Acts as aforesaid, but with Preference to all other Payments hereafter to be charged thereon as aforesaid 5 and the same shall from Time to Time be paid and payable Quarterly, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, at thp four usual Days of Payment in the Year, that is to say, the fifth Day of January^ the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of O&obert in each and every Year, by even and equal Portions, the full Payment to be made on such of the said Days as shall next happen after such Resignation as aforesaid of the said Office: Provided always, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in and by the said Letters Patent, if he or they shall think fir, to limit the Duration and Payment of any such Annuity, to be granted to any Person executing the said Office of Lord High Chancellor, or the Office of Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain, or any Part of such Annuity, to such Periods of Time during the natural Life of such Person in which he shall not execute the said Office of Lord High Chancellor, or iCeeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain, or any other Office of Profit under his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, so as such Annuity to be granted as aforesaid, together with the Salary and Profits of such other Office, shall together not exceed in the Whole the said Sum of four thousand Pounds* ,

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for^ his Majesty, his Heirs and Sue* cessors,* by any Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to give and grant unto any Person who may or shall have executed the Office of Chief Justice of the Court of King’s bench, and shall have resigned the same, an Annuity or yearly Sum of Money, not exceeding the Sum of three thousand Pounds; and to any Person who may or shall have executed the Office of Master of the Rolls, Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, or Chief Baron of the Exchequer, and who shall respectively have resigned the same, an Annuity or yearly Sum of Money, not exceeding the Sum of two thousand five hundred Pounds; and to any Person who may or shall have executed the Office of Puisne Judge of the Courts of King’s Bench or Common Pleas, or of Baron of the Coif of the Court of Exchequer, and who shall have resigned the same, an Annuity or yearly Sum of Money, not exceeding the Sum of two thousand Pounds; the said several last mentioned Annuities to commence from and after the Period when the Person, to whom arty such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money shall be granted as aforesaid, shall have resigned his said Office, and to continue from thenceforth for and during the natural Life of the Perfcfri to whom the same shall be granted as aforesaid; and every such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money shall be issued and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund, next in Order of Payment to, and after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, the said several Annuities herein-before granted, and all such Sum or Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, but with like Preference to all other Payments as aforesaid; and the same shall from Time to Time be paid and payable quarterly, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatever, on the four usual Days of Payment in the Year before mentioned, in each and every Year, by even and equal Portions, the first Payment thereof to be made on such of the said Days as shall next happen after such Resignation as aforesaid of the Person to whom any such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money shall be granted 1 Provided always, That no such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money, granted to any Person having executed the Office of Chief Justice, Master of the Rolls, Chief Baron, Justice, or Baron of the Coif, of the said Courts respectively, shall be valid, unless such Chief Justice, Master of the Rolls, Chief Baron, Justice, or Baron respectively, shall hav£ continued in one or more of the said last mentioned Offices for the Period of fifteen Years, or shall be affiifted with some permanent Infirmity, disabling him from the due Execution of his Office, which shall be distinctly recited in the said Grant.

execute the Office.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, and Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the Time being, to make forth and pass Debentures, from Time to Time for the paying the said several Annuities or Sums of Money, in Manner as aforesaid, which shall become payable by virtue of any such Letters Patent as aforesaid, or whith shall have been ascertained to be payable upon such Account, as is hereinbefore directed to be delivered, and as the same shall, from Time to Time, become due and payable, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same, or any Part thereof; which said Warrants and Debentures, to be made forth and passed thereupon respectively, shall be sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the Time being, for the Payment of all such Annuities or Sums of Money at the respective Days in this Act before appointed for such Payments, without any further or other Warrants to be fuedfor, had, or obtained in that Behalf.

IX. And be it further enacted, That after signing of any such Warrants or Debentures respectively, the same shall be good, valid, and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Act, and shall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the Demise of his Majesty, (whom God long preserve,) or any of his Heirs or Successors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, or Under Treasurer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of chem, or any of them.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer, Chancellor, and Under Treasurer, Chamberlains, and Barons of the Exchequer, and all others the Officers and Ministers of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof, now and for the Time being.

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 110, 111. 215

shall, and they are hereby authorised, and strictly enjoined and required to do, without Fee or Reward, all such A 3s, Matters, and Things, as are herein-before directed and required, or shall be necessary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this Act, and the several Payments hereby directed, effectual.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts, of the said Matter of the Rolls, the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, the Puisne Judges of the Courts of King’s Bench and Common Pleas, and Barons of the Coif of the Court of Exchequer respectively, and of all Persons who shall have served in any of the Offices before mentioned, and to whom any such Annuities or Sums of Money shall have been granted as aforesaid, shall be good and sufficient Discharges from the Payment of the said Sums of Money and Annuities respectively before mentioned, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for or obtained in that Behalf; and that the said several Annuities or Sums of Money-, and every Part thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions, and other Charges whatsoever 5 and in case any of the Officers of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer shall refuse or neglect to pay any such Annuity or Sum of Money, or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or to do any Act necessary to enable any such Matter of the Rolls, Chief Baron, Puisne Judge, or Baron of the Coif of the Exchequer, or any Person having served in any of the Offices before mentioned, to whom any such Annuity or Sum of Money herein-before mentioned shall have been granted as aforesaid, to receive the same, then any such Matter of the Rolls, Chief Baron, Puisne Judge, or Baron aforesaid, or any such other Person as aforesaid, may, from Time to Time, sue, prosecute, and implead such Officers, or any of them, their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, by Bill, Plaint, or Action of Debt, and shall and may recover Judgement, and sue out Execution thereupon, against such Officers respectively, their respective Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, for so much of any such Annuity or Sum of Money respectively then due and owing, or any Part thereof, as shall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the Time or Times when such Demand shall have been legally made for the Payment of any such Annuity or Annuities, or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, as aforesaid, or for the Refusal or Negle3 to do any Act necessary to be done by any such Officer or Officers respectively.

XII. And whereas it is expedient, that a further Augmentation should be made to the Salaries of the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Judiciary, and Barons of Exchequer, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,’ be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, there shall be issued, paid, and applied, in every Year, out of the Monies that shall arise from any of the Duties and Revenues in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ which, by Acts made in the seventh and tenth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, were charged or made chargeable with the Payment of the Fees, Salaries, and other Charges, allowed, or to be allowed, by her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for keeping up the Courts of Session, Judiciary, and Exchequer, in Scotland, the several Sums following, to the Judges after mentioned, as an Augmentation to their respective Salaries 5 (that is to say,) the Sum of one thousand Pounds to the Lord President of the Court of Session for the Time being; the Sum of five hundred Pounds to the Lord Justice Clerk for the Time being; the Sum of four hundred and eighty Pounds to such of the other Lords of xflion as shall be Lords Commissioners of Judiciary for the Time being; the Sum of two hundred and eighty Pounds to such of the other Lords of Session as shall not be Lords Commissioners of Judiciary for the Time being; the Sum of one thousand Pounds to the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland for the Time being; and the Sum of two hundred and eighty Pounds to

'each of the other Barons of the Court of Exchequer for the Time being.

Things herein di refifed.

The Receipts of the Annuitants shall be Cufficient Discharges.

If the Officers of the Exchequer neglect to pay the Annul* ties, they map be sued.

From Jufy $r 1799, an Augmentation shall be made to the Salaries of the Lords of Sessionfc Sec. in Scotland, viz. Lord President jooool.Lord Justice Clerk 500I, Lords of Session, being Lords Commissioners of Justiciary,

4801., other Lords of Session

2501., Lord Chief Baron zooooL, the other Baron* 2S0l.

---

CAP. CXI.

An Act to permit, until the first Day of August one thousand eight hundred and two, the Importation of certain Naval Stores from Hamburgh, and other Ports of Germany.

[12th July 1799.]

---

WHEREAS it is expedient for the building and refitting of his Majesty's Ships of War, and of Ships

and Vessels employed by his Majesty's Subjects, that the Importation of Naval Stores should be permitted from the Ports of Germany be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand From Aug. r> seven hundred and ninety-nine, until the first Day of August one thousand eight hundred and two, it shall 1799, till Aug. and may be lawful to import into this Kingdom, in British-built Ships, owned and navigated according to *>

Law, from the Ports of Hamburgh, Bremen, Altona, and Gluckflat, Pitch and Tar, as well as Deal Boards,

Fir, and Timber; any Thing in an Act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of his Majesty King and Timber* Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and regulating Abuses in His Majestfs Customi, maybe im-to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding. j>rm built

Ships from Hamburgh, Ac,

---

216 C. 112 - 114. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

CAP. CXII.

An Act to enable His Majesty, by Order in Council, to permit, until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament*, such Goods as shall be specified in such Order to be imported into this Kingdom, in Neutral Ships.

[12th July 1799.]

[* Continued till Feb. 20, 1800. 39 Geo. 3. Sess. 2. c. 9. §1.]

---

'WHEREAS it is expedient for facilitating the Importation of certain Articles into this Kingdom that his Majesty should be enabled to permit, by Order in Council, such Goods as shall be specified to be imported in neutral Ships ;* be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[His Majesty may permit, for a limited Time, such Goods as shall be specified in any Order of Council, to be imported in Ships belonging to the Subjects of any Country in Amity with his Majesty.]

That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, from Time to Time, when and as often as the same shall be judged expedient, to permit, until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, as shall be specified in any Order of Council, to be imported into this Kingdom in Ships belonging to the Subjects of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty; any Law now in Force to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

---

CAP. CXIII.

An Act to enable such Persons as His Majesty may be pleased to appoint to the Office of Chief Justice, or of one of the Justices of either Bench, or of Chief Baron, or one of the Barons of the Exchequer, to take upon themselves the Degree of a Serjeant at Law in Vacation.

[12th July, 1799.]

[See ante, c. 67.]

'WHEREAS it is expedient whenever the Office of Chief Justice, or of one of the Justices of either Bench, or of Chief Baron, or one of the Barons of his Majesty's Exchequer, happens to be vacant, that a proper Person should be speedily appointed to such Office; and that such Person should be of the Degree of a Serjeant at Law, which Degree cannot be taken in Vacation: May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[His Majesty, during any Vacation, while the Office of Chief Justice, &c. is.vacant, Duiy cause a Writ to be issued out of the Court of Chancery to any Barrister at Law be shall think tit, to appear in that Court, and take upon himself the Dignity of a Serjc:;nt at Law j and such Per fen shall, on taking the usual Oaths, be wit!.out further Ceremony deemed a Serjeant at Law. His Majesty may grant to such Per ion the Office of Chief Justice of either Bench, &c.

That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, at any Time before the Commencement of the next Michaelmas Term, and during any succeeding Vacation, whilst the Office of Chief Justice, or of one of the Justices of either Bench, or of Chief Baron, or of one of the Barons of his Majesty's Exchequer, shall be vacant, from Time to Time, to cause a Writ to be issued out of his Majesty's High Court of Chancery, directed to any such Person, being a Barrister at Law, as his Majesty shall think fit, returnable immediately in the said Court, commanding such Person to appear in the said Court,.and to take upon himself the State and Dignity of a Serjeant at Law; and such Person shall and may thereupon forthwith appear before the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal for the Time being, at such Time and Place as the said Chancellor, Keeper, or Commissioners, shall appoint; and such Person so appearing, and taking the Oaths usually administered to a Serjeant at*Law, shall, without any further Act or Ceremony, be, and be deemed and taken to be, a Serjeant at Law, sworn to all Intents and Purposes: And in case his Majesty shall be pleased, by Writ or by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to create or constitute an/ such Person, so to be sworn as aforesaid. Chief Justice of his Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, or to grant to any such Person the Office of Chief Justice of his Majesty's Court of Common rleas, or of one of the Justices of either Bench, or of Chief Baron, or of one of the Barons of his Majesty's Exchequer, every such Person shall be deemed and taken to be lawfully appointed to every such Office, and shall and may lawfully hold and enjoy the same, and do all Matters and Things whatsoever in such and the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Person had been a Serjeant at Law, sworn in the usual and ordinary Course.

---

CAP. CXIV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; for applying certain Sums of Money therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[12th July 1799.]

'Most gracious Sovereign,

---

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards railing the necessary Supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, h.we resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum herein- aiur mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted / &c.

3,229,000l.

I

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. 114.

i cc 3,229,000l. oat of the Consolidated Fund, may be applied towards the Supply for T799. § f. The said

M Sum may be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills. §2. Subscribers shall have Tallies of Loan (truck,

and Orders for Repayment, with Intereil, which shall be registered and paid in Course. §3. Orders assignable. §5. Treasury may prepare any Number of Exchequer Bills;, not exceeding the aforesaid \ 44 Sum, as prescribed by the Malt Act of this Session. §6. Malt Act to extend to this, excejit as to

charging the Exchequer Bills on that Duty. $7. Exchequer Bills shall be paid out of the Consolidated

Fund. J8. Bank may advance the Money. §9. 511,890l. r6 s. yd. zq. Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, may be issued towards the Supply. §10. 34,145 /. 2 s. 9 d. Surplus of Sum granted for'

extraordinary Expences of the Army for 1798, may be applied for 1799. §11. Monies raised by the Duties on Malt, under Cap. 2. of this Session; and on Pensions, by Cap. 3; as also 3,000,000l. Annuities under Cap. 7; Duties upon Income, under Cap. 13; 15,500,000l. Annuities, under Cap. 60; 44 Lottery, under Cap. 91; 3,000,00o I. Vote of Credit, by Cap. 68; 3,500,000l. Exchequer Bills, by Cap. 6g y 3,coo,000l. Exchequer Bills, by Cap. 70; together with 521,890l. 16s. yd. 2 q. Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, April 5, 1799 5 ani^ 3,229.000l. hereby granted thereout may be issued as follows 41 : §12. 13,654,013l. 6s. yd. for Naval Services, viz. 2,886,000l. for Wages of 120,000 Men,

including 20,000 Marines; 2,964,000l. for their Victuals; 4,680,000l. for Wear and Tear of Ships y 44 390,000l. for Ordnance for Sea Service; 729,063l. 6s. yd. for Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay; 693,750 /. for Building and Repairs of Ships, and extra Works; 1,311,200l. for Transport Service, and Maintenance of Prisoners. §13. 1,324,413l. 145. yd. for Ordnance Land Service for

44 1799; 81,969l. 17 s. 4d. for ditto in 1797. 56,218l. 11 s. 11 d. for Sea Service of ditto in 1797.

44 108,225 /. is. zd. for Land Service of ditto in 1798. §14.—3,000,000l. to be remitted to Ireland. §15. 44 —825,coo/, for the Emperor of Russia. §16. —11,775,609l. 4s. y d. for Land Service; viz. 1,977,253 /. 44 7 s. 10d. for 52,051 effective Men, Officers. trV. in Great Britain, Jersey, Guensey, Alderney, and he- land, in 1799. 861,653l. 10 s. ^d. for Forces in the Plantations, Gibraltar, roitu’al, Cape of Good Hope, on Special Service, and Am> South Wales \ 42,901l. uys. for Difference between British and Irtjb Pay for fix Regiments abroad; 29,124l. 3 s. 4 d. for recruiting the Regiments in East India; 44 185,000l. for Recruiting and Contingencies, and for extra Feed of Cavalry; 114,144 /. 5 s. 5 a. for General Staff, and Hospital Officers in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey; 3,139,908l. 10;. 8 d. for Militia, Miners of Cornwall and Devon, and Fencible Infantry; 60,000l for Contingencies for Militia and Fencibles; 279,934l. 195. zd. for Clothing for Militia and Miners of Cornwall and Devon \ 418,440l. 5 s. 8 d. for Fencible Cavalry; 25,000l. for Extra Feed of Fencible Cavalry; 109,151 /. 3*. 8d. for Provisional Cavalry; 41,741l. 16 x. for full Pay to Supernumerary Officers; 123,006l. 13X. 3d. for the Paymaster General, Commifliiry General, &c.\ 220,000l. 44 for quartering Soldiers; 163,979l. 7 x. id. for Reduced Officers of the Land Forces and Ma-m rines; 20l. i2x. 11 d. foneduced and superannuated Gentlemen of the Horse Guards; i,oooo/. for Officers late in the Service of the States General; 52,500l. for reduced. Officers of the British American Forces, and 7,500l. for Allowances to them; 142,688 /. 11 x. 3 d. for Chelsea Hospital; 18,591 /. 3 x. 44 3d. for Widows Pensions; 500,000l. for Volunteer Corps; 622,478l. for the Barrack Department; 44 173,735/- i8x. yd. for Foreign Corps; 2,465,854l. 17X. 3 d* for Army Extraordinaries for 1799. 44 f 17.-3,000,000l. for discharging Exchequer Bills, made out under 38 Geo. III. Cap. 91. 8.—

1,000,000l. for discharging ditto made out under 38 Geo. III. Cap. 90. §19.—3,500,000l. for discharging ditto made out under 38 Geo. III. Cap. 82. §20.-9,337 /. 5 x* 6 d. issued pursuant to Addresses of the Commons. §21.-7,1501, for the Civil Establishment of Upper Canada; 5,415 /. for Nova Scotia; 44 4,650l. for New Brunswick; 1,900l. for the Bland of «57. John m America; 1,840l. for Cape Breton 3. 44 2>45i /. 1 x. for Newfoundland; 4,100l. for the Bahama Islands; 580l. for Bermuda; 600l. for Dominica\ 6,016l. 15 x. for New South Wales; 20,000l. for Forts in Africa. §22.—150,000l. for Secret Service Abroad; 226,000l. for the Refugees of France and American Loyaluls; 5,000 I. for the Levant Company; 2,773 / 15 x. for Printing for the House of Commons 1798; 8,000l. for ditto for 1799 5 44 7,819l. for Superintendance of Aliens; 25,307 /. 67. 1 d. for Expences of the Mint; 284l. 17 x. 6 d. for * Prosecution of Coiners 1797; 1,607l. 9X. 4 d. for ditto 1798; 971l. ox. yd. 2 q. for Expences of Convicts at Home 1798; 35,923 I. 15 x. 4 d. for ditto 1799; 3,000l. for the Board of Agriculture; 1,500l. for the Veterinary College; 6,721l. for repairing the Church of St. Margaret; 25,150l. 14X. 4d. awarded under the American Treaty; 200,000l. towards the Reduction of the National Debt; 699,043l. xix. 44 2d. Deficiency of Consolidated Fund 1797; 153,148l. iox. yd. for Exchequer Bills 1796; 114,037 /. 44 16 x. 3 d. zq. Interest on Exchequer Bills 1797; 35,990l. 9 x. 6 d. to complete the Supplies 1797; 44 211,791l. 2 x. yd. for Di/counts on Loan and Lotte rv 1798; 210,071l. 5 x. nd. zq. Interest on Exchequer Bills 1798; 20,000l. to discharge Bills from New South Wales; 14,698 I. gs. 2 d. to the Bank for receiving Contributions to Loan and Lottery 179S; 465,759l. 16 x. 11 d. 1 q. for Intereii of Exchequer Bills and Advances on Bills of Exchange; 12,200/ for Lottery 1 98; 20,502l. issued out of Civil List for Secret Service abroad; 2,450 /. 7 x. 4 d. to IV. Pollock Esq. for Expences under the Alien Act; 97l. 9X. to IV. Chinnery Esq. for an Instrument for Commissioners for ascertaining the Situation of St. Croix-, 909l. 13 x. 6d. for Attendance on Committees of the Commons; 4,214l. 12 x. to J. White Esq. for the Purchase of the old Gaol of Surrey; 897 /. 6 x. for publishing in the Gazette Weekly Returns of the Average Price of Brown Sugar; 261l. 15 j. 6 d. to J. Baldwin Esq. for his Attendance on Mr. Hajlings’s Trial; 2,762 /. 15X. to B. Cobbe Esq. for Clerks in the Office for audit.ng the Publick Accounts; 529l. 'iz x. to W. Chinnery Esq. for New South Wales; 849l. i6x. y\. 3 q. for Alterations at <# the Speaker’s House; 412l. 9 x. iod. for the Parliament Office; 7,878l. 3 s. for the Purchase of Sir John Eden’s House; 1,437 /. 6 x* 6 d. for Expences 01 the Police Office in Wapping; 300l. to the So- licitor of the Mint; 1,9551. 18 x. for completing Indexes to the Rolls of Parliament and Journals of the

2i8 C. i - ix. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Lords; 4117. 3 s. 9 d. for Survey of the Isle f Dogs, 1,731l. 16 s. to the Secretary to the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt; 600l. for Expences in executing Act for Sale of the Land Tax; 121 /. 11 s. 6d. for a Clerk employed on American Claims; 15,090 /. for the Purchase of Dr. 44 Hunter's Collection; 60,000l. for Awards under the American Treaty; 35,000l. for Indemnification to the Earl St. Vincent and Sir Charles Grey, 4,275 /. 16 s. to W\ AJJforth, T. Parry, T. Hodgson,*! 44 Executor of J.Richdaley and iJ. Dickinson for nrft Payments on Loan 1796, forfeited by Omission to make future Payments; 36,000l. to J. Bentham for a Penitentiary House; 4,000l. for Roads and Bridges in North Britain. §23. 519,888l. 11 s. 4 d. Deficiency of Grants 1798. §24. Supplies not

to be issued for any other than the Purposes before mentioned. $ 25. Rules to be observed in the Application of the Half Pay. Officers employed on the Staff or in Garrisons may receive Half Pay, on making Oath that they have no Employment, Civil or Military; Chaplains having any Ecclesiastical Benefice, &c. not to receive Half Pay. f 26. By 38 Geo. III. Cap. 90. a certain Sum was appropriated to be paid to reduced Officers, the Overplus of which may be disposed of to Officers maimed, &c. as his Majesty shall judge proper. §27

---

PUBLIC LOCAL and PERSONAL ACTS.

Cap. i.

An Act to enable Thomas Coutts Esquire, Banker, to make a Communication between his Buildings on the opposite Sides of William-Street, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, by a covered Passage to be built over the said Street.

[7th March 1799.]

Cap. ii.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rebuilding the Pier of Margate in the Isle of Thanet in the County of Kent; and for other Purposes mentioned in the said Act.

[21st March 1799.]

Cap. iii.

iii. An Act for making and maintaining the Road from or near Whiteburn in the County of Berwick, to the Town of Kelso in the County of Roxburgh, to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

[21st March 1799.]

Cap. iv.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Bridget, otherwise Saint Bride, Fleet-Street, in the City of London.

[21st March 1799.]

Cap. v.

An act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, several Acts, passed in the ninth, fifteenth, twenty-sixth, and thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford.

[21st March 1799.]

[See 34 Geo. 3. c. 103.]

Cap. vi.

An act to enable the Lords of the Manor of Brixham, in the County of Devon, to repair and enlarge, or rebuild, the Pier or Quay at Brixham Quay, within the said Manor, to improve the Harbour there, to regulate the Moorings of Vessels therein, and to establish a Marker there.

[21st March 1799.]

Cap. vii.

An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Arable Lands, Intermixed Pastures, Open Fields, Half Year Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Upton, in the County of Norfolk, and such Part of the Open Fields, called Upton Field and Fishley Crofts as lie in the Parish of Fishley, in the said County, and for draining the same.

[21st March 1799.]

Cap. viii.

An act for rendering more effectual an act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An act for making and keeping in Repair a Road or Passage for Horses, on the Banks of the River Severn, between Bewdley Bridge and a Place called The Meadow Wharf, at Coalbrook Dale, for baling and drawing Vessels along the said River; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[21st March 1799.]

Cap. ix.

An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two several Acts, the one made and passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Knaresbrough, in the County of York, by Long Flatt Lane, Gouldsbrough Fields, Flaxby, Allerton Mauleverer, and Scate Moor, to Greenhammerton, in the same County, and for making the same a High Carriage Road.

[21st March 1799.]

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. x - xviii. 219

Cap. x.

An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Terms and altering and enlarging the Powers, of three several Acts, passed in the fourteenth and twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross, and also from Ferrybridge to Wetherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge, in the County of York, so far as the same relate to the Road between Ferrybridge and Wetherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge.

[21st March 1799.]

Cap. xi.

An act to continue for the Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Evesham Bridge, in the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester, to The Globe Inn in Alcester, in the County of Warwick.

[21st March 1799.]

Cap. xii.

An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the Towns of Nottingham and Derby, so far as relates to the Road leading from Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge in the Town of Derby, and from the Guide Post in the Parish of Lenton to Sawley Ferry.

[21st March 1799.]

Cap. xiii.

An act to continue, for the Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and for altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Kilburn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to Sparrow's Herne, in the County of Hertford.

[21st March 1799.]

Cap. xiv.

An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and increasing, altering, and enlarging the Powers, of two several Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of the Town of Burton-upon-Trent, in the County of Stafford, through the said Town, to the South End of the Town of Derby in the County of Derby.

[21st March 1799.]

Cap. xv.

An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending; widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of Much Wenlock and from Gleeton Hill to Cressage, in the County of Salop.

[21st March 1799.]

Cap. xvi.

An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an act passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from The Birches Brook to Buildwas Bridge, and from thence to join the Watling Street Turnpike Road at Tern Bridge in the County of Salop, so far as relates to the last mentioned Road.

[21st March 1799.]

Cap. xvii.

An act to continue, for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and to amend the Powers, of an act passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Gosport, through Fareham and Wickham, to Bishop's Waltham, and from Wickham aforesaid to Chawton Pond, in the Parish of Chawton, all in the County of Southampton.

[21st March 1799.]

Cap. xviii.

An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the East End of the Town of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, through Watton to Broadwater, and from the Town of Ware, through Watton, to the North End of the Town of Walkern, in the said County.

[19th April 1799.]

220 C. xix - xxix. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Cap. xix.

An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, the sixth and twenty-sixth Years of His late Majesty, and in the twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Hertford, and from the End of the Town of Hertford to Amwell End, near Ware, in the County of Hertford, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned.

[19th 1799.]

Cap. xx.

An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the second and twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Weyhill, in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Lydeway, in the County of Wilts.

[10th May 1799.]

Cap. xxi.

An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of three several Acts, passed in the fourteenth and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road from Selby to Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[10th May 1799.]

Cap. xxii.

An act for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Dumfries and Roxburgh, to continue in Force for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

[10th May 1799.]

Cap. xxiii.

An act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Lea, at or near a Place called Jeremy's Ferry, and for making, repairing, and widening, Roads from thence into the Great Roads at Snaresbrooke in the County of Essex, and at Clapton in the County of Middlesex.

[10th May 1799.]

Cap. xxiv.

An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the third and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Kirkby Kendall, in the County of Westmoreland, to Kirkby Ireleth, in the County of Lancaster.

[10th May 1799.]

Cap. xxv.

An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, through Oldham to Austerlands, in the Parish of Saddleworth, in the County of York, and from Oldham to Ashton-under-Lyne, and from Oldham to the Village of Royton, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster.

[10th May 1799.]

Cap. xxvi.

An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Foston Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham.

[10th May 1799.]

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Loch Gilp to Loch Crinan in the Shire of Argyll.

[See 33 Geo. 3. c. 45.]

[10th May 1799.]

Cap. xxviii.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Severn, from or near Cressage, in the County of Salop, to the opposite Shore; and for making proper Roads or Avenues to and from the same.

[10th May 1799.]

Cap. xxix.

An act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Rowers, of two Acts made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Coleham Bridge, in Shrewsbury, to the Market Place in Church Stretton, and to the Top of Lythwood Hill, and from Pulley Common to the Maypole in Condover; and from Coleham Bridge to Longdon, and from the Fifth Milestone near Longdon, to the Turnpike Gate at Castle Pulverbatch, in the County of Salop.

[10th May 1799.]

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. xxx.—xxxviii. 221

Cap. xxx.

An act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Brown's-Lane, in Great Stoughton in the County of Huntingdon, to the Way Post near Wellingborough Bridge in the County of Northampton, and from the Pound in Kimbolton to the Way Post near Brington Bridge, in the said County of Huntingdon.

[10th May 1799.]

Cap xxxi.

An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, for repairing the Road from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Lewes, and certain other Roads in the County of Sussex.

[10th May 1799.]

Cap. xxxii.

An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Newark-upon-Trent, in the County of Nottingham, to join the Turnpike Road from Nottingham to Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, near the Guide Post on the Foss Road near Bingham, in the said County of Nottingham.

[10th May 1799.]

Cap. xxxiii.

An act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and to alter, enlarge, and repeal some of the Provisions of two Acts, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing of the Roads from an Intrenchment on Askerwell Hill, through Bridport to Penn Inn, from Bridport to Beaminster, from the North End of the South Street of Bridport to Bridport Harbour, from the North Turnpike Gate at Beaminster to Beaminster Wood, otherwise Wood Common, and to Lettham's Water, all in the County of Dorset.

[10th May 1799.]

Cap. xxxiv.

An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Dapden Wharf, in the Parish of Stoke, next Guldeford, through Guldeford, to Andrew's Cross, and to Alfold Bars, in the County of Surrey, and from thence to New Bridge, in the County of Sussex.

[10th May 1799.]

Cap. xxxv.

An act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and to alter and enlarge the Powers, of an act passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Gander-Lane in the County of Derby, to Sheffield in the County of York, and from Mosbrough-Green to Clown, both in the said County of Derby.

[20th May 1799.]

Cap. xxxvi.

An act for better supplying the Town and Port of Liverpool with Water, from certain Springs in the Township of Bootle, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[13th June 1799.]

Cap. xxxvii.

An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two several Acts, the one passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the North East Corner of Nuffield Common, by the Parish Church of Nuffield, otherwise Tuffield, in the County of Oxford, through Wallingford to Wantage, and from thence to Farringdon, in the County of Berks.

[13th June 1799.]

Cap. xxxviii.

An act for altering, enlarging, and repealing some of the Provisions in an act passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, and other Roads adjoining thereto, in the County of Somerset; and also for extending the Provisions of the said Act to a Road from Tucker's Gate, in the Parish of Lyng, to Piper's Inn, in the Parish of Ashcott, in the said County of Somerset.

[13th June 1799.]

222 C. xxxix - xlix. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Cap. xxxix

An act for continuing for thirty-eight Years, and rendering more effectual several Acts for charging a Duty of two Pennies Scots (or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling) on every Pint of Ale and Beer vended or sold within the Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, and Privileges thereof.

[13th June 1799.]

Cap. xl.

An act for continuing for thirty-eight Years, and rendering more effectual an act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for continuing the Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer vended or sold within the City of Glasgow, and Village of Gorbals, and Liberties and Privileges thereof.

[13th June 1799.]

Cap. xli.

An act for better regulating and employing the Poor, and for more effectually watching the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn which lies above the Bars, in the County of Middlesex, and the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the said County.

[13th June 1799.]

Cap. xlii.

An act for the better and more effectual Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Samford, in the County of Suffolk.

[13th June 1799.]

Cap. xliii.

An act for more effectually repairing and amending the Road leading from Long Horseley Bar or Gate, on the Post Road near the Town of Morpeth, by or through Long Horseley, Weldon Bridge, and Whittingham, to the River Breamish, and from thence to Piercy's Cross, in the County of Northumberland, to continue in Force for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

[13th June 1799.]

Cap. xliv.

An Act to amend two Acts made in the twenty-eighth and thirty-eighth Years* of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith.

[13th June 1799.]

[* c. xix.]

Cap. xlv.

An Act for explaining and amending two Acts, passed in the thirty-first and thirty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Livingstone, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of Glasgow, and other Roads therein mentioned.

[13th June 1799.]

[31 Geo. 3. c. 107. 32 Geo. 3. c. 154.]

Cap. xlvi.

An act for making and repairing the Road from Dunkeld to Coupar of Angus, by the Bridge of Isla, and the Road leading out of the Road between Dunkeld and Perth to the Boat at Caputh, by or through the Village of Stanley in the County of Perth, to continue in Force for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

[13th June 1799.]

Cap. xlvii.

An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, of two Acts, the one passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Burleigh Bridge, in the Town of Loughborough, to Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of Leicester, and for repairing and widening the Road, branching out of the said Road at Coleorton Church, over Coleorton Moor, and through Worthington and Sutton Bonington, to Rempston, in the Counties of Leicester and Nottingham.

[13th June 1799.]

Cap xlviii.

An act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Shaw Hill, in the Parish of Melksham, through Googe's Lane, Corsham, Biddestone, and West Yatton, to the Turnpike Road at Upper Coombe, in the Parish of Castle Coombe, in the County of Wilts.

[13th June 1799.]

Cap. xlix.

An act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving the Road at or near Beckhampton, and from the North Side of Swindon to the Carpenter's Arms in Blunsden, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Wilts.

[13th June 1799.]

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. l. — lviii. 223

Cap. l.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and amending the Powers, of three several Acts, passed in the twenty-fifth, twenty-seventh, and thirty-third Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, to the Pound in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon.

[13th June 1799.]

Cap. li.

An Act for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Gateshead, in the County of Durham% to the Church Lane, near Ryton Lane Head, and from the Bar Moor to the Hexham Turnpike Road, near Dilston Bar, in the County of Northumberland, and also several other Roads therein described, lying within the said Counties.

[13th June 1799.]

Cap. lii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Skipton in the County of York, to Clitheroe in the County of Lancaster.

[13th June 1799.]

Cap. liii.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Tweed, at or near the Town of Kelso, in the County of Roxburgh.

[13th June 1799.]

Cap. liv.

An Act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of the Right Honourable John Lord Rolle in Trustees, to sell or exchange the same, and purchase, or take in Exchange, other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof to the same Uses.

[13th June 1799.]

Cap. lv.

An act for vesting certain Estates in Tokenhouse Yard, in the City of London, in the Trustees of the other Settled Estates of the Marquis of Lansdown and the Right Honourable John Henry Petty, commonly called Earl of Wycombe, in Trust to be sold, and for laying out the Monies arising from the Sale in the Manner therein directed; and for empowering the said Trustees of the said Settled Estates to apply the Monies arising from the Sale of any Part thereof in the Manner therein directed; and for discharging the said Settled Estates from a Rent Charge of five hundred Pounds given to James Petty Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, by the Will of Henry formerly Earl of Shelburne, deceased.

[13th June 1799.]

Cap. lvi.

An act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of Simon Payne Esquire, and Hester his Wife, in the County of Gloucester, in Trustees, to be exchanged for Part of their unsettled Estates, in the County of Somerset.

[13th June 1799.]

Cap. lvii.

An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Tract or Parcel of Common, Waste, and Marsh Grounds, called Thornton Marsh, within the several Parishes of Poulton and Bispham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[13th June 1799.]

Cap. lviii.

---

An act for regulating the Rates of Porterage to be taken by Innkeepers and other Persons within the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark and Places adjacent.

[21st June 1799.]

'WHEREAS great Exactions and Abuses are daily practised in the Porterage or Delivery of Boxes,

Baskets, Packages, Parcels, Trusses, Game, and other Things, within the Cities of London and and the Borough of Southwark, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof respectively, and

other Pairs contiguous thereto, brought by Stage Waggons, Carts, Publick Srage Coaches, or Carriages: And whereas the Laws nowin being are insufficient for the Prevention T such ExaSions and Abuses: May it oleafeyour Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, no Innkeeper, Warehousekeeper, or other Person, to whom any Box, Basket, Package, Parcel, Truss, Game, or other Thing whatsoever, not exceeding fifty-six Pounds Weight, is brought by any Stage Waggon or Cart, or any Punjick Stage Coach or Carriage, or any Porter or ©thef Person employed by such Innkeeper, Warehousekeeper, or ether Person, in the Porterage or Delivery of any such Box, Basket, Package, Parcel, Truss, Game, or other Thing within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Borough of Southwark, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof respectively, and other Parts contiguous thereto, not exceeding the Distance of Half a Mile from the End of the Carriage Pavecnentin the several Streets and Places within the said Cities, Borough,

After July 5, 1799,no Person shall charge more than certain Rates for Toiterage of Parcels not cceding Haifa. C\>%

224

Rates.

penalty on taking more than the Rates, from ios« to 5s.

Tickets shall he made out at the Ions, and given to the Porters, and by them delivered with the Parcels. Penalty on Innkeeper, &c. not making out such Tickets from 40s. to 5s, —OnPorter, not delivering, or defacing same, 4cs.—On Porter overcharging, 20s.

Parcels brought

fy Coaches ihalibi: delivered within iix Hours, See on Penalty from ACS. to IOS.

Parcels brought by Waggons Shall be delivered within 24 Hours, on a hits Penalty.

Parcels directed to be left till Ca'Ied for shall h delivered to Fe ions to whom the same shall be directed, on Payment Of Carriage snd 2d. lor Warehouse Room, on like Penalty.

If rot f for tiil the Expiri-ti’jn of one

Vv e <. ii

it.tv- for Ware-

C.lviii. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

rough, and Liberties, shall a(k or demand, or receive or take, in respect of such Porterage or Delivery, any greater Rate or Price than the several Rates or Prices herein after mentioned; (that is to say,)

For an^ Distance not exceeding a Quarter of a Mile, the Sum of three Pence:

For any greater Distance than a Quarter of a Mile, but not exceeding Half a Mile, the Sum of four Pence:

For any greater Distance than Half a Mile, but nbt exceeding one Mile, the Sum of six Pence:

For any greater Distance than one Mile, but not exceeding one Mile and a Half, the Sum of eight Pence:

For any greater Distance than one Mile and a Half, but not exceeding two Miles, the Sum of ten Pence: and so in like Manner the additional Sum of three Pence for every further Distance not exceeding Half a Mile.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Porter or other Person employed in the Porterage or Delivery of such Boxes, Baskets, Packages, Parcels, Trusses, Game, or other Things as aforesaid, shall a(k or demand, or receive or take, of and from any Person or Persons in respect of such Porterage or Delivery, any greater Sum or Sums than the Rates or Prices herein before fixed in that Behalf, such Porter, or other Persons mall for every such Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings nor lets than five Shillings.

III. And be it further enacted, That before any such Box, Basket, Packet, Package, Parcel, Truss, Game, or other Thing whatsoever is sent from the Inn, Warehouse, or other Place to which the same is brought or conveyed, there shall be made out and given to the Porter or other Person employed in the Delivery thereof, a Card or Ticket, whereon shall be distinctly printed, written, pr marked the Name and Description of the Inn, Warehouse, or other Place from whence the same is sent, and the Sum due for the Carriage thereof, and also the Sum due for the Porterage or Delivery thereof, according to the Rates and Prices aforesaid, and the Christhn Name and Surname of the Porter or other Person employed in such Delivery, which Card or Ticket shall be delivered by the Porter or other Person employed as aforesaid, at the same Time and together with such Box, Basket, Packet, Package, Parcel, Truss, Game, or other Thing; and if any such Box, Basket, or other Article shall be sent from any Inn, Warehouse, or other Place without such Card or Ticket as aforesaid, every such Innkeeper, Warehouse keeper, or other Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings nor leis than five Shillings; and any Porter or other Person employed in the Delivery of any such Box, Basket, or other Article, who shall not at the Time of such Delivery leave therewith such Card or Ticket as aforesaid, or who shall wilfully alter, obliterate, or deface any Thing written, or expressed thereon, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings; and if any such Porter or other Person shall, upon the Delivery of such Box, Basket, or oAer Article, afkor demand, or take or receive any larger Sum for the Carriage of such Article than is written or expressed as aforesaid, every such Porter or other Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Box, Basket, Package, Parcel, Truss, Game, or other Thing, brought to any Inn, Warehouse, or other Place, by any Publick Stage Coach or Carriage, other than Stage Waggons, for the Purpose of Delivery within the Limits aforesaid, (except where the same shall be directed to be left till called for,) shall be delivered according to the Direction thereof within six Hours after the Arrival of any fie 1 Box. Basket, or other Article at such Inn, Warehouse or other Place, unless such Arrival shall be between the Hours of Four in the Evening and Seven in the Morning, and in that Case every such Delivery shall be made within six Hours after such Hour in the Morning, and in Default thereof every Innkeeper, Warehousekeeper, or other Person, to whole Inn, Warehouse, or other Place such Box, Basket, or other Article shall be brought as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings nor less than ton Shillings.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Box, Basket, Package, Parcel, Truss, Game, or other Thing brought to any Inn, Warehouse, or other Place, by any Publick Stage Waggon for the Purpose of Delivery within the Limits aforesaid, (except where the same shall be directed to be left till called for,) shall

delivered according to the Direction thereof within twenty-four Hours after the Arrival cfany such Box, Bafleet, or other Artic'e at such Inn, Warehouse, or other Place, and in Default thereof every Innkeeper, Warehouse keeper, or other Person, to whole Inn, Warehouse, or other Place such Box, Basket, or other Article (hiili be brought as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every fjch Offence any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings coi u Is th n ;en Shillings.

VI. And be it enacted, That every such Box, Basket, Package, Parcel, Truss, Game, or other Thing brought to such Inn, Warehouse, or other Place as aforesaid, which shall be directed to be left till called for, shall, upon the Dermnd of the Person properly authorised to receive the same, be delivered to such Person without any Charge or Demand whatsoever, other than what is justly due for the Carriage thereof, and the additional Sum of two Pence for the Warehouse Room thereof; and if the same be not delivered to such Person upon such Demand, or any Charge other than as aforesaid be made or received in respect thereof, every Innkeeper, Warehousekeeper, or other Person, to whole Inn, Warehouse, or other Place such Box, Basket, or other Article shall be brought as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence or Overcharge any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings nor less than ten Shillings.

VII. Provided nevertheless, That if such Box, Basket, or other Article so directed to be left till called for be not sent for from such Inn, Warehouse, or other Place before the End of one Week after the same is brought to iu<h Inn, Warehouse, or other Place, it shall be lawful to and for such In ikeeper, Warehousekeeper, or other Person to charge and receive the further Sum ofone Penny for the Warehouse-Room thereof,

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. lviii. 225

and so in like Manner if the same be not sent for before the End of the second or any subsequent Week to charge the further Sum of one Penny weekly.

VIII. Provided also, That if any such Box, Basket, or other Article brought to such Tun, Warehouse, or other Place as aforesaid, which is not directed to be left till called for, shall, before the same is sent for Delivery from such Inn, Warehouse, or other Place, be demanded by any Person properly authorised to receive the same, such Box/Ba(ket, or other Article shall be thereupon delivered to such Person so demanding the same; and it shall in such Case be lawful to and for such Innkeeper, Warehousekeeper, or other Person to charge and take the Sum juilly due for the Carriage thereof, and also the Sum of two Pence for the Warehouse-Room thereof; but if the same be not delivered to such Person upon such Demand, or any Charge other than as aforesaid be made or received in respect thereof, every Innkeeper, Warehousekeeper, or other Person, to whose Inn, Warehouse, or other Place such Box, Basket, or other Article shall be brought as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings nor less than ten Shillings.

IX. And, for the preventing the Misbehaviour of Porters or other Persons employed in the Porterage or Delivery of such Boxes, Baskets, Packages, Parcels, Trusses, Game, or other Things as aforesaid,’ be it further eluded, That upon Complaint made of any Non-Delivery, Neglect, Misconduct, or Misbehaviour in such Employment to any Justice of the Peace within whose Jurisdiction the Offence has been committed, or the Offender shall be or reside, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice of the Peace to grant a Warrant to bring before him the Person against whom such Complaint shall be made, and upon Proof, made upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer,) of any such Non-Delivery, Neglect, Misconduct, or Misbehaviour of such Porter or other Person, to impose a Fine or Penalty upon such Porter or other Person not exceeding, the Sum of twenty Shillings nor leis than five Shillings.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person to whom any such Box, Baficet, Package, Parcel, Truss, Game, or other Article as aforesaid shall be directed, shall, upon the Delivery thereof, neglect or refuse to pay to the Porter or other Person employed to deliver the same the Money justly due for the Carriage thereof, and also due for the Porterage or Delivery thereof, according to the Rates aforesaid, or for the Warehouse*Room thereof, as the Case may be, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace within whose Jurisdiction such Neglect or Refusal shall be made, or the Person charged with such Offence shall reside, upon Complaint thereof made, to grant a Warrant to bring before him the Person against whom such Complaint shall be made, and upon Proof thereof, made upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer,) to award reasonable Satisfaction to the Party grieved, for his Damage and Costs, and for his Loss of Time in lecovering the same, and on Non-Payment of the Sum so awarded, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, rendering to such Offender the Overplus of such Distress, if any there be, after deducting the Charges of making the same.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be prosecuted for any Offence against this Act, unless Information of such Offence be given to a Justice of the Peace within fourteen Days next after the Commission of such Offence.

XII. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize the Employment of any Porter or other Person in the Porterage or Delivery of Parcels within the City of London contrary to the Laws and Usagesof the said City. Porter contrary to the Usageofth?

XIII. And, for the speedy Recovery of all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures which shall be incurred under this Act,’ be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace withui whose Jurisdiction any Offence or Offences against this Act shall be committed, or the Person charged with such Offence (hah retide, upon Complaint or Information to him or them made, to summon the Party or Parties accused, and also the Witnesses on either Side, to appear before him or them at a certain Time and Place in such Summons to be specified, and upon the Appearance of the Party or Parties accused, or in Default of his, her, or their Appearance according to such Summons, tdue Proof being made of the Service of such Summons,) to proceed to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way, and upon due Proof made of the Offence, either by the voluntary Confdlion of the Party or Parties accused, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, ( which Oath or Oaths the said Justice or Justices is or are empowered to administer.) to convict the Party or Parties, and to award. and adjudge the Penalties imposed by this Act to be paid by such Offender or Offenders, together with reasonable Costs and Charges attending such Conviction, and upon Non-Payment of the Surn so awarded, either immediately or at such Time as the said Justice or Justices shall appoint, not exceeding seven Days, such Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction (shall be had is or are hereby empowered and authorised to issue his or their Warrant for apprehending such Offender; and in case such Offender shall escape or go. out of the Jurisdiction of such Justice or Justices, it shall and may be lawful for any other Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where such Offender shall be found, by Indorsement of such Warrant, to authorize the Execution thereof within the Jurisdiction of such Justice, and the Justice or Justices who granted such Warrant may, upon the Offender bving brought before him or them, commit such Offender to some? publick Prison or House of Correction of the City, County, or Place in which such Offence shall have been committed, or such Offender shall have redded, there to remain without Bail or Mainprise for any Term not exceeding one Calendar Month or less than fourteen Days from the Day of every inch Commitment, unless such Offender shall sooner pay the Sum to be mentioned in every such Warrant of Commitment.

houfo-Room may be charged

P.ucfls not dire fed to He left mi o.iied for fh »!J be delivered in like Manner on Demand, un-'er 3 like Penalty.

M.'fhehmour ot Porters may br pimished by one Justice, by Fmctrom 20s. to 5s.

Rates of Porterage may be recovered before one Justice, who may levy same and Colts by Distivfc.

Informations shall be laid within 14 Days. Not to authorize the Employment of my v ity of Londc a. Penalties t:ny he recovu-.-d before one Juli.cr, &:

2 26

WitnessVs not attending shall forfeit from 40s. to 20s.

Refusing to give Evidence may be committed for 14 Days,

Form of Conviction,

to be certified to the Sctfions.

Allowing an Appeal to the Quarter Sofikms.

Penalties, Half to the Informer and Half to the Poor.

[Limitation of Actions.]

[General Issue.]

[Double Costs.]

C. lviii. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before any such Justice or Justices of the Peace touching any Matter contained in this Act, and shall have had a reasonable Sunt of Money paid or tendered to him for his Loss of Time and Expences, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such his or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justice or Justices, every such Person shall forfeit or pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than twenty Shillings, to be levied and paid in such Manner and by" such Means as herein-before directed with respect to other Penalties; and if any Person or Persons summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence as aforesaid shall appear at the Time and Place for that Purpose appointed, but shall refuse to answer any lawful Questions such Justice or Justices may think proper to put to him, such Justice or Justices may commit every such Person to some rrifon or House of Correction of the City, County, or Place within the Jurisdiction of such Justice or Justices, for any Time not exceeding fourteen Days from the Time of every such Commitment.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the following Form of Words, or in any Form of Words to the same Effect; (that is to say,)

t To wit. S BEi* remembered, That on this Day of in the Year of his Majesty King A.B. is convicted before me, [or us] one [or two] of his Majesty's

Justices of the Peace for the City of London, [or for the City and Liberty of IVejhriwjhr, or for the County of [as the Case may be*] for that the said A.B. on the Day of now last past, did,

contrary to the Statute in that Case made and provided [herejlate the Ojfcr.ce agabift the Act ]; and I [or 4 we] do declare and adjudge, that the said A.B. hath forfeited the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain for the Offence aforesaid. Given under my Hand and Seal, [or our Hands and Seals,] the Day and Year aforesaid.’

And the said Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be had shall certify the same to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the City, County, Liberty, or Place wherein such Conviction was had, to be filed and kept amongst the Records of the said General or Quarter Sessions, and such Conviction shall be good and valid in the Law to all Intents and Purpose.% and shall not be qualbed, set aside, or judged void or inefficient for Want of Form only, and shall not be liable to be removed by Certiorari into his Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, but shall be deemed and taken to be final to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment or Determination of any such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the City, Liberty, County, or Place where such Judgment shall be given, at their then next General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, unless such next General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall happen to be holden within six Days next after any such Conviction, and in such Case such Person or Persons may appeal to the fecoud General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for any such City, Liberty, County, or Place next after any such Conviction, but no such Appeal shall be received, heard, or determined unless the Appellant or Appellants shall first enter into a Recognizance with two sufficient Sureties, before such Justice or Justices so convicting as aforesaid, in the Sum of ten Pounds each, to appear and prosecute every such Appeal with Effect*, and the Justices of the Peace at such General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace are hereby authorised and required, on every such Appeal being made, and on reasonable Notice thereof given to the other Party, finally to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order and to award such Costs therein as they in their Discretion shall fee meet, and which said Order and Determination shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and no Certiorari shall be allowed to remove any such Proceedings or Determination.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That one Moiety of the Penalties by this Act imposed shall, when recovered, go and be paid to the Person or Persons who shall prosecute to Conviction any such Offender or Offenders, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish in which the Offence shall be committed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be sued or prosecuted for any Thing done in pursuance and in execution of this Act after the Expiration of six Months from the Time when the Offence was committed, and every such Suit or Prosecution shall be brought in the City, County, or Place where such Offence shall have been committed, and not elsewhere; and every Person so sued shall and may plead the General issue, (Not guilty,) and may give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if a Verdict shall be found for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuit or discontinue his Action after the Defendant shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon a Demurrer against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action shall receive Double Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as Defendants have in other Cases for the Recovery of their Costs.

---

[Publick Act.]

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specicially pleading the same.

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. lix - lxvii. 227

Cap. lix.

An Act to enlarge the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts, relating to the Harbour of Liverpool; and for making two additional Wet Docks and Piers in or near the Port of Liverpool; and for rendering more safe and commodious the said Port and Docks.

[21st June 1799].

Cap. lx.

An Act for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of the Stratford upon Avon Canal Navigation to vary the Course of certain Parts of the said Canal, directed to be made by an act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also to make a Branch out of the said Canal, and also to vary the Course of a navigable Cut directed to be made from the said Stratford upon Avon Canal, in the Parish of Lapworth, into the Warwick and Birmingham Canal, in the Manor of Kingswood, in the County of Warwick, by another Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for amending the said Acts.

[21st June 1799.]

[33 Geo. 3. c. 112. 35 Geo. 3. c. 72.]

Cap lxi.

An Act for paving the Footways, and for cleansing, lighting, and regulating, the Streets, Lanes, and other Publick Passages and Places, within the Town of Trowbridge, in the County of Wilts; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions, therein.

[1st July 1799.]

Cap. lxii.

An act for continuing, for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of three Acts, passed in the first, ninth, and twenty-second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and enlarging the Road leading from the House called The Sign of the Bells, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, in Rochester, to Maidstone, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent.

[1st July 1799.]

Cap. lxiii.

An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from The Green Man, in the Chapelry of Seend, in the County of Wilts, through Trowbridge, to Beckington, in the County of Somerset, and several other Roads communicating with, or lying near to, the said Road; and for making and maintaining certain Pieces of New Road in Trowbridge aforesaid.

[1st July 1799.]

Cap. lxiv.

An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers of an act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An act for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning the Road from Ardwick Green, near Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, to the Bridge at the Corn Mills at Wilmslow, in the County of Chester.

[1st July 1799.]

Cap. lxv.

An act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, leading from a Gate, in the Town and County of Poole, called Poole Gate; and for repealing two Acts of Parliament, of the twenty-ninth and thirtieth Years of His late Majesty, relating to the said Roads; and also for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, towards paving and repairing a certain Street or Way within the said Town and County.

[1st July 1799.]

Cap. lxvi.

An act to empower the Right Honourable Henry Earl Fauconberg to charge his Settled Estates in the Counties of York and Chester with the Sum of fifteen thousand Pounds, in lieu of the Right of him the said Henry Earl Fauconberg, and the other Tenants for Life of the said Estates, to cut down Timber growing thereon; and to grant Building Leases of such Parts of the said Settled Estates as are near, or adjoining to, the Town of Macclesfield, in the said County of Chester; and for vesting the Manor and other Hereditaments of and in Sutton in the Forest, in the said County of York, other Part of the said Settled Estates, in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same, and, out of the Money arising from the Sale thereof, to discharge the Incumbrances on the said Settled Estates.

[1st July 1799.]

Cap. lxvii.

An act for more easily effectuating the Sale of Part of the Freehold Estates late of James Duberly Esquire, deceased, and for applying the clear Monies to arise therefrom upon the Trusts of the Marriage Settlements of his five Daughters.

[1st July 1799.]

228 C. lxviii - lxix. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Cap. lxviii.

An act for vesting the Fee Simple of several Estates in the County of Chester, (devised by the Will of Philip Egerton Esquire, deceased, to a Trustee for a Term of Years, for the Purpose of discharging his Debts, with Remainder to the Uses therein mentioned,) in Trustees, to be sold for discharging the said Debts, and to lay out the Surplus (if any) of the Monies arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands to be settled to the same Uses.

[1st July 1799.]

Cap. lxix.

An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London.

[12th July 1799.]

---

WHEREAS considerable Disadvantages to the Trade of the Port of London arise from the circuitous Course of the River Thames round the Tract of Land, called The Isle of Dogs: And whereas, from the very great and progressive Increase of the Number and Size of Ships and other Vessels trading to the Port of London, the River Thames, in the said Port, is, in general, so much crowded with Shipping, Lighters, and other Craft, that the Navigation of a considerable Part of the said River is rendered tedious and dangerous; and there is much Want of Room in the said Port, for the safe and convenient Mooring of Vessels and Access to them: And whereas great Inconveniences are also experienced in the said Port, for Want of Regulations concerning the navigating and mooring of Vessels in the same: And whereas Want of Accommodation for the landing and shipping of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, has for some Years past been experienced, by Reason of the confined and crowded State of the legal Quays in or belonging to the said Port: And whereas great Delays, Accidents, Damages, Losses, and extraordinary Expences, are sustained from the aforesaid Cause, to the Hindrance of Commerce, and the great Injury of the Publick Revenue: And whereas the said Evils might, in a considerable Degree be remedied, if a navigable Canal for Ships and other Vessels were made across the said Isle of Dogs, between Blackwall and Limehouse Hole,

and if proper Measures were adopted for the better navigating and mooring Ships and other Vessels in the River Thames; and also if good and sufficient Wet Docks and Basons were made in some Part or Parts of the said Isle of Dogs, with Quays, Wharfs, and Warehouses attached thereto, for the Reception, Discharge, and Loading of Ships and Vessels in the West India Trade: But inasmuch as the same cannot be

effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, apd by The Court of the Authority of the same, That the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Com-t:cmn, onCoun- m0l) Council assembled, shall be, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, by themselves, their «m°owered°to Committees, Agents, Workmen, and Servants, to design, lay out, make, maintain, and support, accord-nnkeTnavigA- ing to fu°h ^an or Plans, and in such Manner and Form as they shall approve of, a navigable Canal with bh c.mal aooTj proper and necessary Cuts, Flood Gates, and other Works adjoining or belonging thereto, to be situated in The Isle of Dogs*. and pais through the said Tract of Land called The Isle of Dogs, in the Hamlet of Poplar and Blackmail, and Parish of Stebonheath, otherwise Stepney, within the Tower Division of the County of Middlesex, commonly called The Tower Hamlets, and to communicate with the River Thames, at or near Blackwall aforesaid, and also at or near a Place called Limehouse Hole, so as to open, provide, and afford, a safe, ready, and convenient navigable Course and Passage, for Ships and other Vessels, across the said Isle of Dogs.

Power to build Piers at Blackwall and Limehouse Hole, to facilitate the Entrances into the Canal, but so as not to injure the Navigation of the River. §2. Line of Canal and the Docks, £5Sc. to be according to 44 a Plan and Book of Reference, deposited and to remain in the Offices of the Clerks of the Peace for Middlesex and the Tower Hamlets, without Deviation, unless with the Consent of Parties interested in the Lands. §3. Power to the said Common Council to enter Lands, and survey, design, and set out. §4. _ 44 Powers to supply the Canal with Water from the Thames, and for that Purpose to make Soughs^ Aque- diutts, isle, and to cleanse Watercourses and raile the Banks thereof; and to make Watering Places for Castle; and to dig, remove, and carry away Earth, Uc. and to build Bridges, Flood Gates, Toll Houses, Uc. and to divert and alter Ways, Bridges, Uc. and to lay and work Materials on the adjoining Grounds; and to make Bricks, and take Sand from the River; and to make or alter Fences, isle, and to make Towing Paths, Uc. and to make and do all other Things necessary, Uc- doing as little Damage as may be, and making Satisfaction for Damages. §5. Power to arch over, fill up, or alter Sewers and Drains, and to build new ones under the Direction of the Justices and Commissioners of Sewers, for the Tower Hamlets, exclusive of Saint Catherine's and Blackwall Mar]})* Such new Sewers to be vetted in and under the Direction of the Commissioners of Sewers. §6,"

Power to make and maintain Dtawar.dSwivel Bi id"cs —

, Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens to fcr indi&ahie in c fe Che lame Are not kept in ftrpair*

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby directed and required, on or at any Time after the making of the said Canal and Cuts, to make and build such good and substantial Draw' Bridges and Swivel Bridges for Carriages and Passengers, over the said Canal, and the Cuts and Sluices which shall belong thereto, or any of them, and at such Places as they shall deem necessary, and for ever to keep the same in good and substantiat Repair; and to raile, level, or fink the Highways adjoining to the said Bridges, and to fence the same with Rails, Potts, or Banks, where necessary or required by the Surveyors of the Highways; and the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and their Successors, shall be liable to be indicted for not

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. lxix. 229

making and keeping at all Times, in substantial Repair, the said Draw Bridges and Swivel Bridges so to be made and maintained, and shall be further liable to pay the Costs of every such Prosecution, upon Con-vi<ftion, in case it shall be proved, upon Oath, that the Surveyors of the Highways shall have made a Re-qaifition, in Writing, for such Repairs, thirty Days previous to the Commencement of such Prosecution.

" Power to build on, stop up, or inclose. Parts of Streets, and also Courts, Alleys, &c. and to sell or let the " Ground. §8. Power to dig for Gravel, to repair Works damaged by Floods. §9. Power to scour " the Canal, £sV. Remove Wrecks, at the Charge of the Owners. §10. Power to cleanse adjoining " Watercourses, at the Land Owner’s Expence. §11. The Common Council in making the said Works are not to prejudice or obstruct the Works of the West India Dock Company after mentioned. (See §38.) M —§ is. Houses or Buildings (except Sewers and Bridges) are not to be taken, altered, We. till paid for, M and fix Month’s Notice given to Tenants at Will or Lefties for a Year. (See §28.)—§ 13."

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby empowered for the Purposes in this Act mentioned, to treat and agree with the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and other Persons interested therein, for the Purchase of all such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of what Nature or Kind soever, in or near the Hamlet of Poplar and Blackwall^ and Parish of Stebonheath, otherwise Stepney aforesaid, and in the Parish of Saint Ann, Limehouse, in the said County of Middlesex^ as they or the said West India Dock Company, shall judge necessary to be purchased, employed, taken down, removed, altered, or made use of in and about the Works or Concerns of the said Canal, Docks, Basons, Cuts, Sluices, Quays, or Wharfs, Ware-houses, and other Works, by this Act authorised to be made, as herein is mentions, or any of them, or enlarging or improving the same respectively, so as the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so to be treated or agreed for, or purchased, shall be respectively situated, or shall arise or be within the Boundary Line or Limits next herein after described; (that is to say,) within a Boundary Line formed by and coinciding with the Bank or Shore of the River Thames^ from the South West Corner of the Dock Yard and Premises at Blackwall, belonging to and in the Occupation of John Perry, along the said River upwards, according to the circuitous CourTe thereof, round and including the East, South, and Weft Sides of the said Isle of Dogs, up to the North West Corner of a Dock called The Lime Kiln Dock, at or near Limehouse Hole aforesaid, and from thence extending Eastward along the North West Side of and including the same Lime Kiln Dock, as far as the North haft Corner thereof, and from thence extending Eastward along the North Brink or Side of and including the Common Sewer there, as far as the North East Corner of a Field belonging foand now in the Occupation of Thomas Drain, and from thence turning Southward along and including a Drain at the East End of the said Field, as far as the South West Extremity of the Gardens or Garden Grounds lying on the East Side of the same last mentioned Drain, and then turning Eastward across a Way or Passage there, called Dingle's Lane, and along the North Side of a Field belonging to and in the Occupation of William Shelton, up to a Road called Gut Lane, and then returning Southward along the East Side of the said Road, as far as the North West Corner of a Field belonging to and in the Occupation of William Newby; and from thence extending Eastward along the North Side of the same Field, and along the Backs or South Boundaries of the Gardens belonging to the Houses there (landing on the South Side of the Street called Poplar Street^ far as the North End of the Rope Manufactory, called\ Perry's Rope Grounds, situated on the West Side of the Street called Blackwall causeway, and continuing Eastward. along the North End of, and including the said Rope Grounds, to the North East Corner thereof, and continuing further Eastward in the same Line across a Row of Sheds, or other Buildings there, into the said Street, and from thence returning Southward along the West Side of Blackwall causeway aforesaid, as far as such Place or Spot on the said West Side as is opposite to the North West Corner of a Messuage and Premises on the East Side of the said Street or Causeway, in the Occupation of Edward Douncc, and then crofting the said Street or causeway at right Angles, and going Eastward along the North End or Boundary of the last mentioned Messuage and Premises, to the North East Corner thereof, and then returning Southward along, the Backs or East Boundaries of and including the Messuages and Premises there, in the respective Occupations of Edward Dounce and Thomas Berry, and then returning Eastward along the North Side, and up to the North East Corner of the Messuage and Premises in the Occupation of Richard Beefom, and then turning, and proceeding Southward in a direct Line to the South East Corner of the Messuage and Premises in the Occupation of Robert Jackson, and from thence continuing Southward in a direct Line to the North East Coiner of the Warehouses belonging to and in the Occupation of Captain PelUy, and from thence continuing Southward along the Backs or East Boundaries of the same Warehouses and Premises down to the adjoining Wharf and Premises, belonging to and in the Occupation of Thomas Nnvtc, and then turning Eastward! along the North End, and Southward along the East Side of the last mentioned Premises, down to the River Thames, at the South West Corner of the aforesaid Dock Yard and Premises belonging to and in the Occupation of John Perry.

u No Person compellable to sell Part of his Premises, Land, &c. if willing to sell the Whole, unless where w the Whole of the Land exceeds ten Acres. The Seller desirous of disposing of the Whole to give Notice €; at the Comptroller’s Office, Guildhall, within thirty Days after Application to him by the Common " Council. §15. Power of purchasing by the Common Council limited to five Years. §16."

Common Council empowered to purchase Houses, Lands, See. within certain Limits, on and near the i/ieof

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or any When Parties other Person or Persons, Ceiled or polled of or interested in any such Houses, Building?, Lands, Tenements, rtrlllfe> or are or Hereditaments as aforesaid, (hill refuse to treat or agree, or shall not agree, or by Rc«son of Absence or ^thVcourtol Disability, cannot agree with the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in.Common Council uiFembled, or Mayor and aldermen

230 C. lxix. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

dermcn to issue a Precept for impannelling a Jury}

who are to be drawn as under 3 Geo. a. 15.

and are to attend at the General or Quarter Sessions.

Any of the Jurymen may be challenged, but not the Array.

Jury toafless the Value on Oath.

Verdict of the Jury, &c. to be final.

Previous Notice being given to Parties intt-rtfted.

If the Sums assessed by the Jury do not exceed the Sum previously off.rcd by the Common Council, the Vendees to pay the Cods of the Jury.

with any Person or Persons authorised by them, for the Sale and Conveyance of their respective Estates and Interests therein, or cannot be found or known, or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premises they are in Possession of, or to the Interest they claim therein, to the Satisfaction of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or of the Person or Persons so authorised by them, then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, to be holden in the outer Chamber of the Guildhall of the said City, according to the Custom of the said City, and the said Court are hereby required to issue a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, directed to the Sheriff or Bailiff of the County, Division, District, or Liberty, wherein the Premises shall respectively lie* or be, who is hereby authorised, directed, and required accordingly, to impannel, summon, and return a competent Number of substantial and disinterested Persons, qualified to serve on Juries, not lefe than forty-eight, nor more than seventy-two; and out of such Persons so to be impannelled, summoned, and returned, a Jury of twelve Men shall be drawn, by some Person to be by the said Court appointed, in such Manner as Juries for the Trial of Issues joined in his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, are by an Act, made in the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Juries, directed to be drawn; which Persons so to be impannelled, summoned, and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the Justices of the Peace for the County, Division, District, or Liberty, wherein the Premises shall lie or be, at some Court of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden in and for the said County, Division, District, or Liberty, or at some Adjournment thereof, as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be directed and appointed, and to attend such Court of General or Quarter Sessions^ from Day to Day, until discharged by the said Court; and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not be at Liberty to challenge the Array; and the said Justices are hereby authorised and empowered, by Precept or Precepts, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to call before them all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who shall be thought proper and necessary to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, on his, her, or their Oath or Oaths, touching or concerning the Premises; and the said Justices, if they think fit, shall and may, on the Application of either Party, likewise authorize the said Jury to view the Place or Places, or Premises in Question, in such Manner as they shall direct; and the said Justices shall have Power to adjourn such Court from Day to Day, as Occasion shall require, and to command such Jury, Witnesses, and Parties to attend, until all such Affairs for which they were summoned shall be concluded; and the said Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as also the Oaths of such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Justices are hereby empowered and required to administer) shall esquire of the Value of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and of the proportionable Value of the respective Estates and interests of all and every Persons and Person seised or poilessed thereof, or interested therein, or of or in any Part or Parts thereof, and shall assess and award the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to such Person or Persons, Party or Parties respectively, for the Purchase of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and of such respective Estates and Interests therein; and also for Good Will, Improvements, or any Injury or Damage whatsoever, that may affect any such Person or Persons, Party or Parties, either as Leaseholder or Tenant at Will; and the said Justices shall and may give judgement for such Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed; which said Verdictor Verdicts, and the said Judgement and Judgements, Determination and Determinations thereupon, (Notice in Writing being given to the Person or Persons interested, or claiming so to be, at least fourteen Days before the Time of the Meeting of the said Justices as aforesaid and Jury, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling House of such Person or Persons, or at his, her, or their last usual Place or Places of Abode, or with some Tenant or Occupier of the Premises respectively intended to be valued,) shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all Bodies Politick, Corporate and Collegiate, and all and every Persons and Person claiming any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, Use, or Interest in, to, or out of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments and Premises, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, as well Infants and Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, and Femes Covert, and Persons under any other legal Incapacity or Disability, as all other Cestuique Trusts, their, his, and her Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, and against all other Persons whomsoever: And the said Verdicts, Judgments, and Determinations, and all other Proceedings of the said Justices and Juries so to be made, given, and pronounced as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on Parchment and signed by the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being, of the County, Division, District, or Liberty, wherein the Premises shall respectively lie or be; and in case it shall so happen, that the Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed and awarded, in consequence of such Refusal to treat and agree as aforesaid, as the Value of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or as such proportional Value as aforesaid, and as the Recompence and Satisfaction to be made for the Injury or Damage sustained as before mentioned respectively, shall not exceed the Sum or Sums of Money which the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or any Person or Persons authorised by them, shall have previously offered to pay, as and for such Value, Recompence, and Satisfaction, then, and in every such Case^ all the reasonable Costs, Charges, and Expences, of caufuig and procuring such Value and Recompence to be assessed and awarded as aforesaid, and of so assessing and awarding the same, shall be borne and paid by the Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons so seised or possessed of, or interested in such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and so refusing to treat and agree as before mentioned respectively, and the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, are hereby authorised and empowered to deduct and retain the said Costs, Charges, and Expences, out of the Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed or awarded as aforesaid, or out of any Part thereof.

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. lxix. 231

The Justices at General or Quarter Sessions empowered to impose Fines not exceeding ten Pounds, on Sheriffs, Jury, Witnesses, isfc. for Non-attendance, Neglect, is'e. $ 18. Corporations Sole or Aggregate,

Trustees, Committees, Guardians, and Executors and hemes Covert seised in their own Right, empowered to sell and convey Lands, t5fc. §19. Bargains and Sales acknowledged and enrolled in Chancery by Femes Covert and all others to have the force of Fines and Recoveries. §20. Upon Payment of the w Value agreed for, (or addled, by a Jury under §17.) the Premises to be conveyed to the Corporation of London, or their Trustees. When a good Title cannot I e made, or legal Conveyances executed, or the Parties are not to be found, ts'e. Court of Mayor and Aldermen may order the Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank, £sV. subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery on Motion or Petition. §21.

Mortgagees, not in Possession on Tender of Principal and Interest due, with fix Month’s Interest more,

shall immediately convey, or on fix Month’s Notice on receiving Principal and Interest then due, or 011 Refusal, Interest to cease. §22. Upon Payment of Mortgage Money into the Bank, (at the End of such fix Month’s Notice,) Premises to vest in the Corporation. §23, Verdicts and Judgements of the Justices and Juries, and Receipts of Cashiers of the Bank, to be entered among the Records of the Quarter Sessions. Immediately after Verdicts, Judgements, Payments, &c. Premises to vest in the City. §24."

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money or Recompence shall be to be paid for any Houses > Purchase Mo-Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be purchased, taken, used, or damaged, for the Purposes of this Act, to or for the Benefit of any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporation of Premises be-Aggregate or Sole, Feme Covert, Lunatick, or Person under any other Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, longing to iu-such Money or Recompence shall, in case the same be not less than the Sum of one hundred Pounds, with all capacitated Per-convenient Speed be inverted in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Here- &c. to be ditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled upon, and subject to the like Uses, Trusts, and Limitations, pJrchWof C as the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, belonging to such Body Politick, Corpo- ot^,- premises fate, or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Feme Covert, Lunatick, or other Person as aforesaid, to be settled to and so to be purchased, taken, used, or damaged, for the Purposes of this Act, were settled, limited, or the like Uses 5 affined; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase can be had, such Money shall be paid into the and in the mean Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chan- Time such Mo* ceiy, to be placed to his Account there, ex parts the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, or their ?ey tobc Paid Successors, pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of the twelfth Year of King George the First, ^e^ia Geo 1* Chapter the Thirty-second, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, accord- -jl/and ing to the Act of the twelfth Year of King George the Second, Chapter the Twenty- fourth, and shall, when VaCco.*. c 24. so paid in, be laid out in the Purchase of Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, and the Interest and laid out arising from the Money laid out in such Bills, and the Money received for the same as they shall respectively ‘"Navy, be paid off by Government, shall be laid out in the Name of the said Accountant General in the Purchase of other Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills; all which said Navy or Victualling Bills and Exche- in the Name of quer Bills shall be deposited in the Bank, in the Name of the said Accountant General, and shall there remain the Accountant until a proper Purchase or Purchases shall be found and approved of by the said Mayor, and Com- General, monalty, and Citizens, or their Successors, and until the same shall, upon a Petition setting forth such Approbation, (to be preferred to the Court of Chancery in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would be entitled to the Rents and Profits of any of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased therewith, if the same were purchased and settled,) be ordered to be sold by the said Accountant General for completing such Purchase, in fqch Manner as the said Court shall think just and direct; and it shall be lawful for the said Court to make such Order or Orders in a summary Way, touching the Payment er Application of the Monies so to be paid into the Bank, and touching such Navy,

Victualling, or Exchequer Bills, and the Interest thereof, in pursuance of the Directions of this Act as the said Court shall think fit; but in case any such Money shall be less than the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and But If such Mo* not less than the Sum of twenty Pounds, then such Money shall be paid to such Person or Persons as the ney be less than Party or Parties entitled thereto shall respectively nominate to receive the same, in Trust, with all convenient 0BC hundred Speed, to be reinvested in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and not

which shall be conveyed to, and settled upon, and subject to, the like Uses, Trusts, Limitations, Remain- pounds" ders, and Contingencies, as the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be same tobc paid purchased or damaged as aforesaid, wertfrc-speclively settled, limited, or allured to, upon, or subject to, atto such Persons the Time of purchasing or damaging the same, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyances as Parties and Settlements shall be existing, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase or Purchases shall be made, the said Money shall be placed out by or on Behalf of such Bodies Politick, Trust, to be Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, in some inverted in the of the Publick Funds, or on Government or Real Securities, in the Names of two or more Persons to Purchase of be nominated by the Party or Parties interested therein, and to be approved of by the said Mayor, and oth"i>rCimJfei Commonalty, and Citizens, or their Successors; and the Dividends or Interest arising, or to be produced from tl°Jnke Uses*0 such Funds or Securities, shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively as would, for the Time and in the mean being, be entitled to the Rents and Profits of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- Time, such ments, (b to be purchased, conveyed, and settled by virtue of this Act: And the said Mayor, and Com- Monies to be monalty, and Citizens, and their Successors, and the other Person or Persons to whom the Mayor, Aldermen, Place(? ?ut.on and Commons of the said City, shall order or direct the said Premises for which such Money shall have been Namesof Trust so paid as aforesaid, to be conveyed as before mentioned, shall be quieted in the Seisin and Possession of the tcCs, for the Houses* Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for which such Money shall be so paid as afore- Benefit of the said, Partita entitled.

Persons having any Right, fee. to be barred unkft they enter tly'.r Claims with tlit Clerk 01 the Peace within five Years after Enrolment of the Conveyance, See.

but may recover the Purchase Money, fee. from Persons receiving ike same.

The Messuages, ds, ice. to be pur ha fed, and the Cana], Buildings, &c. to be made and built by the Common Council, are to be vested in the Corporation. Corporation empowered to prosecute in case of Damages to the Works.

Power to the Common Council to grant Licences for building on Parts of the Streets, fee.

232 C. lxix. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

said, and shall not be answerable or accountable in any Court of Law or Equity for the Money so deposited and placed out as before mentioned, any otherwise than according to the true Meaning of this Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person whosoever, having or claiming any Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, or Demand whatsoever, whether in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, in, to, or out of any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which, by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, shall be purchased by and conveyed, or mentioned or intended so to be conveyed, to the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, or their Successors, or any Person or Persons in Tiuft for them, by any such Bargain and Sale as aforesaid, shall, within the Space of five Years, to be computed from the Date of the Enrolment of such Bargain and Sale, enter a Memorial of such their Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand, in a Book to be for that Purpose prepared and kept by the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being, of the County, Division, District, or Liberty, wherein the Premises shall respectively lie or be; which Book such Clerks of the Peace respectively are hereby required to prepare and keep accordingly, and for which Entry they shall be entitled to such Fee, and no other, as the Register of the County of Middlesex is by Law entitled to, for the Registry of a Memorial containing the fafne Number of Words; and all and every Persons and Person whosoever not entering such Right, Claim, and Demand, within such Time and in such Manner as aforesaid, or having so entered the same, and not prosecuting such their Right, Claim, or Demand, with Effect, within the Space of five Years, to be computed from the Time of such' Entry, shall be for ever barred of all Right, Title, Uie, Equity, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, whether in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, in, to^ upon, or out of the said Premises, and every Part thereof, and the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, and their Successors, and those claiming by, from, or under, or in Trust for them, shall be quieted in the Possession of all such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments. and Premises; any Law, Statute, Usage, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons barred of any Right, Title, Estate, Interest, Claim, or Demand whatsoever, in, to, or out of the said Houses, Building?, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by virtue of this Act, shall be at Liberty to bring any Action or Actions of Debt, or for Money had and received to his, her, or their Use, against any Person or Persons, or the legal Representatives of any Person or Persons who shall have received all or any Part of the Purchase Money arising from such Sale of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises aforesaid; and that in every such Case the respective Plaintiffs, on Proof of such Title as would have enabled them to recover such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, or any Estate or Interest in the same, shall recover the said Purchase Money, or so much thereof as shall be equivalent to their Interest in the said Premises, together with such Interest as shall be equivalent to the Mesne Profits of the Premises, which they would have been entitled to recover in case this Act had not been made.

Tenants at Will, Lessees for a Year, &c. to deliver Possession on six Months Notice: And in case of their Refusal, the Court of Mayor and Aldermen may issue their Precept to the Sheriff, &V. to deliver Possession to any Person named by them, §28. Purchase or Mortgage Monies to be paid, or tendered, 44 to the Parties, or paid into the Bank, before any Use made of the Premises. §29."

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, and all Matters and Things thereon and thereunto belonging; and also the Canal, and all Cuts, Dwelling Houses, Buildings, and requisite Roads, Ways, Sluices, Drains, Works, Matters, and Things, which the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall make, build, provide, or establish by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, and their Successors; and they and their Successors are hereby authorised and empowered to bring any Action or Actions, and to prefer Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall cut, damage, or injure, or cause to be cut, damaged, or injured, any of the Works to be by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, made, erected, established, amended, or repaired by virtue of this Act, or who shall injure or destroy the same whilst doing, or impede the doing thereof, or shall steal, purloin, or wrongfully takeaway any Stones, Lead, Iron, Wood, Bricks, or other Materials, or any of the Machines, Engines, or Utensils, provided or to be provided from Time to Time, or used or intended to be used therein, or who shall wilfully do or suffer, or consent to any Thing whereby Damage may accrue to the Houses, Erections, and Buildings to be purchased, or to be made or erected by virtue of this Act; and all the Damages which shall be so recovered by the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, or their Successors, by any Suit, Process, or Action, after deducting the Costs of Suit, shall be applied as herein after directed.

"Power to the Common Council to let, sell, &c. any Buildings, Lands, &c. not necessary for the Purposes of this Act; §31. and to use or sell old Materials. §32."

XXXIII. And whereas it may be proper to build Houses, or Parts of Houses, on some Parts of the present Streets, Ways, or Passages, intended to be altered or stopped up by virtue of this Act Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, for and in Confederation of such Sum or bums of Money, or Yearly Rent or Rents, as they shall think reasonable, to grant unto the Owner or Owners of the Freehold and Inheritance of the House or Houses, Buildings, Lapds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, next adjoining in Front to the said Ground to be purchased, Licence or Licences, under the Common Seal of the Mayor and Commonalty, and

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. - C. lxix. 233

Citizens, of the said City of London, to build upon andenclofefo much of the Ground, and Soil in the Front of the said respective House or Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as they the said Mayor,

Aldermen, and Commons, shall judge fit and proper to be built upon; and the Ground and Soil so built upon in pursuance of such Licence or Licences, shall for ever, or for or during the Time or Term to be expressed in such Licence or Licences, and subject to the Conditions therein to be contained, be annexed to the adjoining Freehold; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding»

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Rents, and other Sum and Sums of Monies arifmj Money to arise by the Sale or letting of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so i^cence^to* to be let or sold as aforesaid, or by Sale of the Materials of Houses and Buildings to be purchased and taken appropriated down, and all Monies to arise from such Licences as aforesaid, shall be applied, and the same are hereby tofudn urposes appropriated, to such of the Purposes of this Act as are to be carried into Effect by the said Mayor, oithisActa* Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose are to be effected

whatsoever. Councd°mniC>n

XXXV. And whereas the Right Honourable Peter Lord Gwydir, by virtue of and under certain Letters Patent, granted to him by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, is entitled to the several Mooring Chains Lcai'e irTthe

in the River Thames, between London Bridge and Bugby’s Hole, therein described or mentioned, for the Mooring Chain* 4 Term of Years, and subject to the Yearly Rent, therein expressed: And whereas it is expedient for the to be aligned

Purposes of this Act, that all the Estates, Terms, and Interests, of the said Peter Lord Gwydir, and his and surrendered Assigns, in the said Mooring Chains, should be assigned or surrendered to his Majesty Be it therefore to further enacted, That the said Peter Lord Gwydir and his Assigns shall, and they are hereby required, within six Months next after the passing of this Act, and upon receiving such Compensation or Satisfaction as is § i*f» herein after directed to be made to him and them, legally and effectually to assign and surrender to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, all such Mooring Chains, and Rights and Interests relating to or concerning Mooring Chains, as are comprised in and expressed or intended to be granted and demised by the said Letters Patent, and all the Fees, Dues, Profits, and Advantages thereof, and all the Estates, Terms, and Interests, of the said Peter Lord Gwydir, and his Assigns, of and in the same respectively, to the Intent that such Estates, Terms, and Interests, may be thereby merged and extinguished; and in Consideration thereof there shall be paid to the said Peter Lord Gwydir, and hrs Assigns, from and out of the Fund called The Consolidated Fund, such Compensation or Satisfaction in respect of the same Mooring Chains and Premises as is herein after mentioned in that Behalf.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after such Assignment and Surrender of the said After the Stir Mooring Chains shall be made as aforesaid, all Rents, Dues, and other Payments to his Majesty, or to any render of the other Person or Persons in respect thereof, or for the Use of the same, shall cease and be no longer paid or ctSinT^atl payable; and all the Mooring Chains, and Rights and Interests relating to or concerning Mooring Chains Rents^nd Due* in the said River Thames, between London Bridge and Bugby's Hole, shall, at all Times thereafter for ever, be in respect

and remain for the Use, Benefit, and Convenience of the Publick, in navigating, mooring, and removing thereof totxafe. Ships and other Vessels upon the said River, free from all Rents, Dues, and other Payments for the Ule thereof, or on any other Account, but subject nevertheless, to the Rules, Orders, and Regulation?, hereby made and hereafter to be'made concerning such Mooring Chains, pursuant to this Act; and in Consideration of the Rents, Dues, and Profits of the said Mooring Chains being so as aforesaid relinquished by his Majesty for the Benefit of the Publick, there shall be thereupon made, from and out of the said Consolidated Fund, such Compensation or Sati$fa6lion, for or in respect of the Loss which his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, S 120 will sustain by such Relinquishment, as is herein after mentioned.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and at any Time or Times after such Assignment and CommonC<nm-Surrender of the said Mooring Chains shall be made as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Alder- cil empowered men, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or any other Person or Persons to be by them ap- *0 remove and pointed for that Purpose, under the Inspection and Approbation of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the Trinity House or Deptford Stroud, and they are hereby required to maintain and repair, and to take up chains, and and remove, or cause or procure to be taken up and removed, all or any of the Mooring Chains now lying place other*, and being in the River Thames, between London Bridge and Bugby’s Hole aforesaid, and to cause such others under the into be placed in their Stead, either in the same, or in such other Situation or Situations within the Limits and

last mentioned, as to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or the JheTnnity^ Person or Persons to be by them employed in that Behalf, under such inspe&ion and Approbation as afore Lid, shall appear robe advantageous for the Trade and Navigation of the said River; and also, under the like [nfpedrion and Approbation, to place and fix, and at any Time or Times afterwards to alter, change, or take away, so many and such additional or other Mooring Chains^ and in such Places within the said Limits as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall judge to be convenient, and think proper; such Compensation or satisfaction being first made to the Owners and Lessees of, and other Perl*mis interested in, the said Mooring Chains, or any of them, for any Loss or Damages which they respectively may suffer thereby, as is in and by this Act directed and required.

XXXVIII. And whereas the Ships in the West India Trade frequently arrive at the Port of London in 1 large Fleets, and occasion great Crowding, Confusion, and Damage therein; and their Cargoes being carried in Lighters to the legal Quays, cause upon the said Quays, and in the Passage thither, great Obstructions. Inconvenience, and Delay, and are exposed to Pilfering and Fraud, whereby the Owners sustain great Loss, and the Publick Revenue is much injured: And whereas if good and sufficient Wet Docks were made in the said Isle of Dogs, with Legal Quays and Whatfs, and also Warehouses attached thereto, for the Reception and Discharge of Ships and other Vessels in the West India Trade, great additional Room, and much Accommodation would be thereby given to the Reit of the Shipping using the

House.

RfdtaU, /hewing the Xect lfuy ol making Wet Docks, See, in the Jflcol Dogs, for the W eft lodii

Names of Subscribers to the - Capital of 50o,cooL

234 P. lxix. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1790.

+said Port, and the West India Produce might be effectually secured from Loss by Theft, or other causes, and the Publick Revenue greatly benefited; and it is therefore expedient that such Docks, with Legal Quays and Wharfs, and Warehouses attached thereto, and other Works and Conveniencies for the Use of Ships and Vessels employed in the West India Trade, should be forthwith made and established: And whereas the several Persons next herein after named have agreed to be original Members of and to form a Company for that Purpose, jointly with such other Persons as shall hereafter become original Members

thereof, and have entered into a Subscription towards railing the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, as a Capital, or Joint Stock or Fund, for carrying into Execution and completing the same Works and Improvements herein after more particularly mentioned:’ Be it therefore further enabled. That, from and after the passing of this Act, William Chi fool me, Neill Malcolm, John DeJJell, George Hibbert, John Wedderburn, William Lushington, Robert Milligan, Henry Davidson, Joseph Timperon, James Johnjhnr Thomas Plummer, David Lyon, George Hanbury Mitchell, William Knox, Jane Wilfm, John Blakesey, Charles Bartrum, Thomas Gowland, Philip Deh any, George Turner, Phi/p Wyatt Crowther, Timothy Tyrrell, Joseph Bushnan, Peter Dollond, John boilond, David Mitchell, Samuel Smith, Charles Graham, William Anderson, Richard Lee, Fitzherbert Richards, James Foot, Philip Grubb, Thomas Baker, John Strother Ancrum, James Thomas, Charles Werg Clark, Josiah Hind ham, William Clu low, Henry Sutton, John Willis, Henry I Viliman, Thomas Poynder, Robert Taylor, James Cooper, Grant Allan, Henry Arther-ton, Thomas Jamcjor, John Hartfhorne, Chalie, William Murray, Thomas Laughton, John For dree, Thomas Burne, William UJher, Thomas Goodall, Henry Maynard, Jonah Smith Wells, William Child, David Gordon, John Latham, William Ho Jon, John Peat, John Gray Gerard, William Dodds, Henderfin, Thomas Gordon, Edward Taylor, Thomas Hu Joan, Henry Whits, William Graham, Thomas Mills, Jarvis Chambers, William Langston, Benjamin Fuller, Samuel Potter, Henry Thomson, Joseph Earle, Samuel Kent, John Mount, James Inglish Keighley, John Currie, Francis Thwaits, Ralph Walker, Robert Maitland, Sir Francis Ford Baronet, Sollery, John Hardy, William ChrijFie, William Liddell, Daniel Mildred, Isaac Blight, William Agnew, Norri/on Cover dale, Benjamin Granger, Robert Wtgram, Gabriel Gillett, Thomas Rower oft, John Lloyd, Stephen Smith Ward, Thomas Mofcs, Samuel Young, Hugh Mair, John Richard Ripley, Edward Hyde East, James Thotnfon, George Smith, John Smith, Joseph Stonard, Richard Ryland, William Breeze, Claude Scott, Samuel Scott, Andrew Johnson, Thomas Hall, Barnabas Campbell, Robert Lowrey, Clarke Hitchcock, Joseph Hankey, Thomas Bing ley, Luke Hall, Nathaniel Wright, and all such other Persons as shall after the passing of this Act agree and be permitted by the present Subscribers, or the major Part of them, to become and be original Members of the said Company, and to fuberibe toward* raising the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, and their several Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and all and every other Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politick and Corporate, who shall, according to the Conditions and Restrictions herein after set forth, be possessed of any Part or Share of the Joint Stock of the said Company, their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall (so long as they shall hold the same, and no longer) be, and they and their Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, (holding for the Time being Shares in the said Stock as aforesaid,) are hereby declared to be united into a Company or Association of Proprietors of the Docks hereby authorised and directed to be made, and of the Basons, Cuts, Quays, Wharfs, Warehouses, and other Works and Premises which shall belong thereto, or be held therewith; which Company shall be known by, and shall use the Style or Firm of, The West India Dock Company, and shall have such Powers and Authorities as are herein after given to them.

Sum so subscribed to be considered as a Capital or Joint Stock. Stock to be deemed Personal Estate, and transmissible as such, and pass by Transfer in the Company’s Books. §39. The Proprietors empowered to sell and transfer their Stock. §40. No Persons answerable for Demands on the Company beyond th§ 44 Amount of their respective Stock. §41. Company to pay five per Cent. as Interest or Dividends on ths Monies subscribed, until the Docks and the Works which belong thereto, shall be completed, and after- wards Interest or Dividends not exceeding ten Pounds per Centum, as may be determined on at General Meetings. §42. The Company may increase their Stock to 600,0001- by Consent of the Majority of Proprietors at a General Meeting. §43.

[See $ 148.] The Company’s Directors empowered to audit

Accounts of Receivers; and to make Calls on the Proprietors, not exceeding ten per Cent. each Call to be at the Distance of two Months from the preceding. Persons neglecting to comply with such Calls, to forfeit five per Cent. and may be sued by the Company for their respective Shares; and if so neglecting for three Calendar Months, may either be so sued, or, at the Option of five directors, shall forfeit all their Share and Interest in the said Undertaking, in favour of Rest of the Proprietors. §43. No Advantage of any Forfeiture to be taken until Notice, nor unless the same be declared forfeited at a General Meeting. 44 Persons so forfeiting indemnified against Actions subsequent thereto. §43. Representatives of Proprietors dying before Call (no Provision being made by the deceased for the same) charged therewith as Debts; but on Refusal or Neglect to answer such Call, Company empowered to admit other Persons as Proprietors in their Stead, on Repayment of all Monies advanced by such Deceased Proprietor. §46. First Meeting of the Company to be within thirty Days after passing the Act, on publick Notice thereof in the Gazette and other Newspapers. General Meetings to conlift of twenty Proprietors at least, and to be within the City of London. No Meeting to be held at less than ten Days from the Appointment thereof, and on seven Days Notice, both Days inclusive. §47."

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That within one Calendar Month next after the passing of this Act the said Company shall, at their first or some subsequent Meeting, choose and appoint, by Ballot, thirteen Persons of the Members of the said Company, who shall be respectively poillfted of at least two thousand

who, With tho Person* hereafter to become Cubscriben, are lo be united into a Company of proprietors of the intended Docks and their Appurtenances, *obt flvied, The West India Dock Company.

Appointment of

a 1 Directors of the said Company, and otthe

c.

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. G. lxii.

Pounds of the said Capital Stock* and also eight other Persons, four of whom shall be Aldermen of the City of London, and the remaining four Common Councilmen of the said City; and that such twenty-one Persons so, to be nominated and appointed shall be, and be called the Directors for conducting and managing the A Hairs and Business of the said Company; and they the said Directors shall choose and elect from among themselves two Perkins to be the Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the Meetings of the said Directors* and of the General Meetings of the said Company, and shall and may meet at such Places within the City of London, and at such Time or Times as the major Part of such Directors so aflemoled, the Directors present not being less than five, shall deem convenient, for executing the Powers given them by this Act: And if it shall so happen that at any Meeting of the said Directors or at any General Meeting of the said Company, neither the Chairman nor Deputy Chairman so to be chosen as aforesaid shall attend, it shall be lawful for the major. Part of the Directors then present to appoint a Chairman for that Occasion; and such Directors so to be appointed as aforesaid shall continue in Office until others shall he chosen in their Steads, as herein-after is mentioned, unless any such Director or Directors respectively shall die, or be removed, or any of the Persons who shall have been so chosen Directors from amongst the Members of the said Company, (trail dispose of his or their respective Share or Shares or interest in the said Stock, so as to reduce the same to less than the said Sum of two thousand Pounds, or any of the Aldermen or Common Councilmen, who shall have been appointed as aforesaid, shall cease to be an Alderman or Common Councilman; in any of which Cases a new or other Director in the Room of every such Director so dying, being so removed, or having disposed of his or their said Stcck, or ceafirg to be an Alderman or Common Councilman, shall be appointed by the said Company, from Time to Time, as Occasion may require, in such and the same Manner, and according to or under such Conditions and Restrictions, as the Director or Directors so dead, removed, or disqualified, shall have been, or ought to have been, appointed; and such new Director or Directors so to be appointed as last mentioned, shall continue in Office for such Time or respective Times, and no longer, as the Director or Directors in whose Stead he or they shall be so respectively appointed ought to have continued in Office, if such Death or Deaths, Removal, or Disqualification had not happened.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That five at lead of the said twenty-one Directors shall go out of Office in Rotation every Year and five others shall be appointed to succeed them in Manner following; (that is to say,) three of those who shall have been appointed of and out of the Members of the said Company, shall go out of Office every Year and the said Company (half appoint by Ballot to succeed them, three other Persons of the Members of the said Company, who shall be respectively possessed of at lead two thousand Pounds of the said Capital Stock; and one Alderman and one Common Councilman, being two others of the said Directors who shall have been so appointed as aforesaid, shall also go out of Office every Year and the said Company shall appoint by Ballot another Alderman and another Common Councilman to succeed them: Provided also, That none of the said Directors to be appointed under this Act shall continue longer in the said Office of Director than four succeeding Years, and therefore, and in erder that the longer Continuance of any of them in Office may be prevented, four at lead of those Directors who shall have been appointed of and out of the Members of the said Company, shall go out of Office in Rotation every fourth Year and the said Company shall appoint by Ballot to succeed them four other Persons, of the Members of the said Company, who shall be respectively possessed of at lead two thousand Pounds of the said Capital Stock; and in regard that the said Rotations cannot take place during the fird three Years after the passing of this Act, the Directors, who are to go out of Office as aforesaid, at the End of each of the same three Years, shall be ascertained and known by drawing Lots for that Purpose, at any of the Meetings of the said Directors, in such fair and proper Manner as the said Directors shall, in their Discretion, agree to and approve of: Provided also, That the Persons who shall have served the said Office of Director mall, if otherwise properly qualified, be eligible to be re-chosen, after having been out of the (kid Office for one Year.

*c Two General Meetings to be held yearly, in the fird Week in January and July* §59.

Any nine Proprietors, (having 500l. Stock) may requed an Extraordinary General Meeting to be €< called, by Notice to the Clerk or Treasurer, specifying the Bufmefc to be proceeded upon. §51. Qualification of Voters at the General Meetings.—Having from 500l. and under 2000 / Stock, one Vote— ( 44 2000l. and under 5000l., two Votes—5000l. and under 10,000l., three Votes—10,000l. and upwards,' Mt four Votes and no more. Votes may be given by Power of Attorney, but no Person to hold more than one such Power. Proprietors of less than coo A Stock to have no Vote.—All Questions to be decided by Vote, when the Chairman shall have an additional Casting Vote* or by Ballot, TTrequired by five Voters, 41 and Chairman to have an additional Cading Vote. §52." s

LIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case the Mayor, and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or their Successors, shall, by becoming Subscribers towards ratfing the (Said Capital Stock, or otherwise, be and continue Proprietors of one thousand Pounds or more of the said Stock, then and Co often, and during such Time or Times as they shall be and continue such Proprietors, it shall be lawful for the Court of Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the said City, in Common Council assembled, to elestand appoint one Person, being a Member of that Court, for each and every Sum of one thousand Pounds of ttoe said Stock, which the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or their Successors, shall be Proprietors of, for the Time being as aforesaid, to be a Representative of them, the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors, for the Purpose of attending and voting for them at the General Meetings of the said Company, according to the Directions of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or for Want of such Directions, then according to the respective judgment and Discretion of such Representative $ and that every such Representative shall, as such, have

*35

Chairman and Deputy Chairman,

who shall appoint Places and Times for their Meetings,

and shall continue tiH others lx chosen in their Steads, unless they shall die, be removed, or difquak- * sted*

Five of the Dire&ors (and every fourth Year fix) of whom one to ho an Alderman and one a Common Councilman, to go out of Office yearly, and others to be appointed by the Company to succeed thetas

If the Corporation of London shall be Proprietors of Part of the said Stock, the Common Council ft appoint one Person for every thousand Pounds of such Stock to be a Representative for the Purpose of voting for the Corporation at the General Meetings j

236 C.lxix. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

and each such Representative to have cue Vpte only j and on the > Dcatn, Removal, &c. of any such Representatives, the Common Council to appoint other* instead j

and if the Corporation dispose of Part of the Stock, the Num‘ er of such Representatives is to be lessened

one Vote only upon every Motion or Question to be decided or put at any such General Meeting, and shall continue toad as such Representative, until he shall die or be removed or disqualified as herein after is mentioned; and that from Time to Time, as and when any of the Representatives so to be appointed as last mentioned shall die, or be removed from such Office of Representative, or shall cease to be a Member, of the last mentioned Court, they the said Court of Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall rrppoint another Person, being a Member of that Court, to be a new or other Representa-tive, for the Purpose last aforesaid, in the Room of every such Representative so dying, being removed, or c-afing to be a Member of the said Court, as Occasion shall require; and every such new or other Representative shall or may attend and vote at the said General Meetings, in the same Manner as if he or they had been originally appointed for that Purpose; and in case the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or their Successors, shall sell or dispose of any of the said Stock, then, and so often as the Cale shall happen and require, the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall, within the Space of twenty-one Days thereafter, revoke the Appointment of, and remove such a Number of the said Representatives for the Time being, as shall be duly proportioned to the Stock fofold or disposed of, and so as that there, may not remain more than one of such Representatives for every thousand Pounds of the remaining Stock then belonging to the said Mayor and Comnlonalty and Citizens, or their Successors.

in due Proportion.

Qualification to vote.by twelve Months Possession of Stock, after twelve Months from the passing of this Act, of which Oath to be made at the Ballot. §54. Five of the Directors to be a Quorum at their Meetings. Questions to be decided by a Majority; Chairman to have the Calling Vote. §55,"

Directors empowered to make Wet Docks, &c. on the isle of Dogs.

[*‘ §74-]

A Wall.and Ditch to be built and made round the Dock, for unloading Ships, and so as also to inclose the Quays and Warehouses.

No House to be built within loo Yards of the said WaJ, on Penalty of icol. and 50l. per Mouth.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors and their Successors, so from Time to Time to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, shall be, and they are hereby authorised and empowered by themselves, their Agents, Workmen, and Servants, within the Space of five Years from and after the passing of this Act, to design, lay out, make, and complete, according to such Plan or Plans; and in such Manner and Form as they shall approve of* one or more navigable Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, and Cut or Cuts, with Quays or Wharfs, and Warehouses adjoining, or attached to the same, or to any Part or Parts thereof, to be situated in such Part of the said Tract of Land called The Isle of Dogs, as shall be to the Northward of the said intended Canal *, and on Part of the Ground herein-before authorised and^ directed to be purchased for, and conveyed to, or vested in the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and their Successors, and to communicate with the River Thames at or near Limehouse Hole aforesaid, and also at or near Blackwall aforesaid.

Directors also empowered to build Quays and Warehouses adjoining the Docks and Basons* $ 57,"

LVIII. And be it also enacted, That such of the said Docks as shall be used for the unloading^of Ships, together with the Quays, Warehouses, and other Buildings to be made and built upon or near the Banks thereof, shall be surrounded and inclosed by. a strong and durable Brick or Stone Wall, not less than thirty. Feet high on all Sides, leaving only proper Spaces in such Wall for the Cuts and other necessary Entrances' into such Dock, and for the proper and necessary Gateways through the said Wall; and immediately without the said Wall, and on every Part of the Outside thereof, except where it shall adjoin any Dock or Bason which may be made without the same, there shall be a Ditch of twelve Feet at lead, which shall be always kept filled with Water to the Depth of not less than six Feet; and which said Wall and Ditch the said Directors are hereby authorised and required to build and make accordingly; and no House or other Building shall on any Account or Pretence whatsoever. be hereafter erected on the Outside of the said Wall, and within the Space of one hundred Yards therefrom; and if any Person or Persons shall hereafter cred: any House or other Building whatsoever, on the Outside of the said Wall, and within the last mentioned Distance therefrom, he, she, or they so offending, (h,ill, for such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and also the further Sum of fifty Pounds for every Month during which such Offender or Offenders shall permit such House, or other Building, or any of the Materials thereof, to (land or remain within thar Distance from the said Wall.

Drains to be ina.lt, to carry oft Water from private Property, and to be kept in Repair by tive Company.

Directors empowered to build Piers at Blackwall and Limehouse Hole, to facilitate the Entrances into the Docks, &c. but not to injure the Navigation. §59. Power to make and repair Cuts, Sluices, Bridges, + Roads, &c. §60."

LXI. And, to the End that the said intended Docks, Basons, and Cuts, last hereby authorised to be be made, may be carried on and maintained with as little Damage to private Property as possible/ be it further enacted, That the said Directors shall, and they are hereby authorised and required,-from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, with Monies to arise to and be received by the said Company by virtue of this Act, to make, or cause to be made, such Arches, Tunnels, Culverts, Drains, and other Passages, over, under, adjoining, or by the Side of or into the said Docks, Basons, and Cuts, and the Trenches, Streams, and Watercourses communicating therewith reflectively, and of such Depth, Breadth, and Dimensions as shall be sufficient at all Times to convey the Water clear from the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments adjoining or lying near to the said Works, or any of them, without obstrucSting or impounding the same, provided that the same be done to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Sewers, and of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or so as that they shall have no reasonable Cause to disapprove thereof; and likewise to make, or cause to be made, any such Back Drain or Back Drains as may be necessary, and shall be sufficient to carry oft any Water which may ooze or pass through any of the Banks of the said Docks, Ba(ons, Cuts, and other Works, to the Prejudice of any of the

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. lxix, 237

Lands, Grounds, Houses, and Tenements, adjoining or contiguous thereto, making Satisfaction for the Land taken and used for making such Back Drain or Back Drains, and for the Damages borne and suffered, until the same be completed; and also to make proper Watering Places for Castle, where any ancient Watering Places for Castle shall be destroyed or rendered inaccessible, and also, in like Manner, to supply the same at all Times with Water for the Use of the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands and Hereditaments adjoining the said Works; and that all such Arches, Bridges, Tunnels, Culverts, Drains, and other Passages, shall from Time to Time, be supported, maintained, scoured, and kept in good and sufficient Repair by the said Directors; and if at any Time or Times, after one Calendar Month’s Notice in Writing shall have been given to or left for the Clerk, or feme known Agent of the said Works, by or on Behalf of any of the said Owners or Occupiers of Lands or Premises adjoining or near the said Works; or any of them, that the Arches, Tunnels, Culverts, Drains, Back Drains, or other Passages, or any of them, are not or is not made, cleansed, and repaired, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and the same shall not be forthwith made, cleansed, and deepened accordingly, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to appeal to, apply for, and obtain an Order, in Writing, from any two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, (who are hereby authorised to give such Order, from Time to Time, as often as there shall be Occasion,) enabling such Person or Persons to make, cleanse, and repair such Arches*

Tunnels, Culverts, Drains, Back Drains, or other Passages accordingly; and the reasonable Expences thereof shall be borne and defrayed by the said Company, with Money to anse by virtue of this Act; and in case of Refusal or Neglect to satisfy and defray such Expence, for the Space of thirty Days after Demand thereof made upon the said Company, or on their Clerk or some known Agent, in Writing, such Expences shall and may be settled and ascertained by two or more of the said Justices, on Adjudication, under their Hands; or the same shall or may be recovered and levied in such Maimer as any other Money is by this Act to be from the said Company.

The Directors empowered to stop up, alter, and build Sewers, under Direction of the Justices and Commissioners of Sewers for the Tower Hamlets. Such new Sewers, not being within the Dock Walls, to be vested in and under the Direction of the Commissioners. §62. Power to the Directors to make and if maintain Draw and Swivel Bridges.—The Company to be indictable for not keeping the same in Repair, (see §7.) §63. Power to the Directors to alter and divert Highways. §64^ Power to get Materials, and remove Obstructions in adjoining Lands; and to lay Materials on the adjoining Premises, satisfying the Owners. §65. Power to make Bricks, and to take Sand from the River. §6$. Persons not to take Sand from the Bed of the River for such Purposes without written Authority from the Common Council. §67* Power to supply the Docks, with Water from the Thames, &c. and to make Feeders, &Tr. (or that Purpose. §6&. power to repair Works damaged by Floods. §69* Power to scour the Docks, £sV. and to remove Wrecks, &c. at the Charge of the Owners. §70. Power to cleanse*

H adjoining Watercourses, at the Land Owner’s Expence. §71

LXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Slip or Slips, Dry Dock, Graving-Dock, Way, NoSlfps, &c. or other Place, for the building, heaving down, or repairing or Ships, or other Vessels, shall at any Time for building or hereafter be made or built, or permitted or suffered to be made or built, in or adjoining any of the said Docks repairing Ship*,

hereby authorised to be made, or of the Basons and Cuts which shall belong thereto; nor shall the said Weft Vhe°r

India Dock Company, at any Time or Times, carry on, or be in any wise concerned in, the Trade or Do^kT; 5nor are Business of building or repairing Ships or other Vessels for Hire or Profit. the Company to

be concerned in building or repairing Ship*.

LXXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That the making, performing, repair-improving, or using of all or any of the said Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, Matters, and Things, herein before authorised to be rrnde and done by the said Directors, shall in no wise prejudice, damage, obstruct, or interrupt the laying out, conflpjcting^ forming, maintaining, or upholding, or the free Use or Enjoyment of the said Canal, or any of the Cuts and other Works herein-before authorised and dirtied to be made or done by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or any other Works, Matters, or Things necessary or convenient for the same.

LXXIV. And, for more effectually enabling the said Directors to lay out, make, and complete, and use and enjoy the said Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works last hereby authorised to be made, and for 4* previously vesting the Land or Ground whereon the same are or shall be intended to be situated, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, in Trustees, for the Benefit of the said Company,’ be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently may be after the Lands or Grounds whereon the same last mentioned Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, are or shall be intended to be situateJ, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof shall be vested in the' Mayor end Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and their Successors, it shall be lawful to them, the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors, and they are hereby authorised and required, at the Costs and Charges of the said Company, and by such good and sufficient Deeds, Conveyances, and Assurances in the Law, as the said Directors, or any five or more of them, or their Counsel in the Law, shall advise and require, to grant, convey, and allure unto six Persons to be chosen and appointed by the said Directors, or any five or more of them, and approved of by the said Company at a General Meeting, and to the Heirs and Assigns of such six Persons, so many, or all such Parcel or Parcels, of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments* which shall lie or be to the Northward of the said intended Canal, and beyond the Distance of one hundred Feet therefrom, and which shall be part of the Ground so as aforesaid authorised to be purchased in the said Isle of Dogs, as shall, in the Judgment of the said Directors for the time being, be proper, necessary, and

sufficient-

The making and uting of Docks, &c. not to prejudice or obstruct the Ca-naL

For better erv* abling the Directors to makd the Docks, &c. the Corp -ration of London is to convey the Ground, where the same are to be situatod, to fix Trufkes in Fee, in Trail’ for the Company.

56. j'

c.

*38

And In Consideraton tM rcof the Compary to r;imhbife what the Corporation Anil have paid lor *hc lame.

The Lord Mayor empowered to Appoint Har-scour Matters t

Their Power*.

Penalty on Matters, dee.

of Vetich re-fufing to obey their Orders or causing Obstructiom, from jol. to 5l.

Harbour Master* to be approved of by the Corporation of the Trinity House, who may procure them to be removed on sufficient Cause.

C.lxix. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

sufficient for making the same Docks, T?arons, Cuts, and ether Works; and all the Rights, Members, and

Appurtenances belonging, or which shall then belong, to the same Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments lb to be conveyed; to hold the same unto and to the Use of the said six Persons, their Heirs and Affi&ns for ever, or for all inch E Hates, Terms, and Interests, as the said Mayor and Common- aky, and Citizens, or their Successors, shall have or be entitled to therein respectively; which said six Persons, their Heirs and Assigns, shall thenceforth (land and be felled of and interested in the same, in Trull for, and for the proper Use and Benefit of the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, holding for the Time being Shares in the said Stock; and for and in Confederation of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, so to be conveyed and allured as last mentioned, the said Company of Proprietors fhr.ll, at or before the executing of such Conveyance, well and truly reimburse and pay to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or their Successors, all such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall have paid and disbursed, as and for the Purchase Money, and the other Cull* and Charges attending the Purchase of the same.

Whensoever, by Means of Death or otherwise, the Number of the lad mentioned Trustees shall become less than four, the Directors to elect so many others as may make up six, to be approved of at a General

Meeting, and then the Dock Premises are to be vested in the continuing and new Trustees jointly. §75: tfc If the Common Council shall for six Months after passing this Aclrtfufe or neglect to purchase the Premises which ought to be purchased and conveyed to Trustees for the Company as aforesaid, the Directors u are empowered, for five Years, to purchase the same unload of the Common Council; under the same

Regulations of Sale, &c. as are directed with respect to Purchases by tire City, [fee §13 to 29.); and the

Premises so to be purchased are to be conveyed to, and veiled in, the Company’s Trustees. §76. In case any of the Premises purchased shall become vested in the Corporation of London, who shall neglect to u convey the same to the Company’s Trustees, within two Months thereafter, on Tender of what the u Corporation shall have paid for the same, then the Premises shall vest in the said Trustees, in Trust for the c< Company, as if legally conveyed. §77."

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Mayor of the City of London for the Time being, as Conservator of the River Thames, and he is hereby required, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall be, to nominate and appoint under the Limitations and Restrictions herein after mentioned, a proper Person or proper Persons to be Harbour Master or Harbour Masters, of, in, and for the said Port of London, and the said Canal, and other Works which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, (except the said Docks and their Appurtenances, and except such Parts of the River Thames at Limehouse Hole and Blackwall aforesaid, as shall be within the Distance of two hundred Yards from any Entrance out of the said River there into the Works of the said Company,) and to remove, suspend, or, upon sufficient Cause, dismiss the same; which Harbour Matter or Harbour Matters shall have full Power and Authority (but subject to the Regulations and Restrictions herein after expressed) to direct the entering, mooring, unmooring, moving and removing of all Ships and other Vessels, Lighters, and Craft, except those of the said Corporation of the Trinity House, coming into, lying, or being in the said Port, Canal, and Cuts, or any of them, except the said Docks and their Appurtenances, and such Parts of the said River as are last herein-before excepted, as to the Time or Times and Manner of their Entrance into, lying in, or going out of the same, and their respective Births, Stations, Positions, loading and discharging the rein, and the Lime or Times of opening or shutting the several Gates of the said Canal; and in case the Owner, Matter, Pilot, Servant, or other Person having the Charge or Command, of any Ship or other Vessel, except as last aforesaid, shall refjfeorne-gle& to moor, unmoor, move, or remove the same, according to such Direction, within twelve Hours after Notice to him or them given in Writing, or left with fomc Person or Persons on board the said Ship or Vessel for that Purpose, that then it shall be lawful for the said Harbour Matter or Harbour Mailers, and his or their Assistants, and such proper Persons as he or they may direct, and he and they is and are hereby required to moor, unmoor, move, or remove such Ship or Vessel; and the Charges and Expences thereof respectively shall be repaid, together with a Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than five Pounds, for each Offence, by the Master or Owner or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, and may be recovered by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or their Successors, of the Owner of such Ship or Vessel, in case of Non-payment thereof, on Demand, by such Ways and Means as Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act to be recovered; which said Penalty, when recovered, shall be paid over to the Uses herein after mentioned; and in case any Master, Commander, Mate, Pilot, or other Person or Persons taking the Command of any Ship or other Vessel, or any other Person or Persons whosoever, shall obstruct or hinder the mooring, unmooring, moving, or removing of any Ship or other Vessel in the said Port, (except also as last aforesaid,) or in the said Canal, or any of the said Cuts, and other Works, tfce said Docks and their Appurtenances excepted, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than five Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

LXXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That no Person or Persons shall be appointed by the Lord Mayor of the City of London for the Time being to execute the Office of Harbour Master, under and by virtue of this Act, unless such Person or Persons shall, after being duly examined before the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, legally assembled, produce a Certificate or Certificates from them the said Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, of the proper Qualification of such Person or Persons to execute the said Office; and that if at any Time hereafter it shall De certified by three or more i>f the Elder Brethren of the Trinity Hrnfc to the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. lxix.

being, that any Person or Persons so appointed, hath or have neglected his or their Duty, or not properly conducted hirtiself or themselves in the Execution thereof, such Person or Persons shall from thenceforth be discharged from the said Office or Offices, and shall be incapable of being again restored thereto; but the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being shall, within convenient Time, appoint another Person or other Persons, as herein-before is directed, to execute the said Office or Offices, instead of the Person or Persons so to be discharged; and in order to enable the Elder Brethren of the Trinity House to certify any Neglect of Duty, or improper Condu£f in the said Person or Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, they the said Person and Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, and each and every of them, are and is hereby di-reded to attend the said Elder Brethren whenever they, or any of them, shall be required so to do, by Writing under the Hands of any three or morepf the said Elder Brethren.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Directors, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby required, from Time to Time, as there shall be Occasion, to nominate and appoint a proper Person or proper Persons to be Dock Master or Dock Masters, he or they first producing, after being duly examined before the said Matter, Wardens, and Assistants of the Trinity House, legally assembled, a Certificate or Certificates from them the said Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, of the proper Qualifications of such Person or Persons to execute the Office of Dock Master; and the said Directors also shall or may from Time to Time, as they shall see Cause, remove, suspend, or dismiss any such Dock Master or Dock Masters; which Dock Master or Dock Masters, so to be from Time to Time appointed, shall have full Power and Authority (but subject to the Regulations and Restrictions herein after expressed) to direct the mooring, unmooring, moving, or removing of all Ships and other Vessels, Lighters, and Craft, coming into, lying, or being in the said Docks, and the Basons and Curs which shall belong thereto, or any of them, and coming into, lying, or being in such Parts of the River Thames at Limehouse Hole and Blackwall aforesaid, as shall be within the said Distance of two hundred Yards from any Entrance out of the said River there into the Works of the said Company, as to the Time or Times and Manner of their Entrance into, lying in, or going out of or from the same Docks, Basons, and Cuts, and Parts of the said River, and their Position, loading, and discharging therein respectively, and the Time or Times of opening or shutting the several Gates of the said Works; and in case the Owner, Matter. Pilot, Servant, or other Person having the Charge or Command of any Ship or other Vessel, shall refuse or neglect to moor, unmoor, move, or remove the same according to such Direction, immediately after Notice to him or them given in Writing, or left with some Person or Persons on board the said Ship or Vessel for that Purpose, that then it shall be lawful for the said Dock Master or Dock Masters, or his or their Assistants, and he and they is and are hereby required, to moor, unmoor, move, or remove such Ship or Vessel, and the Charges and Expences thereof respectively shall be repaid, together with a sum not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than five rounds for each Offence, by the Master or Owner or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, and maybe recovered by the Treasurer for the Time being of the said Company, from the Owner of such Ship or Vessel, in case of Non-payment thereof on Demand, by such Ways and Means as Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act to be recovered; which said Penalty,! when recovered, shall be paid over to the Uses herein after mentioned; and in case any Master, Commander, Mate, Pilot, or other Person or Persons taking the Command of any Ship or other Vessel, or the Owner, Agent, Consignee, or any other Person or Persons whosoever, shall obstruct or hinder the mooring, unmooring, moving, or removing, of any Ship or other Vessel in the said Docks, or in the Basons and Cuts which shall belong thereto, or in any such Parts of the River Thames, at Limehouse Hole and Blackwall aforesaid, as shall be within the Distance of two hundred Yards from any Entrance out of the said River there into the Works of the said Company, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings,* to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed: Provided always, That such Dock Master or Dock Masters shall not moor, or cause to be moored or ft 1 ioned, any Ship or Vessel in such Place or in such Manner as shall obstruct or render incommodious the Entrances into or out of the Canal hereby authorised to be made.

LXXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Directors, or any five or more of them, to confirm, alter, or annul and make void, as they shall see Cause, all or any Part of any Act or Acts, Orders or Directions, which shall be done, committed, fuflered, or made, by any Person or Persons in respect of the stationing, placing, anchoring, mooring, or removing of any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, under the Authority of this Act, within the said Docks, or any of the Basons, Cuts, or other Works, when shall be thereunto belonging, or within any such Part of the River Thames>at Limehouse Hole os Blackwall aforesaid, as shall be within the said Dittance of two hundred Yards from any Entrance out of the said River mere into the Works of the said Company, and that whether such Act or Acts, Orders or Directions shall have been complained of or not; and to give such further or other Orders or Directions therein as the said Directors shall think proper; which said Orders or Directions, so to be given by the said Directors, or any five or more of them, shall be final and conclusive, and shall be performed and executed by all Parties concerned therein, without any further or other Appeal.

LXXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the several Orders and Directions to be from Time to Time given by the said Directors, or any five or moie of them, or by any Person or Persons duly appointed to execute the Office of Harbour Matter, or Dock Master, to the Matter or other Person having the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel within the said Port, Canal, Docks, Basons, or other Works, or any of them, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to lellen or diminish any Responsibility which the said Matter, or other Person or Persons, shall be subject or liable to in respect of such Ship or Vessel, or the Cargo thereof*

, " The

239

Directors, or any five or more of them, may appoint a Dock Master, to be approved of by the Corporation of the Trinity House*

His Power*.

Penalty of Mafw ters, &c: of Vessels refuting to obey his Orders, I Ol. tO $Ly or causing Obstruction* 5^ twr 40s,

The Director* may annul any Orders or Dock Masters, and give others.

Orders given by tiic Director*, Harbour Maf-t pi, or Dock Masters, shall rot affcG the Rvfpon Ability of the Person having the Charge e! any Sfcio or V:£vh

240

C. lxix. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

The Quays in such of the Docks as shall be walled round, are to be legal Quays.

The West India Ships are to land their Cargoes within the Docks, and the King’s I Hides are to be ascertained of where else.

Cargoes landed elsewhere shall be forfeited, and the Owners, &c. of the Ship shall forfeit tool.

‘But so much of the Cargoes of West India Ships as shall consist of Tobacco is, as soon as may be, after being unshipped in the Docks, to be conveyed to the King’s Tobacco Warehouses, without previ-

41 The Canal to be under the Protection of the Lord Mayor, as Conservator of the River Thames as if 44 a£lu?.ily Part of the River. §83. Canal, New Docks, to be Parts of the Port of London, and Vessels, &c. referting thereto, to be subject to the several present Port Regulations and Duties. 4 84. Goods,

&c. landed or shipped upon or from the intended Quays or Wharfs, in the new Docks, subject to the lame Regulations, as if landed orttiipped upon or from the present legal Quays. §85.°

LXXXVI. And, for the greater Accommodation of the Shipping in the West India Trade, belonging to or using the Port of London, it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the Quays and Wharfs, which shall be built by the said Directors as aforesaid, within or along the Sides or Banks of such of the said Docks as shall be enclosed and defended on all Sides by high Walls, and strong and sufficient Gates, shall at all Times afterwards be deemed and taken, and are hereby declared to be, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, legal Quays and Wharfs for the landing, re-landing, and discharging, lading and shipping, of any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize whatsoever, within the Port of London; any Law or Statute, or any Usage or Custom of the City of London, or elsewhere, to the contrary, thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That for and during the Term of twenty-one Years, commencing from and next ensuing the Time when the said Dock or Docks, Quays or Wharfs, and Ware-houses, to be made and built by the said Directors as aforesaid, shall be so far completed as to be fit and ready for the Reception of Ships and Goods, all the Ships and Vessels which shall arrive or come from any Part of the West Indies into the River Thames, with Cargoes of West India Produce, shall unload and land the Whole of their respective Cargoes within some or one of the said Docks, or on the Quays or Wharfs which shall belong thereto; and the Duties which shall be payable to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in respect of the same, shall thereupon, during the said Term, be afeerrained at such Quays or Wharfs, and not elsewhere; and the Goods, Wares and Merchandize, being West India Produce, in respect whereof such Duties shall be payable, shall or may afterwards be (bored or deposited in the adjoining Warehouses, or any such other Warehouses as the Owners or Consignees thereof respectively shall think proper: And in cate any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, being West India Produce, shall, at any Time or Times during the said Term of twenty-one Years, be landed (rom any Ship or Vellef in the West India Trade, in any other Place or Places in or near the Port of London, than the said Quays or Wharfs within the said Dock or Docks, then, and in every such Case, the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, so so be landed, shall be forfeited to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and shall or may be lawfully seized accordingly, by any of the Officers of his Majesty's Customs or Excise, and disposed of according to law; and the Owner or Owners, or Matter of any such Ship or Vessel, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is mentioned.

LXXXVIII. Provided always nevertheless. That all such Part or Parts of the respective Cargoes of the Ships or other Vessels arriving or coming, during the said Term from the West Indies into the River Thames, as shall consist of Tobacco, shall as soon after being unshipped in some or one of the said Docks as conveniently may be, and without any previous Ascertainment of the Duties thereof, be transmitted or conveyed in Carts or decked Lighters to some or one of the King’s Tobacco Warehouses for the Time being, at the Charges of the said West India Dock Company, who shall be entitled to, and receive from the respective Owners or Consignees thereof, or their respective Factors or Agents, and that before the said Tobacco shall be taken out of the said Dock Premises, such Recompence or Satisfaction for so conveying the same, and after such Rate, as shall not exceed what for the Time being shall be the whole Expence of conveying Tobacco from the Tobacco Ships at their proper Moorings in the said Port, to the King’s Tobacco Wharehouses.

ouily asccetaining the King’s Duties.

And if at any Time West India Ships can net be admitted into The Dock', the Commissioners ci Customs may authorize the Cargoes of those particular Sh.ps to be landed at other legal Quays.

LXXXIX. Provided also nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, That if at any Time or Times it should happen, that by Reason of the said Docks being filled with shipping, or of some Accident, or other Cause, any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, which shall have come from the West Indies into the River Thames cannot be admitted into and unloaded in and at the said Docks, Quays, and Works of the said Company, pursuant to this Act, then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for any three or more of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England, for the Time being, to permit the Cargo of any such Ship or Vessel to be landed and discharged at such other legal Qiuy or Quays, or other Place or Places within the Port of London, as they the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint.

Ships arriving from other Parts than the West Indies, with West India Produce on board, to discharge such Produce within one of the Dock?, if any thiee or more of the Commission rs of Customs shall so

XC. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That at any Time or Times after the said Docks, Quays, or Wharfs, and Warehouses, shall be ready for the Reception of Ships and Goods, it shall be lawful for any three or more of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England, by Writing under their Hands, to order and direct that any Ship or Slfips, Vessel or Vessels, which shall arrive or come into the River Thames from any other Part or Parts of the World than the West Indies, with Goods, Wares, or Merchandize on board of the Growth and Produce of the West Indies, shall unload and land so much of her or their Cargo, or respective Cargoes, as shall confitt of any such last mentioned Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, within some or one of the said Docks, or on the Quays or Wharfs which shall belong jhereto, and that the King’s Duties in respect of the same shall thereupon be ascertained at such Quays or Wharfs, and not elsewhere; and that every such Order, after being delivered on hoard of any such Ship or Vessel, to or for the Person having the Charge or Command thereof, shall be obeyed accordingly; and if any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, being of the Growth or Produce of the West Indies, shall be afterwards

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. lxix. 241

landed from such Ship, or Vessel, in any other Place or Places in or near the Port of London, than the said orderanddirrtt. Quays or Wharfs within the said Dock or Docks, then, and in every such Case, the Goods, Wares, and under Forfeiture Merchandize so to be landed, shall be forfeited to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and shall or may pjfnr^ty,a"n ' be lawfully seized accordingly by any of the Officers of his Majesty's Customs or Excise, and disposed of owners of the according to Law, and the Owner or Owners, or Matter of any such Ship or Vessel, shall, for every such Ship.

Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is mentioned; and after all the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, of the Growth or Produce of the West Indies, on board of such Ships respectively arriving in any of the said Docks from any other Part or Parts than the West Indies, shall be unshipped in any of the said Docks as aforesaid, and the proportionate Duty of six Shillings and eight Pence per Ton, herein after made payable in respetfl thereof, shall be paid, such Ships shall be forthwith permitted to go into the River Thames, to discharge the Remainder of their respective" Cargoes.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That, for and during the Term of twenty-one Years, commencing ojtwardj'ound from and next ensuing the Time when the said Docks, Quays or Wharfs, and Warehouses, shall be ready WefHndiaSiijp* for the Reception of Ships and Goods, all such of the Ships and Vessels belonging to or frequenting the ^0^0^ in the Port of London as shall be used in the West India Trade, shall, when and so often as the same shall be out- River below the ward bound to the West Indies, ship or take in all their respective Cargoes, and be loaded, either in some or Entrance imo one of the said Docks, or in such Part of the River Thames as shall be below the Entrance into the said Canal, the Canai at at Blackmail aforesaid; and if any such Ship or Vessel, being so outward bound to the West Indies, shall ship. £,ack.wa, J’on, or take in any Part of her Cargo in the said Port or River elsewhere than in some or one of the said Docks ena 0 100 or than below the Entrance into the said Canal at Blackmail, then and in every such Case the Owner or Owners, or Matter of such Ship or Vessel, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is mentioned: Provided nevertheless, That Except in case every or any such Ship or Vessel, when engaged to take on board Naval Stores at the King’s Dock Yard or avaJ St°rcs Victualling Office at Deptford, for his Majesty's Service, shall be permitted so to do. on producing to the ^Deptford 0 Dock Master or his known Assistance, a Certificate of such Ship or Vessel being so engaged, under the

Hand or Hands of any one or more of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy or Victualling, who are hereby authorised and required to grant such Certificates for that Purpose.

XCII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the said Harbour Masters and Dock Masters Harbour Maftiri so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, in executing the Powers hereby given to them respectively, always and OotkMaf. observe, comply with, and use, their best Endeavours to enforce the Regulations and Directions contained tcr*to ^fcrvc in the Act of Parliament of the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Chapter the fifty- certJun ircc* eighth, for preventing Vessels which shall have come from or shall be bound to any foreign Parts, from being removed out of the Stream in the said Port with Goods on board, except to the lawful Quays; and also the Regulations and Directions contained in the Act of Parliament of the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Chapter the sixty-eighth, for mooring Ships, and importing Tobacco at such Place in the said Port as the Commissioners of the Customs shall appoint, so far as the same Regulations and Directions in the two last mentioned ACis of Parliament respectively shall not obstruct, molest, or interfere with the free Use and Enjoyment of the said Docks and Canal, and the Basons, Cuts, and other Works which shall belong thereto respectively, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Harbour Master, Dock Master, Lock Keeper, Whar- Harbour and finger, or other Officer to be appointed in pursuance and by virtue of this Act, shall give undue Preference ^ock Matters, to, or in any Manner unneceliaiily retard or obstruct any Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, Lock KcePtr patting into or out of the said Port or Docks, or from one Station to another therein, or through any Lock fCfer° or Flood-Gate upon the said Canal, or any of the said intruded Basons, Cuts, or other Works, or in load- ence/on Penalty ing or unloading any Goods or other Things, at a_r*y of the Wharfs, Weigh Beams, Cranes, or other not exceeding Machines, which shall belong to the said Mayor ?.7id Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors, or to the said IVft India Dock Company, by virtue of this Act, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding ten Pounds.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Canal, Docks, Basons, and Cuts, or Fcr regulating

tions in 19 G. c. 58. & 29 G. 3. c. 68.

any of them, shall befo far completed as to admit Ships, Vessels, Vessel shall lie at either of the Mooring Tiers in the River T

;, or Craft to enter therein, no Ship or other mrounds

Mooring Tiers in the River Thames, immediately above or below the Entrance or respective Entrances into the lame Canal, Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, Cut or Cuts, but those only which Sre intended to go into, or within twelve Hours last past shall have come out of the said Canal, or any of such Docks, Batons, or Cuts; and that every Matter and Pilot, and all and every other Pgrion& and Person having the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel lying at the aid Tiers, shall remove therefrom such Ship or Vessel under his or their Command, whenever so required by the said Harbour Matter or Harbour Matters, Dock Master or Dock Masters, his or their Aflittantor Aflittarus, by an Order, left with some Person or Persons on board the said Ship or Vessel, in Writing for that Purpose, within twelve Hours after each Notice for Removal, under the Penalty of a Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than five Pounds, for every twenty-four Hours any such Ship or Vessel shall remain at either of the said Tiers, after the Time limited by such Notice left in Writing.

XCV. And, for the Security and Preservation of the said Works, be it further enacted, That before any Ship or other Vessel shall enter or pass into the said Canal, Docks, Basons, and Cuts, or any of them, such Ship or Vessel shall have her Sails lowered, so that (he may not enter into or navigate in any of the said Works under Sail; and in case any Ship or Vessel shall so enter or navigate under bail, every Matter, 39 GhO. Ill* i i Commander,

of Vi fills mar the Knn anc«^> into tht Can.if, 1XkK>, Bsfoiu, iinJ Cuts.

No VtiTrl to enter into or navigate in the Works, uniter Sail, umtir

242

Penalty on tbt Matter from jo 1. to 5l. Draw Bridges and Swivel Bridges to be fattened, after VeflVls shall have patted, under certain Penalties.

For preventing Obstructions and Nuisance* in the Port, Canal, Docks, &c.

Penalties on Personi obtruding the Navigation, or wantonly, &c. opening Lock Gates, &c. and letting off Water, or fof-tfering Vessels to strike upon Bridget or Ltcka.

Vessels not to land Goods in

the Docks, &c. at other Places than Quays and Landing Places, on Penalty of 100l.* and Forfeiture of Goods liable to Duty.

To prevent other Nuisances in the Port, Canal, Docks, See.

C. lxix. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Commander, or Pilot, or other Person having the Care of such Ship or Vessel, shall for every such Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than five Pounds.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Draw Bridge or Swivel Bridge shall be laid over or across the said Canal, or any Cut, Trench, or Passage to be made by virtue of this Act, every Person opening such Draw Bridge or Swivel Bridge shall and is hereby required, as soon as maybe after any such Bridge shall be opened, to shut and fallen the same; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully open any such Draw Bridge or Swivel Bridge when no Ship or other Vessel is to pass the same, so as to interrupt a free Passage for Travellers, Castle, or Carriages, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exeeding forty Shillings, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied as herein after is directed; and if any such Bridge shall be left open longer than necessary for the Passage of any Ship or other Vessel as aforesaid, through the Negligence or Carelessness of any Person belonging to such Ship or other Vessel, then the Master or Owners of such Ship or Vessel shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other be appropriated as herein after is directed; but in case the same shall happen by the Neglect or Default of any Officer or Servant of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or of the said Company, such Officer or Servant shall forfeit and pay not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, to be applied in like Manner.

XCVII. And for the better making and preserving of a free and clear Entrance, Navigation, and Passage into and within, and also a free and clear Pass age out of the Port of London, and the said Canal, Docks, Basons and Cuts,’ be it further enacted, That no Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel of any Description whatsoever, shall lie across in, or in any wise unnecessarily obstruct any of the Entrances qt Passages into and within, or any of the Passages or Outlets from the said Port, or the said Canal, or any of the said Docks, Basons, or Cuts, or be permitted to strike or run upon any of the Locks, Flood Gates, or Bridges thereof; and that if any Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel entering, navigating, using, lying, loading, or unloading upon the River Thames, within the said Port of London, or upon the said Canal, or any of the said Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, shall be placed, or suffered to remain, in any Part of the same respectively, so as unnecessarily to obstruct the Navigation thereof, and the Master, Owneiv or other Person having the Command or Direction of such Vessel; shall not immediately, upon Request made, remove the same, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, and also a Sum not exceeding five Pounds, for every Hour of such Obstruction after such Requisition; and it shall be lawful for the Harbour Master, Dock Master, or other proper Officer to be appointed in pursuance and by virtue of this Act, to cause any such Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, to be removed in such Manner and to such Place as shall be proper for preventing such Obstruction, or to be unloaded, if necessary, and to seize or distrain, such Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, and the Lading thereof, or any Part of such Lading, until the Charges occasioned by such Removal shall be paid; and if any Person or Persons shall float, or raft, or place any Timber upon the said Canal, Docks, Basons, Cuts* and Wharfe, or any of them, otherwise than as allowed by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or by the said Directors respectively, as the Case shall require, and on Payment of such Rates as may be agreeft and fixed upon, or shall suffer the Loading of any Boat or Barge, or other Vessel, navigating in or upon any of the said Works, to be over the Side thereof, and shall not immediately, when so required, remove such Obstruction, or if any Person shall wantonly, carelessly, or negligently open, or cause to be opened any Lock-gate, Paddles, Valve, or Clough, belonging to any Lock to be erected on the said Works, or any of them, or wantonly and mischievously flush or draw off, or cause to be flushed or drawn off. Water from the said Canal, or any of the said Docks, Basons, or Cuts, or shall suffer any Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, to strike or run upon any of the Bridges or Locks thereof, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding five Pounds.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, shall land or ship her Cargo, or any Part thereof, by the Sides or upon or along the Banks of any of the said Docks, Basons, or Cuts, except such Quays, Wharfs, and landing Places, shall be made and assigned by the said Directors for the loading and discharging, or landing and shipping of such Cargoes; upon pain of forfeiting for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding one hundred Pounds, and upon pain of forfeiting to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs or successors, such of the Goods or Merchandize so landed or shipped, as shall be liable to the Payment of any Duty to his Majesty on such landing or shipping, which Goods or Merchandize may be seized accordingly, by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs or Excise, and disposed of according to Law.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Owners, Master or Commander, Seaman or Servant of or belonging to any Ship or other Vessel, or any other Person or Persons whosoever, shall throw, cast, or put away any Ballast, Earth, Dust, Ashes, Stones, or other Things, into or upon any of the Works to be made in pursuance of this Act, to the Prejudice thereof, or into the River Thames, in any Place or Places between London Bridge and the Mouth of the River Lea, or do any other Annoyance to the same respectively, or any Part thereof, and Complaint being made thereof, upon Oath, by any Harbour Master, Dock Master, or other Officer, or any other Person, the same shall be examined into and determined by any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place wherein such Offence shall be committed, and he or they is or are hereby authorised to impose upon the Offender or Offenders such Fine or Fines, not exceeding ten Pounds, for each Offence, as they the said Justice or Justices shall think reasonable; and m case of Non-payment thereof immediately after the same shall be demanded, it

Mills, &c. not to draw off Water from thf Work* without Consent.

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. lxix. #43

shall be lawful for any such Justice or Justices, for the Time being* by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal* or Hands and Seals, to levy the same, together with the Costs dnd Charges incident thereto, bj Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Owner or Owners, Master or Commander,

Seaman or Servant, or other Person or Persons so offending, or of the Tackle, Apparel, or Furniture, of or belonging to such Ship or Vessel, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Matter or Commander, or to the Person or Persons whose Goods or other Things shall be so distrained; and if sufficient Distress cannot be found, then it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to any Prison within his or their Jurisdiction* there to be kept to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding thirty Days, unless such Penalty shall be sooner paid.

C. And be it further enacted, That no Owner or Occupier of any Mill* or other Works, that may be hereafter erected or (landing near the said Canal, or any of the said Docks, Basons, or Cuts, or his Servants or Workmen, or any other Person or Persons, by his Direction or Order, or in his Employ, shall at any Time after the completing of the said Canal, or any of the said Docks, Basons, or Cuts, life or draw down the Water from any such of them as shall be so completed, or the Slips or Trenches communicating therewith, without the Licence and Consent of the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or of the said Directors, as the Case may require, and making such Compensation and Satisfaction as may be mutually agreed upon; and that the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, or Directors, their Officers or Servants, respectively, shall and may, from Time to Time, and at all Times as Occasion shall require, cut off such Communications of Water on every such Trespafe; and every Person so trespassing or offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding fifty Pounds.

CI. And be it further enacted, That all loaded Vessels which shall go into any of the said Docks, or the Basons or Cuts, which may belong thereto, shall unload, and discharge their respective Cargoes as soon as conveniently may be after entering the rein, and shall then, without Loss of Time, be removed into such Part of the said Docks and other Works as shall be set apart for light Vessels; and the said Dock Master and Docks Matters are respectively hereby authorised to order and cause to be removed and taken out of the said Docks, Basons, and Cuts, or any of them, all such light Ships or Vessels, as are unfit for Service, or not intended to be loaded or fitted out for the West Indies; and to the Intent that the Dock Masters may have Knowledge of such Ships so circumstanced, the Master or Owner of every such Ship or Vessel shall, within' six Weeks after (he shall have entered any of the said Docks, give Notice to the said Directors, that such Ship or Vessel is unfit for Service, or is not intended to be loaded or fitted out for the West Indies. as the Case may be, or on Failure therein, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds $ and in case any Master or Owner or Owners, or other Person having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel* as last aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to remove such Ship or Vessel from such Part of the said Docks and other Works as shall be set apart for light Vessels, within forty-eight hours after Notice in Writing shall be given to such Matter, Owner or Owners, or other Person respectively, then and m every such Case he or they shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding ten rounds, nor less than five Pounds 5 and the Dock Master or Dock Masters, his or their Assistant or Assistants, may remove, or cause to be removed, such Ship or Vessel out of the said Docks and Basons, or Cuts, or any of them, and lay or moor the same in such Part of the River Thames, within Low Water Mark, as shall be directed by any Harbour Matter appointed in pursuance of this Act, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, or in any other of the said Docks and Basons; and that upon the Demand of Payment being made by such Dock Master or Dock Masters, Assistant or Assistants, from the Owner or Owners, Master, Commander, or Agent, of any such Ship or other Vessel, of the Charges of removing and mooring the lame (such Charges and Expences being first allowed by the said Directors; and upon Neglect or Refusal of Payment of such Charges so allowed as aforesaid immediately, the same shall be recoverable by Distrefe and Sale of such Ship or VefleL or her Tackle, Apparel, or Furniture, or any Part thereof, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting the Charges of taking, keeping, and Sale of such Distress, to the Owner or Owners, Matter, Factor, or Agents, of or for such Ship or Vessel, upon the same being demanded.

CII. And be it further enacted, That all such Ships, Lighters, Barges, Boats, and other Vessels, as shall respectively have on board any Gunpowder, exceeding the Quantity of one Pound, shall respectively, before they enter any of the said intended Docks, or of the Basons and Cuts which shall belong thereto, land and discharge all their Gunpowder, and unload and clear their Guns; and that no Tar, Pitch, Rosin, Hemp,

Flax, Faggots, Furze, Turpentine, Oil, Hay, Straw, Tallow, Grease, Shavings of Wood, or combustible Matter of any Kind, shall be fuftered to be or remain on the Quays or Wharfs intended to be built in or near the said Docks as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, or upon the Deck of any Ship or other Vessel in the said Docks,

Basons, and Cuts, or any of them, above the Space of twelve Hours.1 and that in Case the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Matters, or other Things, or the Commander, Matter, or Mate of any such Ship or other Vessel, shall make Default herein, every such Person so offending mail forfeit and pay, for every such Offence* a Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than five Pounds.

CIII. And, for more effectually preventing Accidents by Firfe in the said Docks and Dock Premises*' be it further enacted, That no Person whosoever shall have or keep, or cause to be had or kept* mny Fire* Candle* or Lamp lighted, within any of the said Docks, or of the Basons, Cuts, Quays, Wharfs,

Warehouses and other Works which shall belong thereto, at any Time or Times whatsoever, (except only necessary Lamps by the Sides of Ways without the Dock Walls, and such Fires or lighted Candles or Lamps as shall be necessary to be used in the making, building, fipiming, repairing, alttring, or improving

Vessels to unlade

within the Docks as soon at may be, and then to be removed.

Power for Dock Master, or his Assistant, to order out Kght Vessels; and on every Neglect to remove them* the Parties so neglecting to forfeit ten

Poundss

and the Dock Master or hit Assistants may remove such Vessels §

and the Charge!

thereof, on Non-payments to be levied by Distress and Sale.

Vessels to land Gunpowder before entering the Dock Premises* and other combustible Matter to be removed within twelve Hours.

Firt, Candle<* or Lamps, not to be iighted in the Docks, Ac,

244 C. lxix*>

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Persons fcttirg

Fire to the Works or Vessels in the Docks, &c. gu.lty of Ft Ion y without Benefit of Clergy; and Person^ other-wife wilfully damaging ttie the Works or VeflVis, made

ing of the same Docks, Basons, Cats, Quays Wharfs, Warehouses, and other Works, or any of them), upon Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding tea Pounds nor less that five Pounds.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whosoever shall wilfully and maliciously set on Fire any of the Works to be made by virtue of this Act, or any Ship or other Veil'd lying or being in the said Canal, or in any of the Docks, Basons, Cuts, or other Works to be made by virtue of this Act, every Person so offending m any of the said cases, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, and every fuel) Felon shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy; and if any Person or Persons shall knowingly, wilfully, or maliciously demolish, breakdown, cut, or destroy any of the Works to be made by virtue of this Act, or any Ship or Vessel lying in the said Canal, or in any of the said Docks, Basons, Cuts, or other Works, then every such Offender being convicted thereof, shall suffer Punishment by Fine, Imprisonment, or Transportation, at the Discretion of the Judge or Judges before whom, such Offender or Offenders shall be tried and convicted.

liable to Fine and Imprisonment, or Transportion.

Penalty against destroying Mooring-Ropes of Ships.

Penalty on breaking or extinguishing Lamps.

CV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons whosoever shall wilfully or maliciously Ifcut, break, or in any Manner destroy any Rope, or other Thing, by which any Ship or other Vessel lying in the said Canal, or in any of the said Docks, Basons, or Cuts, or in any Place or Places in the River Thames, between London Bridge and the Mouth of the River Lea, shall be moored or fattened, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding ten Pounds: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall hinder or restrain the Harbour Matters and Docks Matters to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, or any of them, or their or his Assistance or Assistants, from exercislngin a due and reasonable Manner any of the Powers or Authorities hereby vetted in them or him respectively.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall steal, damage, break, demolish, or throw down, any Lamp or Lamps, Lamp Irons or Potts, which shall or may be set up near unto and about the said Canal, Docks, Basons, and Cuts respectively, or any of them, or near unto and about any Buildings which shall in pursuance of this Act, be erected on or near the said Canal, Docks, Basons, or Cuts, or any of them, or shall wilfully extinguish the Lights within the same Lamp or Lamps, or damage the Iron or other Furniture thereof, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall see such Offence committed, and also for any other Person or Persons, to arrest the Offender or Offenders, by Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey him, her, or them into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be taken before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, for the County or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed; and that such Justice or Justices shall proceed to examine upon Oath, any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear to give any Information touching such Offence, (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is or are hereby authorised and required to administer,) and that if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of such Offence, either by Confession, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding forty Shillings for each Lamp, Lamp Iron, or Pott, or other Furniture so broken, thrown down, or damaged, or for every Light extinguished as aforesaid, and moreover shall make full Satisfaction to the said Mayor, Alderman, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or to the said Company, as the Case may be, or to such Person as shall be duly appointed to receive the same, for the Damage so done; and that in case such Offender or Offenders shall not, on Conviction, pay such Forfeiture, and make such Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Justice or Justices, is or are hereby required to commit him, her, or them to any Prison within the Jurisdiction of such Justice or Justices, for any Time not exceeding thirty Days, and that such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged before the fcxpiration of the Time for which he, she, or they shall be so committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given.

Mailers and

CVII. And be it further enacted, That the Master or Owner or Owners of any Ship, Lighter, Barge,

Owners answer- Boat, or other Vessel, or of any Raft or Float of Timber, shall be and is or are hereby made answerable for any able for Damages Damage, Spoil, or Mischief that shall be done by any such Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel or oncers InT Raft, or Float, or any of the Seamen, Boatmen, Watermen, or others, belonging to or employed in or

Servants. about the same, unto the said Canal, or any of the said intended Docks, Basons, or Cuts, or unto any of the

Bridges, Locks, Dams, Quays, Engines or other Works, in, upon or belonging to the same, or any of them, or unto any of the Trenches, aqueducts, Sluices, and Passages to be made as aforesaid, or by loading or unloading any Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, or for any Trespass or Damage that shall or may be done to the Owners or Occupiers of any Buildings, Erections, Mills, Dams, Weirs, Lands, or Tenements, adjoining or lying near the said Canal, or any of the said Docks, Basons, and Cuts, by leaving open Gates, or otherwise, or any other Trespass whatsoever; and the said Matter, or Owne'rs of any such Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, or Raft or Float, may be sued by Action for the same in any Court of Record; and if a Verdict or Judgment shall be given against him or them, on Proof made, or by Default or upon Demurrer, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in any such Case, shall recover his or their Damages thereby sustained, with full Costs of Suit; and in case the Mailer, or Owner or Owners of any such Ship, Lighter, Burge, Boat, or other Vessel, or Raft or Float as aforesaid, shall be compelled to pay any Penalty, or to make Satisfaction for any Damage or Trespass, by Reason of any wilful Act or Default done or committed by his Servant or Servants, every such Servant or Servants shall be liable to pay such Penalty, or the Money paid for any such Damage or Trespass to such Master or Owner or Owners; and in case of Non-payment thereof, on Demand, the same shall and may be recovered by such Matter, or Owner or Owners, in like Manner as any Penalty is hereby directed to be recovered.

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. lxix, 245

Power to the Common Council to make Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, for the Port and w Canal, excepting the Docks and their Appurtenances; and to repeal, amend, and alter the same; and to fix Penalties For Non-observance, not exceeding forty Shillings. Bye Laws to be printed and distri- buted. Penalties are to be levied by Distress. 108. Directors of the Dock Company in like Manner empowered, to make Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, for the Docks and their Appurtenances. $ 109. Such last mentioned Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, to be subject to the Controulof the Company at a General Meeting, who mayinfpeft Bye Laws, and alter or annul any of them. § no. All such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, by the City or the Company shall be made, altered, or repealed with the Approbation of the Lord Chancellor, the two chief Justices, and the Chief Baron, or one of them. § in Copies of Bye Laws, and of Alteration of Bye Laws, are to be sent to the Trinity House thirty Days before the same be allowed by the Judges: To whom the Trinity House may submit any Objections to such Bye Laws. §112.

CXIII. And whereas by the making and using of the said Canal, Docks, Basons, and other Works, Compensation*

‘ hereby authorised to be made, the Lands which are intended to be taken and used fur those Purposes, or Tithes*of*

considerable Parts thereof, will be rendered unproductive of Tithes, and it is expedient that proper Com- the Lands and pensation should be made to the Owners of the said Tithes, for the Time being, in lieu thereof: And other Premises whereas the Principal and Scholars of the King's Hall\ and College of Brazen Nose, in the University of to be uken.

Oxford, and the Person or Persons entitled under them, are the present Owners of all the Tithes, both Great and Small, of the Lands so intended to be taken and used :* Be it therefore enacted, That in Order to the making of such Compensation as aforesaid, the yearly Quantity of three Pecks of good, clean, wholesome, marketable English Wheat, of the best Sort, for each and every Acre of the Lands and Premises, for the Tithes of which such Compensation is intended to be hereby provided, and after that Rate for any greater or less Quantity than an Acre, shall be deemed and considered as equal in Value to and a full and adequate Compensation and Satisfaction for all the Tithes, both Great and Small, arising and payable upon or out of the same Lands and Premises; and the Sum of six Shillings and eight Pence per Bushel shall be considered and taken as and for the Average Price of such Wheat at the Corn Exchange in the City of London, during the Term of fourteen Years next preceding the passing of this Act; and that there shall be paid and payable, from Time to Time for ever, to the said Principal and Scholars, and their Successors, or to the Person or Persons for the Time being duly entitled to receive the same under them, such respective yearly Rents or Sums of Money as shall be equal im Value to three Pecks of such Wheat, at such fixed average Price as aforesaid, for each and every Acre of all such Titheable Lands and other Premises, situated respectively in the aforesaid Parishes of Saint Dunstan, Stebonheath, otherwise Stepney, and Saint Annt Limehouse, or either of them, or in any of the Titheable Places thereof respectively, and by this AC1 authorised to be purchased, as shall be taken, and for the Time being kept, occupied, and made use of, in or for the making, maintaining, and tiling of the said Canal, Docks, Basons, Cuts, Sluices, Quays, Wharfs, Warehouses, Roads, and other Works, hereby authorised to be made, and the building and providing of Houses, Offices, Curtilages, and Gardens, for the Habitation and Use of the Officers and Servants to be employed in and about the Business and Management of the same Works respectively, and as shall betaken, and for the Time being kept, occupied, and made use of in or for the digging for, laying, or placing of Earth, Gravel, Rubbish, Materials,

Machines, or Utensils, in making, repairing, or altering, any of the said Works, or in or for the feeding of the Horses to be from Time to Time kept for and employed in the making, carrying on, and Management of the said Works, or of any of them, and also for each 2nd every Acre of all such other Titheable Lands and Premises within the same Parishes, or any of the Titheable Places thereof respectively, as shall be purchased.* as aforesaid under or by virtue of this Act, and shall not after the finishing of the said Works be fold, or absolutely disposed of, but shall be and remain in the actual Occupation of the Mayor and Commonalty and.

Citizens of the City of London, or their Successors, or of the said West India Dock Company, or of their respective Officers or Servants, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, and after that Rate, for any greater or less Quantity than an Acre; and that such of the said respective yearly Rents or Sums of Money as shall be payable for or in respect of the Lands and Premises to be taken, kept, occupied, and made use of in the making, maintaining, and using of the said Canal, and the Cuts, Sluices, Roads, and other Works and Premises which shall belong thereto, and for or in respect of such other Lands and Premises as shall be and-remain vested in, and in the actual Occupation of, the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or their Successors, or of their respective Officers or Servants, by virtue or in purfumce of this ASX, shall be issuing. out of and charged upon the same, and every Part thereof, and shall be payable and paid by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors, with and out of the Tranlk Rates hereby granted or made payable to them \ and such of the said refj ective yearly Rents or Sums of Money as shall be payable for or in respect of the Lands and Premises to be taken, kept, occupied, and made use of in the making, maintaining, and using, of the said Docks, and the Basons, Cuts, Sluices, Quays, Wharfs, Warehouses, Roads, and other Works and Premises which shall belong thereto, and for or in respcdf of such other Lands and.

Premises, as shall be and remain velted in Trustees for the said T/fl India Dock Company, and in the actual Occupation of the said Company, or their Officers or Servants, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act,

shall be Hiding out of and charged upon the same, and every Part thereof, and shall be payable and paid by the said West India Dock Company, with and out of the several Rates and Duties hereby granted or made payable to them; and which said respective yearly Rents or Sums of Money shall be and are hereby declared '

to be in lieu and full Compensation, Satisfaction, Bar, and Extinguishment, of and for all Tithes and Portions of Tithes, bothGrcat^nd Small, arihng and payable upon or out of all the Lands and Premises whatsoever, in the said Parishes of Saint Dunstan, Stebonheath, otherwise Stepney, and Saint Ann, Limehouse, or either of them, or in any of the Titheable Places thereof respectively which shall be so taken, and for the

Time

*4-6

The Ayeragt Vrlce of Wheat may be re-ascertained at the End of every fourteen Years, for the Purpose of making such Compen&tions.

Compensation to be made to the Owners,

Scc. of, and Persons employed on, any Quays Or wharfs, or other Tenements, which may be rendered less valuable, by Reason of the intended Works; and to the Governors of Christ’s Hospital, (if oeccdary) on account of Car-rooms.

C. lxix. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Time being kept, occupied, and made use of as aforesaid, and for or in respect of which such yearly Rents or Sums shall be payable respectively; and the said respective yearly Rents or Sums of Money shall be payable and paid to the said Principal and Scholars, and their Successors, or to the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the same under them, at the Parsonage House for the Time being of the said Parish of Stebonheath, other wise Stepney, or at such other Place or Places within the said Parish as the same Principal and Scholars, or Successors, or Person or Persons shall appoint, by equal Half-yearly Payments and Portions, upon the twenty-fourth Day of June, and the twenty-fifth Day of December, in every Year for ever, clear of all Parochial Taxes, Rates, Dues, and Assessments whatsoever; the first Payment thereof to become due and be made upon the first of those Days which shall next happen after the Possession of such Lands and Premises respectively shall have been obtained by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or their Successors, or by the said West India 'Dock Company.

CXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall fbe lawful for the said Principal and Scholars, and their Successors, or to and for the Person or Persons to be for the Time being entitled under them as aforesaid, at any Time after the Expiration of fourteen Years, to be computed from and next ensuing the Day so as aforesaid appointed for the first Payment of the said yearly Rents or Sums of Money, by Writing under their or his Hands or Hand, to apply to the Justices of the Peace, at any General or Quarter Sessions to be holden for the said County of Middlesex ftfirit giving Notice in Writing to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or their Successors, and the said West India Dock Company respectively, six Calendar Months, at least, before such Application, of his or their Intention so to do,) to have the Average Price of Wheat again enquired of and ascertained; and the said Justices of the Peace shall and may, and they are hereby required, at the same, or at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County, to enquire into and ascertain, by or from or by Means of the London Gazette, folong as the Returns of the Average Price of Corn and Grain shall be published therein, and in cafo of no such Publication, then by such Ways or Means as they shall think equitable or proper, the Average Price of good marketable Wheat, at the Corn Exchange in the City of London, for the Term of fourteen Years next proceeding such Application 5 and after such Average Price shall have been so ascertained and fixed, the Amount of all future Payments of the said respective yearly Rents, or Sums of Money in lieu of Tithes, as herein mentioned, shall be equal to the Value of the respective proper Quantities of Wheat, computed at the said Rate of three Pecks per Acre, and according to the Average Price which shall have been last ascertained and fixed by the Court of General or Quarter Sessions; and so from Time to Time, as often as any such Application shall be made as aforesaid|; provided no such Application be made before the Expiration of fourteen Years from the Time any such Average Price shall have been last ascertained and fixed in pursuance of this Act.

" Such Compensations for Tithes may be recovered as Fee-Farm Rents. § r 15. Compensation to be made by the Corporation of London for Deficiencies of Assessments for Land Tax, and paving, cleansing, lighting, and Poors’ Rates. $ n6. Compensation to be made by the West India Dock Company for Deficiencies of Assessments for Land Tax, and paving, cleansing, lighting, and Poor’s Rates. §117. 44 Compensation to be made for Deficiencies of Sewer Rates. §118. Compensation to be made to Lord Gwydir and his Assigns, in respect to their Interest in the Mooring Chains.

[&>* §35 ] §119. Compensation to be made to his Majesty for Relinquishment of Rents and Profits of Mooring*Chains, to be paid into the Bank on Account of the Treasury, as wider the Land Tax Redemption Act, §120."

CXXI. And whereas, by reason or in consequence of certain Parts of the Works, Improvements, and Regulations, intended by this Act, some of the said present legal Quays, and of the other Quays or Wharfs, commonly called Publick Foreign Sufferance Wharfs, and certain Warehouses, Docks, and divers other Tenements and Hereditaments, nowin or adjoining the said Port, some of which Wareh >ufesare known by the Name of Up-Town Warehouses, and used for the Reception of West India Produce, and other Goods landed, may perhaps become less valuable, by Means of the Trade or Business of the same respectively being in Part diverted, than the same respectively are at present, and divers Owners and Occupiers of, and other Persons interested in, or employed upon the Business of such legal Quays and Sufferance Wharfs, Warehouses, Docks, and other Tenements and Hereditaments, may thereby sustain Loss or Damage; and the yearly and other Receipts of the Governors of Christ's Hospital in the City of London, for or on Account of Car-rooms, or Figures for using Free Carts within the said City and the Liberties thereof, may also thereby happen to be lessened be it therefore further enacted, That in case such Legal Quays and Sufferance Wharfs, Warehouses, Docks, and other Tenements and Hereditaments, or any of them, shall by Reason of the said intended Works, or of any of them, be rendered less valuable by Reason or Means of the Trade thereof being diverted therefrom, than they respectively were before the passing of this Act, or any Owners or Occupiers of the some Legal Quays and Sufferance Wharfs, Warehouses, Docks, and other Tenements and Hereditaments, or any Tackle House Porters, Ticket Porters, oj Free Carmen, of the City of London, or other Person or Persons interested in or employed upon the Business thereof respectively, shall by Reason of any of the same Works suffer Loss or Damage, or the yearly or other Receipts or Income of the Governors of Christ's Hospital aforesaid, or of their Successors, for or on Account of Car-Rooms, shall by Reason of any of the same Works happen to be lessened or diminished, the said Commissioners to be appointed as herein after is mentioned for managing the Business of the Compensations authorised and required to be made by them, do and shall make or cause to be made such just and liberal Compensation or Satisfaction, by Purchase, or by Employment, or other wise, to the Owners and Occupiers of, and the Tackle House Porters, Ticket Porters, Free Carmen, and other Persons interested in, or employed upon, the some Legal Quays and Sufferance Wharfs, Warehouses, Docks, and other Tenements

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. lxix.

and Hereditaments so rendered lessvah ble respectively, and to the Governors of Christs Hospital aforesaid, or their Successors, for the Injury, Loss, or Damage which such Owners, Occupiers, Porters, Carmen, and other Persons and Governors respectively shall have thereby suffered or sustained, as shall be agreed on between the said Commissioners and such respective Owners, Occupiers, and other Persons interested or employed as aforesaid, or between the said Commissioners and Governors so far as relates to the said Car-rooms.

When Parties refuse or are unable to agree for Compensation, Juries for ascertaining the same may be empanneled before the Commissioners, and such Juries shall award the Amounts of Compensations on 4< Oath. Verdict of the Jury, to be final. Previous Notice being given to Parties interested.

[for u §17.] § la*. The Commissioners empowered to impose Fines on Sheriffs, Jurors, &c. for Non-attendance, Neglect, &c. §123. Corporations, Trustees, £SV. empowered to agree for such Compensation. §124. When a good Title to Compensation Money cannot be shewn, or Parties entitled thereto cannot be found, such Money to be paid into the Bank, subject to the Order of the Court of Chan-" eery on Motion or Petition. §125. Purchase Monies to be inverted in a Manner exactly similar to that " directed under §25. in case of Purchases by the City. % 126. Verdicts, Judgments, concerning a Compensations, and Receipts of Cashiers of the Bank for Compensation Monies, to be entered among the Records of the Lord Mayor’s Court, or General or Quarter Sessions. $ 127."

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Claim shall be made or admitted for any Compensation by this Act directed to be managed by the said Commissioners, before or until the Expiration of three Years next after Notice of the (kid Docks and Dock Premises being ready for Use shall have been first given in The London Gazette, and two or more publick Morning Newspapers usually circulated in London^ and that all such Claims shall be made, and the Ascertainment of the Compensation so claimed shall be proceeded in without Delay, within one Year next ensuing the Expiration of the same aft mentioned Term of three Years; and that all and every Bodies and Body Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, Corporations aggregate or Sole, and other Persons and Person whosoever claiming any such Compensation, shall, within the d one Year, enter a Memorial of such their respective Claims, in a Book, to be for that Purpose prepared and kept by the Clerk of the said Commissioners, which Book the said Clerk is hereby required to prepare and keep accordingly, and for which Entry he shall be entitled to such Fee, and no other, as the Register of the County of Middlesex is by Law entitled to for the Registry of a Memorial containing the same Number of Words; and that in case any Compensation by this Act directed to be claimed for Loss or Damage, and to be managed by the said Commissioners, shall not be claimed, and a Memorial of such Claims entered in the said Book, and the Ascertainment of such Compensation in Manner aforesaid proceeded in without Delay, on the Part of the Claimant or Claimants, within one Year next ensuing the Expiration of the said Term of three Years next after Notice of the said Docks and Dock Premises being ready for Use shall have, been first given as aforesaid, then, and in every such Case, no Compensation IhaQ be allowed for such Loss or Damage; and all and every Bodies and Body Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and other Persons and Person whosoever, who might have claimed such Compensation or Compensations, but who shall have neglected to claim the same, and enter as before directed a Memorial of >such Claim, and proceed in causing to be ascertained such Compensation or Com-Tpensations within the said one Year, shall be barred and excluded from all Right and Title to any such Compensation or Compensations whatsoever, under or by virtue of this Act 5 any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereofln any wise notwithstanding: Provided always nevertheless, That if any Person or Persons entitled to, or who ought to claim any such Taft mentioned Compensation, shall happen to be absent from the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland during the Whole of the said one Year and there shall not be any Person in this Kingdom duly empowered to act for him, her, or them, in that Behalf, then, and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so being or having been absent, to make his, her, or their Claim of such Compensation, and enter a Memorial thereof as aforesaid, and proceed without Delay in the Aicertainment of such Compensation, at any Time within two Years next ensuing the Expiration of the said Term of three Years1 or in Default thereof shall also be in like Manner barred and excluded from all Right and Title t§ any such Compensation under or by virtue of this Act: Provided also, That the Limitations, Restrictions, and Directions, contained in this present Clause, for preventing Claims for Compensation till the Expiration of the said Term of three Years, and directed that Claimants shall make, enter Memorials of, and proceed in such Claims within one Year, or within two Years next after such Expiration, or be barred, shall not extend or be construed to relate to the Compensations herein directed to be made to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the said Peter Lord Gwydir, and his Assigns, on Account of the said Mooring Chains, or to their respective Claims of such Compensations.

Claimants may recover Compensation Money from Persons who shall have wrongfully received the same.

CXXX. And, to the Intent that a sufficient Number of fit and proper Persons may be chosen and appointed for managing the Business of the said Compensations,’ be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable John Lord Sheffield, and also Sir John William Anderson Baronet, William Curtis Esquire, Hervey Christian Combe Esquire, Brook Wation Esquire, Sir John Earner Knight, Charles Price Esquire, James Shauue Esquire, and William Champion Esquire, Aldermen of the City of London, William Lushington Esquire, Sir Francis Baring Baronet, William Wilberforce Bird Esquire, Samuel Robert Gauffien Esquire, William Manning Esquire, William Mellish Esquire, Thomas Theophilus Metcalfe Esquire, Robert Peel Esquire, Robert Preston Esquire, Abram Robarti Esquire, Henry Thornton Esquire, Samuel Thornton Esquire,

247

No Claims to be made for such last mentioned Compensations till three Years after Notice of the Docks. being ready for Use; and all such Claims am to be made and entered in a Book, within one Year after the Expiration of the said Term of three Years, or otherwise to be barred.

Appointment of the Commissioners of Comptnfaucrtlr

248 C. lxix. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

John Whitmire Esquire, John Julius Angerstein Esquire, William Bqftuiquet Esquire, Alexander Champion Esquire, Abel Chapman Esquire, John Dejfel Esquire, Edward Forjler Esquire, George Jeffery Esquire, Bcejhn Long Esquire, Thomas Raikes Esquire, Philip Sanfom Esquire, George Wood Esquire, William Holme Esquire, Henry Davidson Esquire, John Wedderburn Esquire, David Lyon Esquire, Joseph Timferon Esquire, James John!Ion Esquire, Thomas Plummer Esquire, David Mitchell Esquire, William Leighton Esquire, and George Brown Esquire, shall be and be called The Commissioners of the said Compensation s, and shall manage the Business thereof; and they the same Commissioners shall and may meet for the Transaction of the said Business, at such Places and Time or Times, as to the major Part of the Commissioners so met, not being less than five, shall seem convenient; and any five or more of the said Commissioners being so met (but not fewer) shall be competent to act in the said Business, and shall elect from among themselvesa Chairman at all such Meetings; and all Motions and Questions which shall be made and proposed at such Meetings, shall be decided by a Majority of the Commissioners present, and upon the Number happening to be equally divided, the Chairman for the Time being shall give the catting Vote.

Commissioners of Compensation in the Room of those who shall die, or decline, or become incapable to 44 a3, to be appointed by the surviving Commissioners. §131. Oath for Commissioners of Compensation.

§ 132. Commissioners empowered to administer Oaths. §133*"

Rates appoint-

CXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in Consideration of the great Accommodation and Advan-

l.ts^/eST ^or which the several Works and Regulations hereby authorised to be made will aftbrdto the Shipping and

Vctelsufing ° Trade of the said Port, and in Consideration of the great Charges and Expences which will be occasioned by the Port of the making, building, erecting, and providing of the said Canals, Cuts, Sluices, Bridges, Roads, and other London for the Works, herein-before authorised to be made by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Year, from Council assembled, there shall be payable and paid to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or to his Aug. 1, 1799. or (j0|jeftors, Receivers, or Agents, from and after the first Day of August next after the passing of this Act, for and during the Term of fourteen Years from thence next ensuing, for every Ship or other Vessel trading to, frequenting, or using, Lthe said Port of London, of which the said intended Canal, Docks, and other Works are to be Parts as aforesaid, by the Matter or other Person having the Charge or Cora-' fnand, or the Owner or Owners, of such Ship or other Vessel, according to the Tonnage-Burden thereof respectively, the several Rates or Duties of Tonnage next herein-afeer particularly rated and described; (that is to say,)

Lift of Rates. First Class—For every Ship or other Vessel, trading Coastwise, between the Port of London and any Port - or Place in Great Britain, the Orkneys, Shetland, or the Western Islands of Scotland, there shall be paid for every Voyage both in and out of the said Port, inclusive, one Penny per Ton.

Second Class — For every Ship or other Vessel entering Inwards, or arriving in the said Port from Den mark, Norway, or Lapland, (on this Side of the North Cape,) or from Holjiein, Hamburgh, Bremen, or any other Part of Germany bordering on ornear the Germanic Ocean, or from Holland, or any other of the United Provinces, or from Brabant, Antwerp, Flanders, or any other Part of the Netherlands, or from France, (within Ujhant,) Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, Ireland, ox the Isle of Man, one Penny Farthing per Ton.

And for every Ship or other Vessel clearing Outwards in, or departing from the said Port to any of the Countries, Parts, or Places last herein-before mentioned, one Penny Farthing per Ton:

Third Class — For every Ship or other Vessel entering Inwards, or arriving in the said Port from Lapland, (beyond the North Cape,) Finland, Russia, (without or within the Baltick Sea,) Livonia, Courland, Poland, Prussia, Sweden, or any other Country or Place within the Baltick Sea, two Pence per Ton.

And for every other Vessel clearing Outwards in, or departing from the said Port to any of the Countries 1 Parts, or Places last herein-before mentioned, two Pence per Ton.

Fourth Class — For every Ship or other Vessel entering Inwards, or arriving in the said Port from France, j (between Ujhant and Spain,) Portugal, Spain, (without the Mediterranean,) or any of the Azores, Madeira, or Canary Ifands, or any of the United States of America, or of the British Colonies or Provinces in North America, or from Florida, two Pence Halfpenny per Ton:

And for every Ship or other Vessel clearing Outwards in, or departing from the said Port to any of the Countries, Parts, or Places last herein-before mentioned, two Pence Halfpenny per Ton.

Fifth Class — For every Ship or other Vessel entering Inwards, or arriving in the said Port from Greenland, Gibraltar, France, or Spain, (within the Mediterranean,) or any Country, Island, Part, or Place within or bordering on or near the Mediterranean, or Adriatic Sea, or from the West Indies, Louisiana, Mexico, South America, Africa, liajl India, China, or any other Country, Island, Part, or Place, within o rbordering on or near the Pacific Ocean, or from any other Country, Island, Part, or Place whatsoever to the Southward of twenty-five Degrees of North Latitude, three Pence Halfpenny per Ton.

And for every Ship or other Vessel clearing Outwards in, or departing from the said Port to any of the Countries, Islands, Parts, or Places last herein before mentioned, three Pence HalfpennyTon.

Mow to be Which Rates or Duties shall be. and are hereby vetted in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as his

paid. own proper Monies, but for the Purposes of this Act, and shall be paid at the respective Times of such Ships*

or other Vessels’ Entry Inwards, or Clearance Outwards, at the Custom Housein the Port of London, to the Officer or Person appointed to collect and receive the same, under such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as are by this Act directed and required with respe3 to Ships or Vessels entering Inwards and clearing Outwards in the said Port; or for want of such Entrance or Clearance, then the same shall be paid before such Ships or other Vessels respectively shall depart from the said Port* and the said Rates or Duties dull

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. lxix. 249

be paid over, as soon as conveniently may be, by the Collectors thereof, or other proper Officers, into the

Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer.

CXXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not extend to charge with Exemptions.

any of the said Rates or Duties herein-before granted, any of his Majesty's Ships of War, or any Ship or Vessel whatsoever being the Property of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or of any of the Royal Family; nor to charge therewith any Ship or Vessel coming to or going Coastwise from the Port of London, or to any Part of Great Britain, unless such Ship or Vessel shall exceed forty-five Tons, Register Tonnage; nor any Veil'd bringing Corn Coastwise, the principal Part of whose Cargo shall consist of Corn; nor any Fishing Smacks, Lobster and Oyster Boats, or Vessels for Passengers; nor any Vessel or Veflcs, or Craft navigating the River Thames above and below London Bridge, as far as Gravfendonly.

CXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in Consideration of the Security, Accommodation, and Tran fit Rates Dispatch, which will produced by Means of the said intended Canal, as a shorter, safer, and more expeditious Pal|,n5 _ Paiiage for Ships and Vessels to and from the said Port, than the present circuitous and dangerous Course canal5- to com* round the said Isle of Dogs, and in Consideration of the great Charges and Expences which will be occasioned mtnce’ at the by maintaining, repairing, improving, and managing the said Canal, and such Cuts and other Works, as End of three may render such Passage commodious and eligible, and by providing and keeping a sufficient Number of Lock Years after the Keepers and other O dicers and Servants, and of Draught Horses, for the Abidance and proper Accom- Canal is commodation of Vessels in such Passage, it shall be lawful for the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of j

the City of London, and their Successors, from Time to Time, and at all Times, from and after the Expi- L * 5 ration of the Terirt of three Years next ensuing the Time when the said Canal shall be first ready for Use, and Notice shall have been given of the same in the London Gazette, and two or more Publick Morning Newspapers usually circulated in London, toafk, demand, take, and receive, for the Purposes of tins Act, over and above the Rates and Duties herein before made payable of and from all Ships, Vessels, and Craft, which shall enter and make use of the said intended Canal, any Rate ot Rates not exceeding the following Rates;

(that is to say,)

For every Ship or Vessel, Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, loaden or unloaden, entering the said Canal, if of two hundred Tons or upwards, (Register Meaflirement,) two Pence per Ton:

If of one hundred Tons, and under two hundred Tons, (Register Measurement,) one Penny Halfpenny per Ton:

If of fifty Tons, and under one hundred Tons, (Register Measurement,) the Sum often Shillings:

All Vessels carrying Sail, if of twenty Tons, and under fifty Tons, the Sum of five Shillings:

And every Lighter, Barge, Boat, or Craft, which shall be rowed through the said Canal by any of the Persons using the same, the Sum of one Shilling:

Which said Rates or Duties shall be, and are hereby vested in the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors, as their own proper Monies, but for the Purposes of this Act, and shall be paid upon such Ships or other Vessels entering within any Lock or Flood Gate of the said Canal, or at such other Time or Times as the said Mayor, Aldermen, Tand Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall appoint for such Payment, and shall be payable and paid once only for each and every such Transit or Passage as aforesaid, across the said Isle of Dogs, whether upwards or downwards; and such Rates or Duties, so last hereby granted, shall be paid over, as soon as conveniently may be, by the Collectors thereof, or other proper Officers, into the Receipt of the Chamber of the said City of London.

CXXXVII. And in Consideration of the great Charges and Expences which the making, building, Rate of 6s. 8d. c erecting, and providing of such Docks, Basons, Cuts, Quays or Wharfs, Warehouses, Sluices, Bridges, T®n»

Roads, and other Works, authorised and intended to be made by the said Directors as aforesaid, and the p^M to the

supporting, maintaining, and keeping of the same in Repair for the future, will amount unto Be it further company by enacted, That, from and after Notice of the Completion of the same last mentioned Docks, and other Ships using the Works, shall have been given by Publick Advertisement in the London Gazette, and two or more Publick Morning Newspapers usually circulated in London^ as before directed, there shall be payable and paid to the said West India Dock Company, or to their Collectors, Receivers, or Agents, for their Use, for every Ship or Vessel entering into, and using, any of the said intended Docks, or any of the Basons or Cuts which shall belong thereto, by the Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, or by the Owner or Owners thereof, (over and above the Rates and Duties herein-before granted to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens,) the Rate or Duty of six Shillings and eight Pence for every Ton of the Burden of such Ship or Vessel, except in such Cases as are hereafter excepted or otherwise provided for; which Rate or Duty shall be levied and collected as herein after is directed, and shall be accepted and taken for and in Satisfaction of the Use and Conveniency of the said Docks, and all Charges and Expences of the navigating, mooring, unmooring, removing, and Management, of such Ship or Vessel, from her Arrival at the Entrance into the Docks at Biaehuall, until such Shipor Vessel shall be unloaded and moored in the Dock for light Ships or Vessels, and also of the unloading or unshipping of her Cargo within the said Dock$, and the Landing Waiter’s Fees on account thereof, and the Cooperate and Hoops and Nails which such Cargo may require in the Course of such unlading thereof, together with the Use of the Light Dock for any Space of Time not exceeding six Months from the Time of unloading such Ship or Vessel: And that, from and after such Notice being given Rates appoint-as last aforesaid, there shall also be payable and paid to the said West India Dock Company, or to their td lo h- i>aid to Collectors, Receivers, or Agents, for their Use, for all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported from the j.lK£om^.ny West Indies, which shall be landed, unshipped, or discharged from on board of any Ship or Vessel entering portedTrom11" into and using any of the said intended Docks, or any of the Basons or Cuts which shall belong thereto, by the West indi«

and larked

250

discharged within the Docks.

Lift of Rates.

How and where to be paid.

C, lxix.

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

the Owner or Owners, Consignee or Consignees of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes respectively, (over and above the Rates and Duties herein-before granted,) the several Rates or Duties herein after particularly rated and described 5 (that is to lay,)

For Aloes

Balsam, Natural Cassia

Cortex Winteranus

Cocoa

Coffee -

Cotton Wool Dyers Woods ’ Ginger -

Gum Guiacum Hides -

Indigo

Marmalade -

Oil, Castor,

Pimento Rum -

Sarsaparilla Sugar

Succads (in Boxes)

Tamarinds, or Succads (in Jars) Tortoise Shell Turmeric

And for Wine, including Madeira, -

- 4

- 4

- 4

- 4

- 1

- 1

- 2

- o

- 3 4

- o

- 2

- 2

- 2

- 3

- o

- 6

- o

- 5

- 2

- 5

- 4

o

>per Hundred Weight

d.

8'

8 8 8 6 6 6 6

8J

6 per Dozen.

6 per Hundred Weight*

t}p‘rJ"-

2 per Hundred Weight. 1 per Gallon.

8 >per Hundred Weight* 6 per Jar.

g per Hundred Weight.

per Gallon.

For every Calk, Case, Bundle, Bale, or other Package, containing any Article of Merchandize not otherwise specified or described in this T‘able, being of the Weight of two.hundred, or upwards, five Shillings:

For every such Calk, Case, Bundle, Bale, or other Package, being under the Weight of two hundred, two Shillings and Sixpence:

For any Article of Merchandize brought loose, (except Wood',) not otherwise specified or described in this Table, and subject to any Duty of Customs chargeable according to the Weight, for every hundred, one Shilling:

For any Article of Merchandize brought loose, not herein-before specified or described, whether subjecto any Duty of Customs or not, and which shall be landed within the Dock Premises, there shall be coiledei and paid a Rate or Duty not exceeding the Rate or Charge heretofore usually paid in the Port of London, for Lighterage, Landing, Loading, and Housing of any such Article.

Which Rates or Duties shall be levied and collected as herein after is expressed, and shall be accepted and taken for and in respect of the Use and Conveniency of the said Docks, and the Quays, Wharfs, and Cranes* and other Machines which shall belong thereto, and the Land Waiter’s Fees on Account of such Goods

v in uic uuu 9 vw cucijuuics, aim

all Charges of delivering the same from the said Warehouses: and which said Rate or Duty of six Shillings and eight Pence ter Ton, and the said several other Rates or Duties last herein-before granted, shall be and are hereby vested in the said West India Dock Company, and their Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, (holding for the Time being Shares of the aforesaid Capital Stock,) as their own proper Monies, but for the Purposes herein after mentioned; and the said Rate or Duty of six Shillings and eight Pence per Ton shall be paid at the Time of each Ship's or other VeflePs Entry Inwards or Clearsnice Outwards, at the Custom House in the Port of London, to the Officer or Person appointed to collect and receive the same, under such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions as are by this Act directed and required with regard to the entering Inwards and clearing Outwards of Ships or other Vessels, on which other Rates and Duties are by this Act imposed; or for Want of such Entry, then at any Time before such Ships or Vessels respectively shall fail or proceed from the said Docks or Basons, so as no Ship or other Vessel shall be subject or liable to the Payment of the said Rate or Duty of (ix Shillings and eight Pence per Ton more than once for every Voyage, both Out and Home inclusive; and the Rates or Duties hereby granted in respect of such of the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize to be imported from the West Indies, as shall be fuojed to the Payment of any Duty to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be payable and paid, when the Pcft Entry of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be made, at the said Custom House, to the Officer or Person appointed to collect and receive the same; and the Rates or Duties hereby granted in respect of such of the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize as shall not be subject to the Payment of any Duty to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be payable and paid before such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize respectively shall be taken from the said Dock Premises; Provided always, That when and so often as any Ship or other Vessel arriving in the said Docks shall not be fully laden, the said Rate of six Shillings and eight Pence per Ton shall only be collected and paid for and in Proportion to the actual Tonnage of the Cargo

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. lxix. 251

imported in such Vessel, and not upon the Register Tonnage thereof; and that with respect to such Shins or Vessels as shall arrive in any of the said Docks, from any other Part or Parts of the World than the West Indies, with Goods, Wares, or Merchandize on board, of the Growth or Produce of the West Indies, the said Rate or Duty of six Shillings and eight Pence per 'Von shall be payable only for and in Proportion to the Quantity of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the Growth or Produce of the West Indies, on board of the same Ships respectively; (that is to say,) six Shillings and eight Pence for evety Ton of the same Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, and not otherwise.

CXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act shall not extend to charge with the said Rate or Duty of six Shillings and eight Pence per Ton herein-before granted,'any Lighters or Craft entering into the said Docks, or Basons, or Cuts, to convey, deliver, discharge, or receive Ballail or Goods, to, or from onboard of, any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels.

CXXXIX. And, to the Intent that the Rates or Duties imposed by this Act may be more effectually collected and levied,’ be it further enacted, That in case any Owner or Owners, or Master, or other Person having the Charge or Command of any Ship or other Vessel, charged or chargeable with any of the Rates or Duties granted by this Act, shall refuse or neglect to pay the same, then, and in every such Case, it shall from Time to Time be lawful for the Collector or Collectors to be duly appointed in pursuance of this Act, to go on board such Ship or other Vessel, to demand, collect, and receive the said Rates or Duties, and on ' Non-payment thereof to take and distrain such Ship or other Vessel, and all her Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture thereto belonging, or any Part thereof, and the same to detain until the respective Rates or Duties shall be satisfied and paid; and in case of any Neglect or Default in Payment of the said Rates or Duties, for the Space of five Days after any Distress or Distresses so made or taken, that then it shall be lawful for the said Collector or Collectors to cause the same to be appraised by two or more Sworn Appraisers, or other sufficient Persons, not interested therein, and afterwards to sell the said Distress or Distresses, and therewith to satisfy himself or themselves, as well for and in respect of the Rates or Duties so neglected or refused to be paid, and for which such Distrefe or Distresses shall have been made or taken as aforesaid, as also for and in respect of his or their reasonable Charges in taking, keeping, appraising, and felli ng the same, rendering the Overplus (if any there be) to the Master, Commander, Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, upon Demand*

CXL. And be it further enacted, That if any Master, Owner or Owners, or other Person or Persons having the Charge or Command of any Ship or other Vessel, shall by any Means whatsoever, at any Time or Times elude or evade the Payment of the Rates or Duties hereby made payable, or any Part thereof, each and every Person eluding or evading Payment as aforesaid, shall (land charged with, and be liable to the Payment of the same; and such Rates and Duties fhalV and may be recovered from such Master, or Owner or Owners respectively, by the same Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as areberein-after directed for levying and recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted, or authorised to be imposed.

Tonnage or Admeasurement of Ships shall be ascertained by the certified Tonnage in the Ship’s Register, or in case of Dispute, according to z6 Geo. III. Cap. 60. §141. Collectors, dsfe. to have Access to Registers of Ships at the Custom House. §142. Power to Collectors, &c. to measure, dsfc. Ships and Vef- (els. Penalty on any Person obstructing such measuring, fc?c. not exceeding 10l. §143."

CXLIV. And, to the Intent that the Rates or Duties by this Act imposed, may be duly accounted for and paid,’ be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Collector of his Majesty's Customs, Inwards or Cpaftwife, in the Port of London, shall, on any Pretence whatever, permit or allow any Shipor Vessel on which Duties of Tonnage are by this Act imposed, to be entered Inwards from Foreign Parts or Coastwise, unless and until the Master or other Person having Charge of any such Ship or Vessel shall have paid the Duties of Tonnage by this Act imposed, and shall have produced to the said Collector a Certificate, under the Hand of chc Officer or Person appointed under the Authority of this Act to collect and receive the said Duties, certifying that the Duties due and payable by virtue of this Act, on account of any such Ship or Vessel have been fully paid; nor shall any Co.iector of his Majesty's Customs Outwards or Coastwise in the Port of Londoon any Pretence whatever, permit or allow any Ship or Vessel, on which Duties of Tonnage are by this Act imposed, to be cleared outwards, unless and until the Master or other Person having Charge of any such Ship or Vessel shall have paid to the Officer or Person appointed under the Authority of this Act to receive the samp, the full Duties of Tonnage by this Act imposed, with regard to any such Ship or Vessel, which Payment shall be made appear by the Signature of the Officer or Person (o appointed to receive such Duties to the Manfeft, Content, Cocket, Sufferance, or other Documents, which must necessarily be produced to the said Col!e£or at the Time of clearing any such Ship or Vessel, either Outwards to Foreign Parts, or Coastwise Outwards, as the Case may be; which rest>ective Certificates and Signatures such Officers or Persons appointed, under the Authority of this Act, to receive the said Duties are hereby required to sign and give accordingly without Fee or Reward, upon Pain of Forfeiture of twenty Pounds, together with the Coflsof Suit; and which Sum when forfeited shall be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Wager of Law, Privilege, or Protection, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

Exemption

Manner of recovering Rates*

Persons clod in5 the Payment to. continue chargeable.

Custom House Officers not to discharge any Vessel before Duties paid.

Matters of Vef. fcls to produce Certificates or certain other written Evidence of such Payment, which the Receivers of the Duties must give.

Penalty on Refusal 10l.

Common Council empowered to lewer or discontinue and again raise and revive the Transit Rates granted €t to the Corporation, so as m case of railing the y shall not be higher than as expressed in the Table. §145. 44 Directors may in like Manner vary the Rates, so as every Alteration be approved of by the Company.

[Sttftf § *55 ]

Roads which shall hclor5 to the Works may K ufeed by the PuM.ck.and the !Navigatior of the Canal :o be free, fu^jid to Regulations of Common Council under this Act.

72,000l. may

be advanced out of the Consolidated Fund lor providing Monty to be applied by the Common Council in paying Half the Expences of this Act,(7ce§ 160.) and then in purchasing Land, and in making, maintaining, and managing, the Canal for three Years, and in paying during that Term such Compensations as are to be paid by the Corporation of London.

And also such Sums as may be needful kr General Compensations, including those of the Crown, and Lord Gwydir, in respect of Mooring Chains.

The Torn.* pc L utiei payable to his Majesty fh^il lxr aj>} lied in iniinf lining flic Mot-ring Chains, ar.d

r..ying the Saints ol Harbour M.ifUrs, and a. icpiac.ng

C lxix. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

CXLVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons shall have free Liberty with Horses, Castle, or Carriages, to use the Roads and Ways which shall belong to the said intended Worksre-fpcbtively, (except the Towing Paths of the Canal, and the private Ways which shall belong to the Dock Premises,) and with Ships, Lighters, Barges, Boats, and other Vessels, to use the said Canal, for the Purpose of conveying Corn, Ccais, Timoer, and all other Goods and Things, and the said Towing Paths for haling and drawing such Ships, Lighters, Barges, Boats, or other Vessels, with Men or with Horses, or o:hcr Castle, subject to the Rules and Regulations which shall, from Time to Time, be made by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Coinmun Council anembled, by virtue of the Powers granted by this AbL

In case the whole Capital of 500,000l. shall not be raised, or be' found insufficient for making the Docks, 44 ds'e. the Company may borrow 100,000l. mofb, and aPign the Dock Rates as a Security. Borm of the 4 Alignment. Persons taking such Alignments to be entitled to their respective Proportions of the Dock Rates. §148. Proper Entries of such Alignments to be made by the Company’s Cleric; and such Af- signments to be transferable by lndorfcmctu- B onn of Inducement. Indorsement to be notified and entered within fourteen Days, by the Clerk. §149. interest on Monies borrowed to be paid half-yearly in Preference to the Dividends. §150."

CLI. And, for more readily, and effectually accomplishing the Purposes of this AbV be it further enacted, That there shall he advanced and paid from and out of all or any of the Duties, Revenues, and Incomes, composing the Fund called The Consolidated Fund, upon the Credit of, and to be replaced to the said Fund by, the Rates and Duties hereby granted, or made payable to his Majesty, his He rs and Sue -ceflors, any such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of seventy-two thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, as shall be necessary and sufficient for the Purposes next herein after mentioned; the same to be paid by the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, into the Chamber of the City of London, from Time to Time, as and when wanted, and to be applied and disposed of by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, as follows; (that is to say,) in the iirft Place, in paying one equal Half Part of the Charges and Expences incident to and incurred in obtaining and passing this Aand afterwards in purchasing and paying for the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors as aforesaid, and in defraying the other Costs and Charges incident to such Purchases, and in paying and discharging the necessary Charges and Expences of designing, laying out, making, and completing the said Canal, Cuts, and other Works, which are to be made and done by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, in pursuance of this Abb; and afterwards in paying, satisfying, and discharging all the necessary Charges and Expences of attending, managing, regulating, maintaining, repairing, and preserving the same Canal, Cuts^ and other Works, for the Term of three Years next ensuing the Time when such publick Notice as aforesaid shall be given of the said Canal being ready for Use, and until the said Transit Rates shall become payable to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens as aforesaid; and also in paying for and during the same Term of three Years such yearly or other Sums of Money as are herein-before directed to be paid by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors, as and for Compensations for Losses, and Deficiencies of Tithes, Taxes, Sewer Rates, and other Rates and Assessments.

CLII. And, in order that the Commissioners herein-before appointed, and which shall hereafter be appointed as aforesaid, may be enabled to make the Compensations by this Act entrusted to the Care and Management of such Commissioners, be it further enacted, That there shall also be advanced and paid, from and out of all or any of the Duties, Revenues, and Incomes, composing the P'und called The Gonjoli-dated Fund, upon the Credit of, and to be replaced to the said P'und by, the Rates and Duties hereby granted or made payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be necessary and sufficient for making, paying, and satisfying all such last mentioned Compensations respectively, including those herein-before directed to be made to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the said Peter Lord Gwydir, and his Assigns, in respect of Mooring Chains, and for defraying the necessary Costs of managing, ascertaining, paving, and making the same reflectively; and which Sum and Sums of Money shall be from Time to Time issuej, paid, applied, and disposed of by the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, as the said Commissioners, or any five or mbre of them, shall direct, in and about the paying and making of such last mentioned Compensations, according to the Directions and true Meaning of this Act, until all the same Compensations shall have been paid and satisfied.

Commissioners Clerk to keep Accounts of Compensation Monies. §153."

CLIV. And be it further enacted, That the Monies which shall from Time to Time be received and produced from and by the Rates and Duties granted or made payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by this Act, thill he applied and disposed of in the Manner following; (that is to say), in the first: Place (b much thereof ih-dl be paid into the Chamber of the City of London as shall be sufficient, from Time to Time, not only for di.irr.ying all the necessary Costs and Charges of maintaining, repairing, altering, and renewing the Mooting Chains now lying-, and which shall hereafter lie, or be in the River Thames, and of laying down, from Time to Time, new or other Mooring Chains therein as and when necessary for the Use or the Shipping in the said River, but also for paying the Salaries and Wages of the said Harbour Matters* and their Afiiihn:*, pursuant to tills Act; and the Monies so to be paid into the said Chamber,

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. lxix.

shall he paid and applied by the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and their Successors, in defraying the same Costs and Charges, and paying the same Salaries and Wages accordingly 3 and ful jevjt thereto, the Residue or Overplus of such Monies so to be received and produced, shall be applied, fruin Time to Time, in repaying and replacing to the said Consolidated Fund all such Sums of, Money as shall be advanced and paid thereout in pursuance of this Act, with Interest for the same respectively in the mean Time, at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum: And when all the Monies which shall be so as aforesaid advanced and paid out of the said Consolidated Fund shall, by the Means lad mentioned, or otherwise, be fully repaid, with Interest as aforesaid, then and from thenceforth such Rdi-due or Overplus of the said Monies to be received and produced from and by the said Rates and Duties by this Act granted or made payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall, from Time to Time, as and when received, be laid out or inverted in the Purchase of Stock in some of the Publick Stocks or Funds, or upon Government or real Securities, at Interest, in the Names of the Chamberlain, Town Clerk, and Comptroller of the Chamber of the City of London, for the Time being, who shall, from Time to Time, lay out or invert the yearly Dividends or Interest of the Stocks, Funds, and Securities so purchased in their Names, in like Manner, for the Purpose of Accumulation, until the yearly Dividends and Interest of all the Stocks, Funds, and Securities so purchased, shall be sufficient for the Payment of the said Costs and Charge* of maintaining, repairing, altering, and renewing the said Mooring Chains, and laying down others as aforesaid, and the Payment of the Salaries and Wages of the said Harbour Masters and their Assistants; and when and so soon as the same yearly Dividends and Interest shall be fully sufficient for the Purports last mentioned, then and from thenceforth the several Rates and Duties by this Act granted or made payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall cease, and be no longer paid or payable 3 any Thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CLV. And be it further enacted, That the Monies which shall from Time to Time be received by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors, from and by the said Transit Rates hereby granted or made payable to them, and such other Monies as shall be received by them by virtue of this Act, and not be otherwise applied or applicable in pursuance thereof, shall, from imeto Time, after Payment of the Charges of collecting and receiving the same, be applied, in the first Place, in paying such yearly or other Sums of Money as are herein-before directed to be paid by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors, as and for Compensations for Losses and Deficiencies of Tithes, Taxes, Sewer Rates, and other Rates and Assessments, and afterwards in paying, satisfying, and discharging the necessary Charges and Expences of attending, managing, and regulating, (after being finished,) and maintaining, repairing, preserving, and improving, the said Canal, Cuts, Mooring Chains, and other Works and Improvements, which are to be made, done, and managed, by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in pursuance of this Act, including all Charges of towing Ships, and opening and shutting Flood Gates on the said Canal; and that all the Residue or Surplus of such Monies shall from Time to Time be applied in or towards executing such of the other Purposes of this Act as are to be executed by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or by or at the Charges of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London: And in case and when the Monies so to be received by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors, shall be more than sufficient for the several Purposes last mentioned, then and in such Case the Overplus of such Monies shall from Time to Time belaid out in the Purchase of Stock, in some of the Publick Stocks or Funds, or upon Government or real Securities, at Interest, in the Names of the Chamberlain, Town Clerk, and Comptroller of the Chamber of the City of London, for the Time being; and the yearly Dividends and Interest of the Stocks, Funds, and Securities, so to be purchased, shall be applied and disposed of in such and the same Manner, in all Respects, as the Monies to be received by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, from and by the said Transit Rates, are herein-before directed to be applied and disposed of; and in case and when such yearly Dividends and Interest, together with the yearly Income arising from the said Transit Rates, shall be found Co be more than sufficient for the several Purposes for and towards which the said Monies arising from the said Transit Rates are hereby made payable and applicable, the said Transit Rates by this Act made payable to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors, shall be lowered in the Manner herein-before directed, sofar as the same can, under the then existing Circumstances, be done with Prudence and Safety: Provided always, That whensoever after any such Stocks, Funds, or Securities, shall be so purchased, the yearly Dividends and Interest thereof, together with the yearly Income arising from the said Transit Rates, shall be found inefficient for the Purports last mentioned, it shall be lawful for the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors, to cause the said Stocks, Funds, and Securities, or a sufficient Part thereof, to be sold out, to make good the Deficiency, and to apply the Money arising by such Sale in the same Manner as the Monies arising from the said Transit Rates are hereby made applicable.

cC The Corporation of London answerable out of the Revenue of the Corporation, in case of Misapplication 4< of Monies to be received by them. §156. Chamberlain to keep Accounts of Receipts and Disburse-4< ments. §157."

CLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Works her.cin-before authorised and directed to be made and done determined by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall be begun as soon as possible after the passing of this Act, and completed with all convenient Dispatch; and that after the said Works shall be begun, and until the same shall be completed, the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons shall lay before each House of Parliament, and also before the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, yearly, within fourteen Days next after the

253

the Monies which are to be advanced our of the Confoimated Fund in pursuance of this Act, and then in making a Fund for maintaining the Mooting Chains, and paying the Salaries of Harbour Matters*

Application of the Transit Rates.

A Statement of the Canal and Works to be laid before Parliament and tltc Treasury yearly.

254

Chamberlain to lay an Account before Parliament yearly.

Application of the Monies to be received by the West India Dock Company under this Act.

Penalty on tinkers nvfap* plying Monies.

For the Recovery of iia]aru.cg due from Harbour Masters, ft;. dyin^ or be conbrg U-wikiu^ts.

C. lxix. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Commencement of every Session of Parliament, a true Statement of the Progress of the same last mentioned Works.

CLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Chamberlain of the said City of London shall yearly, after the last mentioned Works shall be begun, lay before each House of Parliament, and also before the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, a true Account of the Receipt and Application of all Monies which shall be received by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors, by virtue of this Act.

CLX. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, subscribed or intended to be subscribed or contributed by the said West India Dock Company, for their Capital or Joint Stock, and all other. Monies which shall be hereafter subscribed by them, for increasing their Capital as aforesaid, together with the several Sums of Money to be produced and received by and from, and raised and borrowed upon the Credit of, the Rates and Duties granted or made payable to the said Company by this Act, shall form and become one aggregate consolidated Fund; and all the Monies which shall be subscribed, collected, received, levied, Yaiied, and borrowed by the said Company, or by the said Directors, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall be applied and disposed of in the first Place in paying the remaining equal Half Part* or Share of the Charges and Expences incident to and incurred in obtaining and palTing this Act; and afterwards in paying and discharging the Confutation or Purchase Money, and the other Costs and Charges incident to the purchasing and obtaining Conveyances of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall be purchased for the Use of, and conveyed or vested in Trust for the said West India Dock Company as aforesaid; and in the next Place, in paying the Interest of the Monies which shall be borrowed by the said Company upon the Credit of the last mentioned Rates and Duties, if any shall be so borrowed, and the Interest or Dividends upon the Principal Monies, which, for the Time being, shall be so subscribed by the Members of the said Company, and actually paid as aforesaid, or upon their Capital or Joint Stock, and in paying such yearly or other Sums of Money as are herein-before directed to be paid by the said West India Dock Company as and for Compensations for Losses and Deficiencies of Tithes, Taxes, Sewer Rates, and other Rates and Assessments; and subject thereto, then in defraying the necessary Charges and Expences of making, completing, maintaining and supporting, and attending, managing, and regulating, the said Docks, Basons, Cuts, Quays, Wharfs, Warehouses, and other Works, which at e to be made and done by the said Directors in pursuance of this Act, and of any such Extensions and Improvements of the same respectively, as the said Directors may, from Time to Time, think necessary; and that the Residue or Surplus of such Monies shall, from Time to Time, be applied in or towards the Re-payment of the Principal Monies, which shall be borrowed by the said Company, upon the Credit of the Rates and Duties hereby granted to them, until all the same Principal Monies shall be repaid, and in or towards executing such of the other Purposes of this Act as are to be executed by the said Directors, or by and at the Charges of the West India Dock Company: And when by the Means last mentioned or otherwise, the Principal Monies so tojbe borrowed by the said Company, shall be all repaid as aforesaid, then and in such Case the Rates and Duties by this Act granted to the said Company, shall be lowered in the Manner herein-before directed, as far as the same can, under the then existing Circumstances, be done with Prudence and Safety.

" Clerk of the Company to keep Accounts of Receipts and Disbursements. §161. The Dock Company’s 4t Works to be executed aS soon as possible, and a Statement of the Progress thereof to be laid before Par-€i liament yearly. §162.

[See §158 ] Directors to lay an Account before Parliament yearly. §*163. 44 Common Council empowered to appoint Committees to transact Business under this Act. §164. Persons interested in Contracts, not eligible on such Committees. $ 165. Committees may employ and contract with any fit Persons whether Freemen of London or not. §166. Directions for giving Notice of Contrails by such Committees. §167. Power to the Common Council to appoint Clerks, Collectors, Treasurers, a ’.d other Officers, taking Security; and to allow them Salaries. §168. The Directors of the Dock Company empowered to appoint Clerks, Treasurers, and other Officers for the Company, taking Security, and to allow them Salaries. §169. Commissioners of Compensations to appoint Clerks, OY. taking Security, and to allow them Salaries. §170."

CLXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Chamberlain of the said City of London, or other Officer or Person aforesaid, shall, after Receipt of any of the Monies to arise and be received by virtue of this Act, divert or misapply the same, or any Part thereof, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then and in every such Case, such Chamberlain or other Officer or Person aforesaid, so diverting or misapplying the said Money, shall forfeit Treble the Sum so misapplied, with full Costs of Suit; which said Forfeitures shall or may be recovered by the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or their Successors, or by the Treasurer, Clerk, or Steward, for the Time being, of the said Company, or by any of the Creditors of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or of their Successors, or of the said Company, or by the Executors, Administr^tors, or Assigns, of any such Creditor or Creditors, as the Case may be and require, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and all such Forfeitures shall be applied for and towards the Purposes of this Act.

CLXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Harbour Master, Dock Master, Collector, or other Officer to be appointed in Execution of this Add, shall happen to die or become Bankrupt before he shall have fully paid and satisfied all the Money oy him received by virtue and for any of the Purposes of this Act, then, and in every such Case, the Executors or Administrators, or other legal Representative or Representatives of such Harbour Master, Dock Master, Collector, or other Officer, or the Person or Persons possessing

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. lxix.

his Estate and Effectss, shall, in the first Place, put of such Estate and Effects, after Payment of all Debts due to the Crown, pay unto the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being, or to the Treasurer for the Time being of the said Company, as the Case may require, all such Sums received for and belonging to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and the West India Dock Com-

S, or either of them, by virtue of this Act, as were in the Hands of such Harbour Master, Dock Master, fflor, or other Officer, at the Time of his Death; and the Assignee or Assignees of his or their Estate and Effects, in case of Bankruptcy, shall, after paying to the petitioning Creditor or Creditors, his, her, or their Costs of suing out and prosecuting the Commission against such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, in the next place pay unto the said Chamberlain* or unto the said Treasurer, as the Case may require, all such Sums of Money so in the Hands of such Harbour Master, Dock Master, Collector, or other Officer, at the Time of the suing out of any such Commission of Bankruptcy against him, or so much thereof as the said Estate or Effects will extend to pay; and the Receipt of the said Chamberlain, or Treasurer shall be'a good Discharge for the said Money; and such Executors or Administrators, Assignee or Assignees, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, may, to any Action or Suit commenced or brought against him or them, plead or give in Evidence the Payment of the same, and shall be allowed such Payment out of the Estate and Effects of such Harbour Master, Dock Master, Collector, or other Officer, prior to any other Debt or Demand whatsoever; and in case of Non-payment of the same by the Space of thirty Days after the same shall be demanded, it shall be lawful for the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled, or for the said Treasurer, as the Case may require, to commence and prosecute one or more Action or Actions for the same, in the Name of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, (if for their Benefit,) or in the said Treasurer's own Name, (if commenced by him,) in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, against such Executors or Administrators, Assignee or Assignees, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid.

CLXXIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to deprive the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or their Successors, or the said Company, of any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, against the Surety or Sureties of any Harbour Master, Dock Master, Collector, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, to be appointed in Execution of this Act, for the Nonperformance of any Covenant or Agreement entered into by such Harbour Master, Dock Master, Collector, or other Person or Persons, to be appointed as aforesaid, or his or their Surety or Sureties, touching any Thing to be done under or in pursuance of this Act.

*For saving the Rights of the Trinity House. §174.’*

CLXXV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing- in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice or derogate from the Estates, Rights, Interests, Privileges, Franchises, or Authority of the King’s Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, (except as to the said Mooring Chains,) or of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or their Successors, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, or to prohibit, defeat, alter, or diminish, any Power, Authority, or Jurisdiction, which, at the Time of making this Act, his Majesty, (excepting as aforesaid,) or the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, as Conservators of the River of Thames, and Waters of Medway, did or might lawfully claim, use, or exercise; and further, that it shall be lawful for the Lord Mayor of the said City, for the Time being in like Manner as he hath used to do in other cases, to enquire of, hear* and determine, by Presentment or Indictment, taken before him as Conservator of the said River and Waters* all Offences contrary to this Act, or such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as shall be made as aforesaid, and upon Conviiftion of the Offender or Offenders, to impose a Penalty or Penalties on him, her* or them, not exceeding the Penalty or Penalties hereby influfted, or which shall be inflicted, in and by the said Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, for such Offence or Offences; but no Person shall be punished twice for one and the same Offence.

This Act not to extend to prevent the Admiralty from laying down Mooring Chains below Greenland Dock for the Use of the King’s Ships. §176. Power to Justices to mitigate Penalties or Forfeitures one Half. §177. Parties aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions, giving fourteen Days Notice. $ 178. 44 Penalties and Forfeitures may be recovered by Distress and Sale. % 179. Distress not to be. deemed un- lawful for Want of Form. §180. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of Form. §181

CLXXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred, inflicted, and paid or levied, for any Offence or Offences which shall be committed against this Act, in Prejudice of any X>t the Works or Improvements hereby authorised to be made or done by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or contrary to or in Breach of any of the Regulations and Directions hereby enacted concerning the same Works and Improvements respectively, or contrary to or in Breach of any of the Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, to be hereafter made by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall, when not hereby otherwise directed to be paid and applied, be paid and disposed of, one Half to the Informer, and the other Half into the Receipt of the Chamber of the City of London, to be applied towards the Maintenance, Preservation, and Management of the Mooring Chains in the River Thames, and if there shall be any Surplus thereof remaining over and above what shall be necessary for such Maintenance, Preservation, and Management of the said Mooring Chains, the same shall go and be applied in the same Manner as the Monies to arise from the Transit Rates hereby made payable to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors, are hereby directed to be applied, and in Aid thereof: And that all Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred, inflicted, and

255

Nothing in tfiir Act contained is to prejudice any Remedy against the Sureties of Officers.

Rights of his Majesty and the Corporation of London not to be prejudiced.

Lord Mayor empowered as Conservator of the River Thames, to puniffi Offences against this Act, &c.

Application of Penalties and Forfeitures.

256 C. lxix - lxxiii. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

paid or levied, for any Offence or Offences which shall be committed against this Act, in Prejudice of any of the Works or Improvements hereby authorised to be made or done by the said Directors, or contrary to or in Breach of any of the Regulations and Directions hereby enacted relating to or concerning the same Works and Improvements respectively, or contrary to or in Breach of any of the By$ Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, to be hereafter made by the said Directors, or any five or more of them, or by the said Company, shall, if not hereby otherwise directed to be paid and applied, be paid and disposed of in the Manner following; that is to say, such of the said Penalties and Forfeitures as shall respectively exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, shall be paid to or for the Use of the said Company, and be applied in such Manner as their other Monies; and such of the said Penalties and Forfeitures as shall not respectively exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, shall be paid and disposed of, one Half to the Relief of the Seamen, Lighter* men, Watermen, or other Persons, maimed or disabled by Accident in the Dock Premises, or the Widows or Families of such of them as may have been killed, or may have died therein, and the other Half to the disabled and worn-out Servants of the said Company or their Families; and both such Halves (half be under the Management and Direction of the said Directors.

Punishment of Perjury for giving false Evidence or swearing falsely; §183. The Treasurer of the Dock Company may be made the nominal Plaintiff or Defendant in Actions, and Suits to be brought by or against the Company. §184. Act of 24 Geo. II. c. 44. for rendering just ces of the Peace more lafe in the Execution of their Office, extended to this Act; and as to Actions brought for any Thing done in

[Publick Act.]

pursuance of this Act. General issue may be pleaded. Treble Costs. j 185. §186.*

---

Cap. lxx.

An act for enabling the Grimsby Haven Company to finish and complete the Navigation of the said Haven, and for amending an act passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening, deepening, enlarging, altering, and improving, the Haven of the Town and Port of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln.

[12th July 1799.]

[36 Geo. 3. c. 96.]

Cap. lxxi.

An Act for empowering the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation to repay, into the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, the Sum advanced to them for the Purpose or completing the said Navigation; for repealing so much of an Act, of the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty, as relates to the said Company; and for enabling the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer to advance Part of the Sum so to be received to the Company of Proprietors of the Crinan Canal, on certain Conditions.

[12th 1799.]

Cap. lxxii.

An act for settling the Right of Patronage or Presentation of or to the new Chapel of Cradley, in that Part of the Parish of Halesowen which lies in the County and Diocese of Worcester, and for other Purposes.

[12th July 1799.]

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Tunnel or Road under the River Thames, from or near to the Town of Gravesend, in the County of Kent, to or near to Tilbury Fort, in the County of Essex.

[12th July 1799.]

---

WHEREAS the making and maintaining of a Tunnel or Road, of a convenient Breadth for the

Paffaee of Castle and Carriages, under the River Thames, from or near to Gravesend, in the County of Kent, to or near toTilbury Fort, in the County of Essex, in such Manner that an uninterrupted Land Communication might be opened between the opposite Shores of the Counties of Kent and Essex, would be attended not only with great Advantage to those particular Counties, but would also be of great National Advantage as a Military Road or Pass: But the same cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Honourable John Thomas Townshend, the Honourable Robert Petre, Sir William Geary Baronet, Joseph Alder, Robert Anderson, John Andrews, John Julius Angerstein, Armjhong and IVyatt, Thomas Henry Anjlen, Robert Barrowdell, Charles Beckett, Thomas Michael Baker, Guflavvy Belford, John Bentley, R. junior, Alexander Black, James Black, Henry Bonham, Booth, Kirk Boot, JcJeph Bouider-

Jon, John Brichuood junior, John Brenchley, Alexander Brodie, Cameron, John Carfzairs, James

Carden, R. and G. Clarkson, William Coleman, F. Coleman, Thomas Colyer fenioi, William Colyer, Isaac Currie, Timothy Curtis, Thomas Dalton, William Daniel, Craujord Davison, Henry Durlot, James f hnv-

Jon, IVyatt John Dobbs, Thomas Dyne, Anthony Eglint on, Charles B. Eilis, Samuel Etheridge, IK EE am Farley, George Forbes, George Fryer, William Gar row, Peter Gedge, Corporation of Gravesend and Milton, George Gilbert, Nicholas Gilbee, James Gilbee, Gabriel Gillett, George Glenny, Richard Hail Gowers, Green junior, George Grote, "Thomas Hall, Richard Hardinge, Anthony Harman, Benjamin Harrison, William Harris, George Hawks, Robert Harris, Hanjon, Thomas Hawens, Samuel Hazard,

Robert Herring, John Hibbert, William Hilton, John Flow, Hu Ikes, Ha Ikes, Join

Humble, Geer re Jeffreys, John Jfferys, Robert Jenner, William James Jones, Henry Jones, James Joyucs, George Kcarjlcy, Charles Kite, Richard Lawrence, Leith Clerk, J. A Leach, John

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. lxxiii. 257

Lit>trap, William Leighton., David Samuel Liplrtp, John Longdon, William Lushington, Lewis James Made, James M" Knight, Martin, Stone, and root, Samuel Majkall, Gilbert Mathijon, John Mayor, Mayor D. D., John Mayor, Godfrey Moiling, W. T. Money, John Morgan, Moul, William Mur-

ray, T. N Naish, Evan Nepean, Richard Nixon, Thomas Nixon, Francis Norton, Hildebrand Herbert Oakes, William Patterson, Peck and Smally, Henry Hinde Pelley, William Randall, Edward Ravenscroft, George Rich, John Richard Ripley, R, T. Ripley, William Robertson, G. Rofewell, Thomas Rowcroft,

Lawrence Ruck, Flint Stacey, Thomas Say,

Schank, Claude Scott, Samuel Scott,

Simmons,

John Silvester, John Simtfon, T. W. Smith, Charles Smith, Edward Straccy junior, Jofias Henry Stracey, F. Strickland, Richard otone, Joseph Stonard, James Taggart, Robert Taylor, William Tefl, James Thompson, James Swallow Thompson, John Townsend, Wingfield Turner, Lieutenant Colonel Twifs, Of-borne Tylden, William Vaughan, Richard Valpy D. D., John Walter, John Walter junior, RichardTValker, C. Thomas Warner, Edward Warner junior, John Parr Welsford, Richard Westmacott, C. J. White,

?ane Wilson, Henry Wilckens, Joseph Woobier, Charles Wyatt, William Tates, Toung, William

bung, and John Toung, together with such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, as they, or the major Part of them present at the first General Adembly to be holden for the Purposes of this Act, shall nominate and appoint, and their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, being Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the Tunnel or Road hereby authorised to be made, shall be, and are hereby united into a Company for the carrying on, making, completing, and maintaining the said Tunnel or Road, pa liable for Pafieng ts, Castle, and Carriages, according to the Rules, Orders, and Directions herein mentioned and expressed; and shall, for that Purpose, be one Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name and Style of The Company of Proprietors of the Tunnel under the River Thames, and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession, and a Common Seal, and by that Name shall and may sue and befued, and also shall and may have Power and Authority, from and after the passing of this Act, to purchase Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to them and their Successors and Assigns, for the Use of the said Tunnel or Road, and for the several Works hereby authorised to be made, and for the several other Purposes herein mentioned, without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain, and also to sell any of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased for the Purposes aforesaid-

Proprietors empowered to raise and contribute 30,000l. for making the Tunnel, in Shares of 100l. each. §2. Shares to be Personal Estate. §3. Subscribers to have a Vote for every Share, not exceeding ten* Vote*; and may Vote by Proxy- Jr orm of Appointment of Proxies, §4. Proprietors may raiie an additional Sum if* necessary, not exceeding 20,000l. §5. Power to raise Money by Mortgage of the Undertaking- Form of Mortgage, and Transfer thereof. Interest of Money borrowed to be paid in Preference to Dividends. §6. Six Months Notice to be given of paying off Money. §7. Assignees not to vote on Account of having lent Money. §8. General Assemblies on the first Wednesday in May yearly. §9. Chairman to be appointed, and to have an additional calling Vote. §10. A Committee of twenty to be appointed. §11. Proprietors at a General Meeting may make Bye Laws for regulating the Passage through the Tunnel. All Accounts shall be laid before such General Meeting to be audited, in doing which no Proxy shall be admitted. §12. General Assemblies for choosing Committees to consist of loo Shares. §13. Assembly of Proprietors may be specially convened by five or more Proprietors possessed of fifty Shares, on fourteen Days Notice. §14. General Assembly toele&and appoint Officers; and take Security from them. §15. Officers, &c. to account, and on Refusal may be proceeded against before two Justices, who may levy the Sums due from them by Distress, or commit them to Gaol till they account. §16. General Powers of the Committees. Committees may make Calls. Shares may be forfeited, but no Advantage to be taken of Forfeiture without personal Notice. §17. On the Death of Subscribers before Share completed, Executors, &c. may make the Payments or sell the Shares. §18. Shares may be fold. Form of Conveyance of Shares. §19. After a Call no Share to be sold until such Call shall be paid. §20. On Acquisition of Shares by Marriage, an Affidavit and Certificate of Marriage shall be transmitted to the Company's Clerk, and entered in their Books; and on Acquisition by Will, or in Course of Administration, the Probate, &c, shall be entered in like Manner. 5 21. Names of Proprietors shall be entered in Books, and Certificates of their Shares delivered to them. $ 22."

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to make and maintain a Tunnel or Road under the River Thames, from any Point between one hundred Yards Weft of a Messuage in the Occupation of Jeremiah Howard, in the Parish of Northfleet, and one Quarter of a Mile Eastward of the New Tavern Bridge, in the Parish of Milton, next Gravesend, in the County of Kent, and between the opposite Points on the Shore of the County of JEJcx; and for the Purpose aforesaid, the said Company of Proprietors, their Deputies, Agents, Officers, and Workmen, are hereby authorised and empowered to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds of any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate whatsoever, and to survey and take Levels of the same, or any Part thereof, and to set out and ascertain such Parts thereof as they shall think necessary and proper for making the said intended Tunnel, and all such other Works, Matters, and Conveniences, as they shall think proper and necessary for making, preserving, improving, completing, maintaining, and using the same; and also to bore, dig, cut, trench, sough, get, remove, take, and carry away, lay, make use of, dispose of, and fell, for their own Ule and Benefit, any Earth, Clay, Chalk, Stone, Soil, Rubbish, Trees, Roots of Trees, Gravel, Sand, or any other Matters or Things, which may be dug or got in making the said intended Tunnel, or other Works, in, out of, or upon the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons adjoining or lying convenient thereto, and which may be neceflkry, requisite, or proper,

Incorporated. Their Style-

Powers for making the Tunnel.

258 C.lxxiii. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799

for making, carrying on, continuing, maintaining, or repairing the said intended Tunnel, or other Works, or which may hinder, prevent, or obstruct the making, using, or completing, extending and maintaining the same respectively; and also to make, build, erect, and let up, in or upon the said Tunnel, or other Works hereby authorised to be made, or any of them, or upon the Lands adjoining or near the same respectively, such and so many Tunnels, Aqueducts, Water Stanks, Dams, Drains, Quays, Houses, Ware-houses, Toil Houses, Watch Houses, Landing Places, Weighing Beams, Cranes, Fire Engines, or other Machines, and other Works, Ways, Roads, and Conveniences, as and where the said Company of Proprietors shall think requisite or convenient for the Purposes of, or Approaches to, the said Tunnel, and other Works, or any Part thereof; and also from Time to Time to alter, repair, and amend, or discontinue the same; they the said Company of Proprietors, their several Deputies, Agents, Officers, and Workmen, doing as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the several Powers to them hereby granted, and making Satisfaction, in Manner herein mentioned, to the Owners and Proprietors of and other Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, which shall be by them so taken, used, or prejudiced, fer all Damages to be by them sustained in or by the Execution of all or any of the Powers of this Act; and this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify the said Company of ProprietorSr and their Deputies, Agents, Officers, and Workmen, and all other Persons whomsoever, for what they, or any of them shall do by virtue of the Powers hereby granted, subject to such Provisoes and Restrictions as are herein mentioned.

Contracts to be advertised. §24. Houses, Gardens, built or used on or before June 24, 1799, not to be injured. Act not to extend to enable the Company to enter on Mr. Calcraft's or Mr. Errington's Ground without Consent of Owners. $ 25. Bodies Politick empowered to sell and convey Lanas. Contracts and Sales to be made at the Expence of the Company.—Form of Conveyance to the Company. §26. 44 Satisfaction to be made for Damage in making Roads, &c- by yearly Rents or otherwise. Such Rents charged on the Rates. §27. If Parties are dissatisfied, Iffr. the Value of Lands in Dispute shall be afeer- tained by a Jury, to be impannelled before the Committee. §28. P ine upon Sheriffs, iffc, making De* 4c fault. §29. Expences of Witnesses and Jury to be settled by some disinterested Justice of the Peace for Kent or Essex, and paid by the Company where the Compensation given by a Jury exceeds that offered by the Company, or where Parties cannot be found capacitated to convey: in other Cases such Expences to be paid by the Party to whom the Compensation is due. §30. Persons requesting Juries shall enter into Bonds to prosecute. §31. Notice of Injury to be given to Proprietors, by Parties grieved, within six Months after the Injury sustained. §32. Satisfaction to be made for Tythes, according to the average Value of five Years, from Michaelmas 1793, and to Spiritual Persons by an annual Rent. §33. 44 Verdict as to Value of Lands and Damages tobealleffed separately, by the Jury. $ 34. Verdicts to be recorded with the Clerk of the Peace for the County where given, j 35. Power to the Company to enter and take Possession of Lands, iffc. on Payment or Tender of rurchafe Money, or Security for Rents. §36. Purchase Money belonging to Corporations, Trustees, iffc. where exceeding 20l. and *4 being less than 100l. shall be laid out in Purchase of Land to be settled to the same Uses as the Lands sold to the Company, and meanwhile invested in Trustees Names for the Benefit of the Parties inte-4C rested. §37. Purchase Monies, amounting to 1001, and upwards, to be paid into the Bank as under 44 12 Geo. 1. c. 32.; 24 Geo. 2. c. 24. till invested in Lands. §38. Damages hot provided for to be settled by a Jury or by the Committee. §39."

[Tolls to be taken by the Company.]

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, to erect or cause to be erected a Turnpike or Toll House at each End of the said Tunnel, and from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, to ask, demand, take, and recover, to and for their own proper Use and Behoof, the several Tolls herein after mentioned, before any Passage shall be allowed into the same; (that is to say,)

For every Wheel on every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Calash, Curricle, or Chair, the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Wheel on every Waggon, Wain, or Cart, the Sum of one Shilling:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of one Shilling:

For every Ass, the Sum of Threepence:

For every Drove of Cows, Oxen, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of fifteen Shillings per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of three Shillings and Fourpence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

For Geese or Turkies, the Sum of Twopence Halfpenny per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Foot Passenger, the Sum of Twopence.

---

Tolls not to be taken at both Gates. §41. To enforce Payment of Tolls. §42."

XLIII. And whereas the Conveyance of his Majesty's Troops and Military Stores, by Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from the opposite chores of the Counties of Kent and Essex^ across the River Thames, is attended with a great Expence: And whereas it has appeared to the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, that the making of the said Tunnel would be attended with a great national Advantage for the Purpose of conveying Troops and Military Stores through the same, by which the Expence of providing Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, will be avoided, and the Troops and Stores be more expeditiously conveyed; iffc be it therefore enacted,*

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. lxxiii. 259

No Toll shall be taken for Troops, or Military Horses, Waggons, Stores, &c. But for such Exemption from Toll 10 20/, shall be paid by the Treasury to the Proprietors yearly# by four Quarterly Payments. cc If the 1000l. is not paid to the Proprietors they may take Tolls. §44. Proprietors to furnish Boats for Government whenever the Tunnel is repairing. $ 45. Tolls may be reduced at a General Meeting, and again raised, to the former Rates. §46."

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, to erect or cause to be erected such and so many Lamps to be affixed within the said Tunnel for the lighting thereof, as the said Company of Proprietors shall think proper and convenient; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully takeaway, break, throw down, or damage any Lamp that shall be set up for the Purpose of lighting the said Tunnel, or any Part thereof, or wilfully extinguifla the Light or Lights within the same, or throw down or damage the Irons or other Furniture thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, upon Complaint to him or them made, to grant a Warrant to bring before him or them such Offender or Offenders, at the Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be specified; or to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to seize, as also for any other Person or Persons, to assist in seizing, the Offender or Offenders, and by Authority of this Act to convey and deliver him, her, or them into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, and such Justice or Justices shall examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Information or Evidence touching such Offence, (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and required to administer,) and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her, or their Confession, or upon such Information or Evidence as aforesaid, he, she, or they so convicted shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings for ead\ Lamp or Lamp Iron so broken, thrown down, and damaged, or for every Light so extinguished as aforesaid, and moreover shall make full Satisfaction to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, for the Damage so by him, her, or them done as aforesaid; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not on Conviction pay such Forfeiture, and make such Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Justice is hereby required to commit him, her, or them to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, there to be kept to Hard Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding one Calendar Month, nor less than fourteen Days, and such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he, she, or they shall be so committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given.

Persons accidentally damaging Lamps, to make Satisfaction. On Non-payment such SaliP* 44 faction may be levied. §48." ,

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons whosoever shall have free Liberty tojpafs through the said Tunnel, and to lead or drive through the same any Horse, Castle, or other Bead and Carriage, Geese and Turkies, upon Payment of such Tolls as shall be demanded by the said Company of Proprietors, not exceeding the respective Sums herein mentioned, and subject to the Rules and Regulations which shall be from Time to Time made by the said Company of Proprietors, by virtue of the Powers herein granted; provided that no Person or Persons shall, with or without any Horse, Castle, or other Beast or Carriage, Geese or Turkies, without the Consent of the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee, pass through the said Tunnel at any other Times than between the Hours of Seven in the Morning and Five in the Evening, during the Months of November, December, January, and February, between the Hours of Five in the Morning and Eight in the Evening, during the Months of March, April, September, and October, and between the Hours of Four in the Morning and Nine in the Evening, during the Months of May, June, July% and August, in every Year and the said Company of Proprietors shall, and they are hereby required to keep the said Tunnel well and sufficiently lighted up for and during the Hours required in the said Months as aforesaid, (save and except for and during such Time or Times as the said Tunnel, or any Part thereof or any of the Works thereunto belonging shall be repairing, or the Passage through the same shall be by any Accident impeded or prevented,) and in Default thereof the said Company of Proprietors shall forfeit and pay for every Offence the Sum of twenty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or any more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

Satisfaction to the King for his Ferry 80 L per Ann. to be paid by the Company. §50. Satisfaction to the Corporation of Gravesend for their Ferry, 301, per Ann. or a Compensation in Money to be awarded by a Jury, and inverted for the Benefit of the Corporation. §51. Ferries verted in the Company. §52. 44 Company to use the Ferries when the Tunnel is repairing. §53. Penalty on damaging the Works,

[Publick Act.]

Felony punishable as Petit Larceny. §54. Offences committed in the Tunnel may be tried either in Kent or Essex. §55. Tunnel shall be rated as the Ferries were in 1798. §56. Tunnel not to be under the Controul of Commissioners of Sewers. §57. Act not to prejudice the Rights of the City of London, 44 or of the Lord Mayor as Conservator of the River. §58. Subscribers compelled to pay their Subscriptions. §59. Fines and Forfeitures may be levied by Distress and Sale, or the Offender committed to Gaol not exceeding six Months. §60. Persons aggrieved by Irregularity in Distress to recover only the Special Damages. $ 6c. Form of Conviction. §62. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions.—Proceedings not to be quashed for Want of Form, nor removed by Certiorari. §63. Ximi- tation of Actions, six Months.—General Blue.—Treble Costs. $ 64. §65."

Lamps to be affixed against Walls, &c. Penalty on wilfully damaging Lamps, to.

On Non payment Offender 1 to be committed from 14 Day* to one Month*

Passage to be free on Payment of Tolls, and under certain Restrictions,

---

260 C.lxxiv - lxxxii. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Cap. lxxiv.

An act for making a new Street from the Haymarket into Charles Street, St. James's Square, within the City and Liberty of Westminster.

[12th July 1799.]

Cap. lxxv.

An act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Cheadle, through Alveton, to the Uttoxeter and Ashborne Turnpike Road, at or near Quickshill Bank; and also the Road leading from the Stone and Uttoxeter Turnpike Road, at Bear's Brook, through Hollington, to the said Uttoxeter and Ashborne Turnpike Road, at or near the Churnet Bridge at Rocester, in the County of Stafford, to continue in Force for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

[12th July 1799.]

Cap. lxxvi.

An act to continue, for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and Powers of an act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Althall, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road at or near Buckland, in the County of Berks.

[12th July 1799.]

Cap. lxxvii.

An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of three Acts, passed in the fourth and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the most Southern Part of Butt Lane, in the Parish of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Lawton, and from thence to Henshall's Smithy, upon Cranage Green, in the said County.

[12th July 1799.]

Cap. lxxviii.

An act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering the Powers, of an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from the Town of Skipton to the Turnpike Road from Leeds to Ripon, near Okbeck, in the Township of Bilton with Harrogate, and from thence to the Road leading from Knaresborough to Wetherby, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[12th July 1799.]

Cap. lxxix.

An act for enabling William Stephen Poyntz Esquire, and the Honourable Elizabeth Mary his Wife, to charge the Estates late of the Right Honourable George Samuel Lord Viscount Montague deceased, in the County of Sussex, with a competent Sum of Money for improving the same, and for other Purposes.

[12th July 1799.]

Cap. lxxx.

An act for confirming and rendering effectual a Partition and Division between the late Honourable Penn Asheton Curzon deceased, and the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Ribblesdale, (then Thomas Lister Esquire,) of the Rectory of Whalley, and of the Chapels, Glebe Lands, Messuages, Tenements, Tythes, Obventions, Profits, and Hereditaments thereto belonging, now held under a Lease from the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and for that Purpose to enable the said Lord Archbishop and his Successors, at all Times hereafter, to grant the said Rectory and Premises by two several Leases, according to the said Partition and Division.

[12th July 1799.]

Cap. lxxxi.

An act for vesting a Piece of Ground and Hereditaments in the Parish of Saint Mary Woolnoth, in the City of London, belonging to the Parish of Saint Mary le Bow, in Abraham Robarts, William Curtis, Ellis Were, and Charles Hornyold, of the said City of London, Bankers and Co-partners, in Fee Simple, upon Payment of the Sum of one thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds, upon Trust, to be applied in the Manner therein mentioned, for the Support of a Lecturer, and for better regulating the Appointment of the said Lecturer.

[12th July 1799.]

Cap. lxxxii.

An act to amend an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for erecting a Building for holding the Courts, and exercising the Jurisdiction, of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, in Westminster, and for holding the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and transacting the other Publick Business of the said City and Liberty.

[12th July 1799.]

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. lxxxiii. 261

Cap. lxxxiii.

An act for enabling His Majesty to incorporate, by Charter, a Company to be called The Globe Insurance Company, for Insurance on Lives, and against Loss or Damage by Fire, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[12th July 1799.]

---

WHEREAS it hath been Considered that it would in many Respects be greatly advantageous to the Publick, if a Corporation were established for making or effecting Insurances on Lives, and Insurances against Loss or Damage by Fire, and for granting, purchasing, or felling Annuities for Lives, or on Survivorship, and for granting Sums of Money payable at future Periods, within the Kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland, and any other Parts abroad; and for receiving Depofus of the Funds belonging to, and acting as Treasurers thereof, for Benefit or Friendly Societies, and other charitable and benevolent Institutions; and alfci for making Provisions for the Widows and Children of the Clergy, and for Clergymen, and for the receiving Deposits from or on Account of the Members of the industrious Clafies of Society, and others, upon such Terms, and in such Manner, as should be agreed upon between the said Corporation, and the Persons or Societies treating with the same Corporation, for the Purposes a fore said ;* be therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, by Charter or Indenture under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to declare and grant, that such and so many Persons as shall be named therein, and all and every such other Persons and Person, as from Time to Time shall be duly admitted Members into their Corporation, shall be one distinct and separate Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of The Globe Insurance Company.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, in and by the said Charter or Indenture, to declare that the said Corporation, so to be created and established, shall and may make or effect Insurances on the Life or Lives of any Person or Persons whomsoever, or on Houses, Warehouses, Chambers, or other Edifices or Buildings Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, Ships, Vessels, Barges, and other Craft, with their Cargoes, in Port or uled on Navigable Canals, Farming Stock, and all other Property, against Loss or Damage by Fire, in all Parts and Places whatsoever, -either within the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Irelandt or elsewhere Abroad, whether within his Majesty's Dominions or not; and also ftlall and may grant, purchase, and sell Annuities for Lives, or on Sur-vivorship, and grant Sums of Money payable at future Periods within the Kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland, and any other Parts abroad, whether within his Majesty's Dominions or not j and shall and may receive Deposits of Funds of Tontine Societies, and other Institutions, established for granting future Advantages, and Deposits of Funds belonging to, and aft as Treasurer thereof for. Benefit or Friendly Societies, and other charitable and benevolent Institutions; and make Provision for the Widows and Children of the Clergy, and for Clergymen, and receive Deposits from or on account of Members of the Industrious Gasses of Society, and others; and to make Provision for Members of the industrious Clafies of Society, and others, by allowing Interest on such Deposits made, or otherwise, upon such Terms and Conditions, and in such Manner as shall or may be agreed upon between the said Corporation so to be created and established, and the Persons and Societies treating with the said Corporation, for the Purposes hereinbefore mentioned.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such Deposits made by Individuals, shall not be payable by the said Corporation at a less Period than six Calendar Months from the Time such Deposits shall have been made.

IV. The Company by the said Charter to have perpetual Succession; to choose its own Directors; to use a %i Common Seal; to purchase, take, and hold Lands, §4."

V. And be it further enacted, That in the said Charter or Indenture it shall be provided that the said Corporation, so to be created and established as aforesaid, shall be obliged from Time to Time, during its Continuance, to cause such a Stock of ready Money, or such Share or Shares of the Parliamentary Stocks or Publick Funds of Great Britain, to be provided and reserved, and to be immediately subject to the Disposition of the said Corporation, as shall be sufficient to answer all the just Demands upon them on Account of the said Policies of Assurance, and any Deeds, Contrafts, or Engagements, to be made or executed, or entered into by the said Corporation; and that the said Corporation shall satisfy, nay, and discharge the same Demands from Time to Time according to the Tenor of the said Policies of Assurance, Deeds, Contracts, and Engagements, and the true Meaning of this Act, and the Charter so to be granted as aforesaid; and in case of Refusal or Neglect to answer the said Demand, the Person or Persons, Society or Societies, whose Claim or Demand shall be so neglected or refused, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Affgns, may, during the Existence of such Claims or Demands, respectively bring his, her, or their Action of Debt* or on the Case, by Bill, Suit, or Information, for the Money demanded, against the said Corporation re* fusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, in any of his Majesty's Courts- of Record at Westminster or elsewhere, wherein noEfioign, Protection, Wager of Law’, or more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed) and that in such Action, Bill, Suit, or Information, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs may declare that the same Corporation is indebted to him, her, or them, in the Money so demanded, and have not paid the(ame» and thereupon the Plaintiff or Plainiiffe shall recover against the said Corporation single Damages and full Costs of Suit, and the Stock and Effects of the said Corporation shall be also subject and liable thereto,

*6t

Advances of n new intended Insurance Office.

V

His Majesty enabled to grant a Charter to The Globe insurance Office.

Corporation empowered to grantlnfurahcet on Lives, and on Houses, Buildings,

Ships, and other Property.

Deposits not payable at a left Period than six Months.

Provision to be made in the Charter Unr the Corporation frnl! be obliged to provide fuffLicni Fun is to answer nil just Demands on th^.n by private Persons or Societies.

262

How Societies may proceed against the Corporation to recover their Demands.

Corporation to render Account*, and pay over Balances, &c. to Friendly Societies.

[33C«.3. C.J4-]

Fund to be raised by the Corporation from 500,000]. to j,oooo, ooooL

to be laid out in the Purchase of Land Tax on Houses, under 38 G50 3. c. 60.

Provision to be made by the

Cr. lxxxiii. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Societies respectively may commence or bring such Actions, Bills, Information or Informations, against the said Corporation, in the Name or Names of the President or Presidents, Trustee or Trustees of, or other Person or Persons presiding over, representing or acting for such Society or Societies, and that the Actions, Bills, Suits, or Informations to brought, shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be as good and effectual as if the same were commenced or brought in the Names of all the Persons composing such Society or Societies, and no Advantage shall be taken thereof, or Objection made thereto* any Law, Practice, Usage or Custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Corporation so to be created as aforesaid, which shall have or receive any Part of the Montes, Effects, or Funds of such Society or Societies, or shall in any Manner be entrusted with the Disposition, Management, or Custody thereof, or of any Securities relating to the same, shall, upon Demand made in pursuance of any Order by such Society or Committee appointed in such Manner as is directed by an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies, give in the Account or Accounts of the said Corporation with such Society or Societies, at a general Meeting of any such, Society, or to such Committee thereof as aforesaid, to be examined and allowed or disallowed; and the said Corporation shall on such Demand so to be made in Manner aforesaid, p3y over all the Monies then remaining and being in the Hands or Custody of the said Corporation, and assign and transfer or deliver all Securities, Effects, or b unds, taken or (landing in the Name, or remaining in the Hands or Custody of the said Corporation, to the Treasurer or Treasurers, or Trustee or Trustees for the Time being, or to such Person or Persons as such Society shall appoint; and in case of any Neglect or Refusal to deliver such Account, or to pay over such Monies, or to assign, transfer, or deliver such Securities or Funds, in Manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Society, in the Name of the Treasurer or Treasurers, Trustee or Trustees, (as the Case may be,) or such Person or Persons as such Society or Societies shall appoint, to exhibit a Petition, against the said Corporation so to be created as aforesaid, in the High Court of Chancery, or the Court of Exchequer in England, or the Court of Session in Scotland*, or the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales respectively, who shall and may proceed thereupon in a summary Way, and make such Order therein, upon hearing all Parties concerned, as to such Court in their discretion shall seem just; and all Alignments and Transfers made in pursuance of such Order shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

No Fee to be taken for Proceedings in such Courts, &c. and Counsel to be a/Egned to such Societies gratis. §8. Directionshow the Charter shall provide that the Corporation may plead to Actions brought against them. §9."

X. And, to the Intent that sufficient Provision of Money may be made for answering and paying just Demands upon the said Corporation, and to furnish the said Corporation with Money for its necessary and lawful Occasions ;* it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Corporation shall be obliged, by force and virtue of the said Charter or Indenture so to be granted or made as aforesaid, to raise a Sum of Money, not less than five hundred thousand Pounds, and not exceeding one Million, within such Time or Times, not exceeding a Period of two Years and an Half, to be computed from the Time the said Charter of Incorporation shall be granted, and by such Proportions, and in such Manner, as in and by the said Charter or Indenture shall be appointed, and the Monies so to be raised shall be and be called The Extraordinary Capital Stock belonging to the said Corporation; and that in the said Charter or Indenture, so to be granted or made as aforesaid, a Provision shall be inserted, that the said Corporation, intended to be created and established, is to be created and established upon this Condition, that the said Corporation do and shall lay out and invest the Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds, (Part of the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds Extraordinary or Capital Stock,) within three Calendar Months next after the same shall be raised in Manner aforesaid, in the Purchase of Land Tax upon Houses, under an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner thereinJlaled, the several Sums of Aloney now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax for one Year, from the twenty fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and also do and shall, with one Moiety or Half Part of the net Profits which shall arise to the said Corporation from the said Establishment, which shall remain after Payment of five Pounds per Centum per Annum lo prietors on the Capital Stock, and all Salaries and other Expences attending the Institution, lay out such Moieties as they shall arise, after making such Deductions as aforesaid, in the Purchase of the said Land Tax upon Houses, from Time to Time, until the Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds shall have been so laid out as aforesaid, unless the Whole of the said Land Tax upon Houses shall previously thereto have been redeemed or fold; and that the said Corporation shall be allowed to purchase the said Land Tax upon the same Terms and Conditions as the Owners of Lands now are or hereafter may be entitled to redeem or purchase by the same or any future Act; but the Interest or Produce arising from the said Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds, and such Moieties of the said Profits as shall be laid out in the Purchase of Land Tax as aforesaid, shall not be considered or taken as Part of the Profits out of which the said Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, is to proceed; and also that the Sum of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon all the said Money to be raised as aforesaid, (excepting the said Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds so to be laid out as aforesaid,) shall be deducted out of the said Moiety or Half Part of the said net Profits, before the same shall be applied in the Purchase of the said Land Tax, in Manner herein-before mentioned.

XI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, That a Provision shall be inserted in the said Chatter, that the said Corporation shall, within three Calendar Months after the Date of the said Charter,

A.D. 1799. Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. C. lxxxiii.

enter into a sufficient Contract or Contracts, according to the Provisions of the several Acts passed in the last and present Sessions of Parliament for the Redemption of the Land Tax, that the said Corporation shall and will lay out and invest the Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the said five hundred thousand Pounds Extraordinary or Capital Stock, in the Purchase of the Land Tax on Houses, or Land Tax, as provided by this Act, and that the said Corporation shall in such Contrail or Contracts undertake that they shall and will lay out and invest one hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the said three hundred thousand Pounds, in the Purchase of the Land Tax on Houses, or Land Tax, as aforesaid, within one Year after the Date of the said Charter; and that they shall and will lay out one hundred thousand Pounds, other Part of the said three hundred thousand Pounds, in such Purchase as aforesaid, within two Years after the Date of the said Charter; and that they shall and will lay out one hundred thousand Pounds, Residue of the said three hundred thousand Pounds, within three Calendar Months next after the Extraordinary or Capital Stock shall be raised as aforesaid, in the further Purchase of the Land Tax on Houses, or Land Tax, as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Directors of the said Corporation shall yearly lay, or cause to be laid, before each House of Parliament, a true Account of the Receipt and Application of all Monies which shall be received by the said Corporation by virtue of this Act.

Subscribers to be entitled to a Share in the Stock of the Corporation, in Proportion to the Amount o 44 their respective Subscriptions. §13. Subscribers liable to the Debts of the Corporation only to the Amount of their Shares in the Capital Stock. §14. Corporation not to borrow Money but by Subscription for Shares. §15. For making Calls on the Subscribers. §16. Shares and Securities may be transferred, assigned, or devised. §17."

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Capital Stock of the said Corporation, to be established pursuant to this Act, shall, during the Continuance thereof, be exempted, and is hereby exempted, from any Taxes, Ratefc, Assessments, or Impositions whatsoever, by Act of Parliament or otherwise, save and except' the Taxes, Rates, Assessments, Impositions, and Duties, imposed by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, for repealing the Duties imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, and for granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties; and that no Person who shall be Director, or other Officer of the said Corporation, to be created as aforesaid, shall for that Cause only be disabled from being a Member of Parliament, nor shall, in respect of such Share or Shares, be or be adjudged liable to be a Bankrupt, within the Intent and Meaning of all or any of the Statutes made of or concerning Bankrupts; and that no Stock in the said Corporation shall be subject or liable to any Foreign Attachment, by the Custom of London or otherwise; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Power to be given by the Charter to the Corporation to make Bye Laws. §19."

XX. And whereas it may be difficult hereafter for the said Corporation to find sufficient Land Tax on Houses, to purchase in Manner directed by this Act, unless they purchase Land Tax on Houses in distant and remote Parts of the Kingdom, and may not be able to purchase Land Tax on Houses without manifest Loss and Inconvenience;’ be it enacted, That if at any Time it shall seem proper to the Lords of the Treasury, on Representation made to them by the said Corporation, to empower the said Corporation to purchase Land Tax instead of Land Tax on Houses, Land Tax so purchased shall be considered as an Equivalent for the Land Tax on Houses directed to be purchased by this Act.

[Publick Act.]

Annuity Act, iy Geo. III. Cap. 26. not to affect this Corporation. §21. Persons committing Forgery u on the Corporation, to be guilty of Felony without Benefit of Clergy. §22. §23."

263

Charter that the Corporation shall contract lor Purchase of Land Tax by Payments of 100,cool, per Annum.

Directors to lay

an Account before Parliament yearly.

Capital Stock to be exempted from all Taxes and Assessments, except the Income Tax under 39600. 3. c. 13. &c. Dire#ors not disqualified as Members of Parliament, &c. Stock not liable to Foreign Attachment.

For buying Land Tax, in* (lead of Land Tax on Houses, in certain cases*

---

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. tricesimo nono & quadragesimo.

'AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the twelfth Day of July Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland; King, Defender of the Faith, &c.'

'And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, and by Proclamation, to the twenty-fourth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; being the fourth Session of the eighteenth Parliament of Great Britain.'

CAP. I.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of an additional Number of Volunteers from the Militia, under certain Restrictions.

[8th October 1799.]

[See post. c. 44 for granting Allowances to Adjutants, Serjeant-Majors, and Serjeants disembodied in consequence of this Act.]

---

WHEREAS the great Increase of the Regular Army, by the Volunteers from the Militia of this Kingdom, under an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, has enabled his Majesty to env- ploy a very considerable Force with a View to the Re-establishment of the Independence and lawful Government of the United Provinces: And whereas the Success which has already attended his Majesty's Arms, in the Employment of such Force, has greatly contributed to encrease the Security of his Majesty's Dominions; and it is thereby become expedient to disembody, dismiss, or reduce a certain Proportion of the Militia Forces existing in this Kingdom, aririjo enable his Majesty to accept the Services of such of them as may voluntarily offer to engage in his Majesty's Regular Forces, under certain Provisions and Restrictions, for the vigorous Prosecution of the War :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Reduction of the Militia Forced at the Time and in the Manner therein limited\ for in-abling his Majesty more effectually to encrease his Regular Forces for the vigorous Prosecution of the Wary and for amending the Laws relating to the Militia, as limits the Number of Private Militia Men to be discharged or disembodied from the Militia of the several Counties, Ridings, and Places, in that Act mentioned, to one Fourth of the Number of Men required by the said Act to be raised in the said several Counties, Ridings, and Places, shall, from and after the passing this Act, be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by any Order signified by his Majesty's Secretary of State, to direct any such or so many of the Regiments named and appointed under the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, or any such other Regiments of the Line as his Majesty (hair name and appoint, to receive' Volunteers from the Militia, as his Majesty shall see fit, or any Regiment of his Majesty's Foot Guards, or the Royal Corps of Artillery, to receive Volunteers from the Militia under this Act out of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia named in any such Order; and it shall be lawful for any Private Militia Man to enlist under this Act, in the Manner, and subject to the Regulations herein after mentioned, into any such Regiment of the Line of his Majesty's Regular Forces, or into any 39 & 40 Geo. III. Mm such

So much of 34 Geo. 3. c. 106, as limits the Number Of Men to be discharged from the Militia, repealecj.

Militia Men may enlilt in certain Regiments.

C,

265 C. i: - Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

such Regiment of Foot Guards or Royal Cprps of Artillery, as his Majesty shall hereafter, by any such Order as aforesaid, from Time to Time name and appoint to receive Volunteers from the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia to which any such Private Man shall at the Time of such enlisting under this Act belong.

Such Men shall

III. And be it further enacted*>That every Person who shall be enlisted under this Act to serve in any be enlisted on Regiment of (i>rps of the Line of his Majesty's Regular Forces, so named and appointed as aforesaid, shall certain Condi- be enlisted tcHerve for five Years, or during the Continuance of the present War, and for six Months after Expiration thereof, and no longer; and shall not be liable to befentor to serve out of Europe; and every vT* such Person shall, in Addition to the usual and accustomed Oath to be taken by every Person enlisting as a - Soldier in his Majesty's Forces, take the following Oath; (that is to say,)

Oath. 4 A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That. I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty King George i and ldofwear, that I will faithfully serve in the Regiment of

within any Part of Europe, during the Term of five Years, or for the Continuance of the Wary and for six Months after the Expiration thereof, unless I shall be sooner discharged.’

VO

Commanding Officers of Militia shall explain to the Men the Terms upon which they may enlist into the Regular Forces, and if any declare such an Intention they shall (whether they enlist singly dr in Companies-

(fee §7) he discharged and attested for the Regime*) tin which they intend to enlist.

Militia Men may enlist together as a Company of not kfs than eighty, and his Majesty may appoint Officers from the Militia, and make Battalions of such Companies, &c.

# Militia Officers volunteering to serve in tht

4< No Person so enlisting shall be drafted into any other Corps^ unless first discharged, and thereafter volun-u tarily entering. §4. Every Militia Man enlisted into the Regular Forces shall be entitled to ten Guineas Bounty, which may be disposed of as herein specified. §5."

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corns of Militia, of any County, Riding, or Place aforesaid, shall, upon receiving Directions from his Majesty for that Purpose, explain to the Private Men of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, of which he shall for the Time being have the Command, in such Manner, and at all such Times within one Month from the Time of his first receiving such Directions, as his Majesty shall direct, the Terms upon which any Private Man, serving in the Militia, may enlist into the Regular Forces, under this Act; and if upon the Terms of such enlisting being explained or made known to them as aforesaid, any Private Militia Man shall voluntarily declare an Intention to be enlisted into his Majesty's Regular Forces, it shall be lawful for such Colonel or Commanding Officer of Militia as aforesaid and every such Colonel or Commanding Officer is hereby required to discharge such Person from the Militia, whether such Person shall enlist singly or with any other Men as a Company, in Manner herein after mentioned; and every such Private Militia Man, so discharged as aforesaid, shall immediately thereupon belong, as a Private Man, to the Regiment or Corps into which he shall dedarthi9 Intention to enlist, and shall be immediately enlisted and attested for such Regiment or Corns in due Course of Law, and shall (as soon as conveniently may be) be transferred to feme Officer of such Regiment or Corps, or such Officer as his Majesty may have appointed to receive Men enlisted under this Act; and shall have and be entitled to the Allowance of the Bounty of ten Guineas, in the Manner herein mentioned, together with Subsistence, Pay, and Cloathing, to be paid and furnished in like Manner in every Respect, and subject to and under the like Laws, Rules, and Regulations, as are provided and used for the Regiment or Corps of his Majesty's Regular Forces into which he shall have enlisted, except as such Laws, Rules, and Regulations are with respect to/uch Men altered by. this Act; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding/." j *' *. t

VII. And be it further enacted, That whete tmy Number of Private Militia Men shall be defirou£of enlisting4nto any Regiment of the Line, so named as aforesaid, of his Majesty's Regular Forces, as a Company or Companies, of not less than eighty Men to each Company, and his Majesty shall have signified his Intention of granting Commissions in his Majesty's Regular Forces to any Officer or Officers actually serving in the Regiment, Battalion, or Corns of Militia from which any or each of such Companies of Men shall volunteer to ierve as aforesaid in his Majesty's Regular Forces, as Captain, Lieutenant, and Ensign of such Company or Companies respectively, that then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for such Men to enlist as such Company or Companies as aforesaid; and then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for any Number of Non-commissioned Officers, Corporals, and Drummers of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, not exceeding three Serjeants, four Corporals, and one Drummer, to every eighty Men, to enlist with such Company or Companies of Men as aforesaid; and every Colonel and Commanding Officer if such Regiment is hereby required to discharge such Non-commissioned Officers, Corporals, and Drummers as shall be desirous of enlisting as aforesaid, not exceeding such Number as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for his Majesty to attach such Company or Companies of Men to any Regiment of the Line of his Majesty's Regular Forces, so named and appointed as aforesaid, into which the Private Militia M$n of such Company or Companies shall have declared their Intention to enlist as aforesaid, or to join together any Number of such Companies, and form the same into an additional Battalion or any additional Battalions of any such Regiment as aforesaid, and in such Case to appoint such and such Number of Field and Staff Officers to any such Battalion or Battalions as his Majesty shall think necessary; and every such Battalion shall thereupon be subject to such and the like Regulations, with respect to Service, as any Regiment of the Line named and appointed to receive Volunteers from the Militia under the said recited Act and this Act; and every Private Militia Man of every such Company shall be entitled to such and the like Bounty, to be paidjn such and the like Manner, and shall serve on such and the like Conditions, in every Respect, as are herciri mentioned with respect to any Militia Man eniilbng into any Regiment of the Line of his Majesty's Regular Forces, under the said Act of the iaft Session of Parliament, or this Act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Officer so volunteering to serve in his Majesty's Regular Forces, with any such Company of Men as aforesaid, shall be entitled to and have temporary

A.D. 1799. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 1. 267

Rank in his Majesty's Regular Forces equal to the Rank he shall haye held as such Militia Officer at th* J^ular Force*> Time of such Volunteering as aforesaid, and thereafter such permanent Rank as his Majesty shall think fit to grant; and every fuel) Officer so serving in his Majesty's Regular Forces^as aforesaid, withtemjxj- "Arary rary Rank only therein, shall, uporr, his Reduction as such Officer, be entitled, to and receive the Half Pay of the Rank in which he shall have been serving at the Time of his Rffcluftion, as if such Rank had been permanent. V

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Non-commissioned Officer, Corporal, Drummer, or Private Militia Man* shall be entitled to enlist under this Act who diali be in Confinement under any Sentence of any Court-martial, or who shall be under Confinement with a View to being tried by any Court-martial, until he shall have suffered ihe Sentence of such Court-martial; and that no Non-commissioned Officer, Corporal, Drummer, or Private Militia Man, shall be entitled to his Discharge, or to enlist under this Act, who shall have been in Confinp*nene, or who shall have been sentenced to any Punishment by any Court-martial for any Offence committed between the twenty-fourth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and the Time of his so offering to enlist, unless he shall obtain the Consent of the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia.in whfleii he shall be serving at the Time of his being desirous of enlisting as aforesaid.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person serving in the Militif*who shall be usually employed as a Musician in the Band of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, to which he shall belong, or shall be usually employed as an A|Jnourer in any such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, shall be entitled to his Discharge, or to efilift into his Majesty's Regular Forces under his Act, unless he shall obtain the Consent for that Purpose of the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia in which he shall be then serving.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for thefl Colonel or Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, to refuse to discharge any Non-commissioned Officer, Corporal, Drummer, or Private Militia Man, who shall dfcfire his Discharge for the Purpose of being enlisted, under this Act, into his Majesty's Regular Forces, upon assigning, in Writing, to the GeneiaT Officer commanding in the Dittrift within which such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia shall be quartered, or to the Adjutant General of his Majesty's Forces where there shall not be any such General Officer as aforesaid, such Cause for his Refusal as shall be deemed sufficient by such General Officer^or Adjutant General, as the Case may be. mm

w Persons discharged for the Purpose of being so enlisted, and refusing Co to do, shall belong to the Regiment from which discharged. §12.".

XIII/ Provided also, and be it further enacted, Th# it shall he lawful for the Commanding Officer for Non-pommif-the Tinflf being of any Regiment of the Line into which any such Non-commissioned Officer, Corporal, or ?oned officers. Drummer, shall have enlisted under this Act, or for the Commanding Officer of any Battalion of any fuel)

Regiment in which such Non-commissioned Officer, Corporal, or Drummer shall serve, to reduce, at his Discretion, any such Non-commissioned Officer, Corporal, or Drummer, to the Rank of a Private Soldier in the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of his Majesty's Forces in which he shall serve as such Non-commissioned Officer, Corporal, or Drummer as aforesaid, ia case of any Misconduct, or for any such sufficient £ause as would, according to the Usage^nd Practice that obtain in his Majesty's Regular Forces, occasion the Reduction of any Non-commissioned Officer, Corporal, or Drummer to the Rank of a Private Soldier.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall authorize any Colonel or Commanding Officer as aforesaid to discharge, or cause to be discharged, under any of the Provisions of this Act, any greater Number of such Men of the Militia of any County, Riding, or Place, as shall be desirous of enlisting, and shall be enlisted under this Act, than will, together with the Number of Men discharged for the Purpose of being enlisted* into the Regular Forces under the said recited Act, amount in the Whole to three Fifths of the Number of Men required as the Quota of such County, Riding, or Place, by the said Act of the last Session of Parliament.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant, or in the Absence of the Lieutenant, any three Deputy Lieutenants, authorised by his Majesty to act as Lieutenant, of every County, Riding, and Place aforesaid, shall, within ten Days after the receiving of any Order for that Purpose from his Majesty, signified by his Majesty's Secretary of State, transmit to his Majesty's Privy Council an accurate Account, in Writing, of the Number of Persons that shall have been discharged from the Militia of their respective Counties, Ridings, and Places, and enlisted, in the Regular Forces under this Act; which Accounts shall, in all Cases where the same may be necessary, he transmitted, by the Commanding Officers of such Militia to such Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, for that Purpose.

to them by the Commanding Officer of the MiJkia.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, His Majesty, by any Warrant under his Sign Manual, directed to the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid,

from Time to Time, when and as often as he shall think fit, to disembody any Number of Militia Men Militia Men to be without Regard to whether such Men were raised under an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign dismissed to of his present Majesty, or under two several Acts passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his pre- their respective font Majesty, or raised after the passing of this Act; an!, for that Purpose, to authorize and direct any Abodes.

porary Rank therein,' and Half Pay.

Persons confined under Sentence of Courts martial, &c. not entitled, to cflUift, but provisionally.

Musicians or Armowers not entitled to enlist, without Chr.sent of the Commanding Officer.

Commanding Officer* of Militia may refuse to dil’Char Person* desirous of enlisting into the Regular Forces* upon assigning a sufficient Cause.

Corporals, or Drummers, enlisted into the Regulars, may be reduced to Privates.

Commanding Officers shall not discharge in the Wl.oxe, under this or the former Adf, more than 3-5H1S of the Quota for the County.

County Lieutenants shall transmit to tire Privy Council an Account of the Number of Men discharged, which, when necessary, shall be transmitted

268 C. 1. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Not more »n the Whole to be dismissed and discharged than three Fifths of the Quota for the County. Persons so dif-sniired, or fe-ledted so to be, may enhrt in the Regular Forces, and such as do not so ill renuin liable to serve in the Militia, and shall join when required.

Colonel or Commanding Officer of any Militia to disembody and-dismiss, to their respective Places of "Abode, any such Number of Militia Men aforesaid as his Majesty shall think fit; and every such Colonel or Commanding Officer shall, withit) fourteen Days after the hiding of any Warrant as aforesaid, proceed* according to the Directions of fuckWarrant, to disembody and dismissf such Militia Men aforesaid to their respective Places of Abode, in Manner and at the Times in such Warrant mentioned.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall authorize his Majesty to disembody and dismiss any greater Number of Militia Men than will, together with the Number of Men discharged under the said recited Act and this Act, for the Purpose of being enlisted into his Majesty's Regular Forces, amount in the Whole to three Fifths of the Number of Men required as the Quota of such County, Riding, or Place, by the said Act of the last Session of Parliament.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That al!*Persons so disembodied and difnwfled as aforesaid, or selected or fixed upon for the Purpose of being so disembodied or dismissed as aforesaid, from any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, may, during the Time of their remaining so disembodied as aforesaid, or at any Time after they shall have left the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, under any Or.

His Majesty may rctaigpffi. cers, See. not-withstanding tht Reduction eft he Numbers of Militia Men.

His Majesty may make a new Arrangement of the Establishment of the Militia.

His Majesty may issue Orders for the Execution of this Act through the Secretary of State to Lords Lieu, tenants and Colonels*

fSommanding Cfocers of Mi-Lua to transmit to the Clerk of General Meet-

der of the Colonel or Commanding Officer thereof, for the Purpose of being so disembodied or dtfmiired as aforesaid, enlist in his Majesty's Regular Forces; and that all persons so disembodied and dismissed as aforesaid, who shall not, during such Time as aforesaid, enlist in any of his Majesty's Regular Forces, shall remain liable to serve in the same Militia, (unless any such Perfoi*shall be elided to his Discharge under the Provisions of any Act or Acts now in force,) and shall and they are hereby required to join any Regiment, Battalion, and Corps of Militia, serving for the County, Riding, or Place, from the Militia of which they shall have been respectively dismissed, whenever called upon so to do, either for the Purpose of supplying the Vacancies which may arise incite said Militia, or whenever they shall be again embodied under any Warrant under his Majesty's Sign Manual, which Warrant, as aforesaid, his Majesty is hereby empowered to issue whenever he shall think fit, and shall be and remain subject to all such and the like Rules and Orders* and to ail and the like Pains and Penalties, as any other Persons enrolled to serve in the Militia are subject and liable to by any Act or Acts now in force, at such Times as the said Militia shall not be embodied under the said Acts, or as such Persons are subject and liable to at the Time of the embodying of any Militia.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by any Order signified by his Majesty's Secretary of State, to direct any Number of Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Corporals, or Drummers, actualfy serving in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia at the Time of any Reduction of the Number of the Private Men of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, by the Discharge of Men for the Purpose of enlisting into the Regular Forces under this Act, to be rerained during the Continuance. of the present War, or for so long Time during the Continuance thereof as his Majesty shall think fit, as Officers* Non-commissioned Officers, CorportflsJ and Drummers respectively* of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, although by Reason thereof the Number of Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Corporals, ani Drummers respectively, of any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall, after such Reduction of the Number of Private Men therein as aforesaid, exceed the Proportion of Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Corporals, and Drummers respectively, prescribed for any Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Company of Militia, by any Act or Acts now in for ce; and all such Officers, Non-commissioned Officers* Corporals, and Drummers, so retained as aforesaid, shall be entitled to such Pay, Emoluments, and Advantages as other Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Corporals, and Drummers respectively, are by Law entitled unto; any Thing in any Law or Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, whenever he shall think proper

after the Daffing of this Act, to cause the Militia of any County, Riding, or Place, to be formed into such and such Number of Regiments, Battalions, or Companies as his Majesty shall deem expedient, Regard being had to the RedudUon that shall have taken place in the Militia of such County, Riding, or Place, by the Enlistment of Men into the Regular Forces under the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, or this Act, or by the Disembodying of any Militia Men by his Majesty under this Act; and conforming in every such Case, as near as the Proportions of Men left after such Reduction as aforesaid will admit, to the original Establishment of the Militia of such County, Riding, or Place, with respect to the Regiments, Battalions, or Companies of which the same was composed under the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by any Order signified by his Majesty's Secretary of State, at any Time, from Time to Time during the Execution of this Act, or any Part thereof, to give such Orders and Directions to the Lieutenants, or in the Vacancy of the Office or Absence of any Lord Lieutenant, to the D< puty Lieutenants authorised to act as Lieutenant, or to the respective Colonels and Commanding Officers of any Regiments, Battalions, or Corps of Militia, of every County, Riding, and Place aforesaid, as his Majesty shall from Time to Time think expedient and necessary for the Execution of this Act; and the several Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants, and Colonels and Commanding Officers aforesaid, shall proceed forthwith, in pursuance of his Majesty Orders, to do all such Acts as shall be necessary for the Purpose of carrying such Order into Execution, and for the due Execution of ti.e Provisions of this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Colonel or Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia shall, within twenty Days, or as soon as conveniently may be, after the issuing of any Warrant under this Act for the disembody ing and difmiifing any Militia Men belonging to such Regiment, Battalion*.or Corps, transmit, or cause to be transmitted, to the Clerk of the General Meeting of

A.D. 1799. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. !*—3V

Lieutenancy of the County, Riding, or Place, to which such Militia shall belong, a List of all such Militia Men as shall have been disembodied and dismissedin pursuance of any such Warrant as aforesaid 5 and a of Mea every such List shall be made in the follo wing Form 1 " disembodied.

Dated the Day of

Name of the County, &c. Names of the Men disembodied and dismissfed. / If Substitutes, for whom they serve. Qf ihe Parish of In the Hundred of

J. B. — p. H.

* E*F. an. M. ‘ N.

And the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants acting for such County, Riding, or Place, shall ckufe the Men Lieutenant* to' necessary for supplying any Vacancies that may hereafter arise in the Militia of such County, Riding, or supply Va n-Place, to be ballotted for out of the Persons returned in any such List as aforesaid, until fit Persons shall be the

found to supply such Vacancies, and so from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, so long as any of pirfons baliot-the Persons returned in any such List can be found fit to supply such Vacancies as aforesaid; and every Per* ted to serve the son so ballotted to supply any such Vacancy, who shall not be deemed by such Lieutenant or Depucy Lieu- Remainder of tenants unfit by Reason of Sickness or bodily Inability, shall serve in the Militia of such County, Riding, or T*rac, Place, upon the Conditions, and for the Remainder of the Time for which such Person shall have Deen engaged to serve in such Militia before he was disembodied and dtfmifled as aforesaid; and whenever and as nuffiom soon as all the Persons returned m any such List or Lists that can be found to supply such Vacancies as aforesaid, shall by Ballot have supplied such Vacancies as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Men necessary for supp lying stich future Vacancies 'as may arise in such Militia, shall be raised, chosen, and ballotted for* ih Manner directed by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

Every Officer appointed by his Majesty, or any Person authorised by the Commander in Chief, may enhft: Militia Men disembodied and willing to serve in the Regular Forces, §23. Act shall not authorize enlisting any Militia Men unless discharged, or to be disembodied, as before mentioned. §24. On Pro- du&ton of Certificate to the Lieutenant, of any Militia Man*9 having enlisted into the Regular Forces, he*

shall cause his Name to be discharged from the Lift of Men serving for the County, which shall not be obliged to ballot for another Man* f 25, Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §26/r

---

CAP. II.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred.

[12th October 1799.]

[To June 24, 1801.]

CAP. III.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred.

[11th October 1799.]

[See c. 31. appointing additional commissioners to execute this Act; and c. 68 for extending the Powers of such Commissioners to act as Commissioners of Land Tax.]

(For one Year from March 25, 1800.)

[Surplus Monies arising from the Duties imposed by 39 Geo. 3. c. 3. and by this Act, to be carried to the Consolidated Fund.]

---

XXXVII. AND be it further enacted, That the Surplus of the Monies arising from the Rates, Duties, and Assessments granted and inaposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, on Sugar, Malt; Tobacco, and Snuff, after the paying oft and satisfying all Sums of Money advanced and lent upon the Security of that Act, not exceeding the Sum of two Millions, together with all Interest due or to become due thereon, or reserving sufficient for the Purposes aforesaid at the Receipt of the Exchequer; and also all the Surplus of Monies arising from the Rates, Duties, and Assessments, granted and imposed by this Act, after paying off and satisfying all the Monies advanced or lent upon the Security of this Act, not exceeding the Sum of two Millions, together with all Interest that may become due on any such Sums, shall, as the Surplus of any such Monies respectively shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

[S*e 37 Geo. 3. (. 127.]

How Bonds shall be made, and Wares or Merchandizes depofucd as Securities, &c.

---

270 C. 4, 5. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

CAP. IV.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred; and for permitting Exchequer Bills, issued under an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for other Purposes, if not paid by a certain Day, to be received in Payment of any of the Branches of the Publick Revenue.

[12th October 1799.]

---

" 2,500,000 / may be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills before April 5, 1800. § r, 2. Exchequer Bills u lo issued not to be received in Payment of the Revenue, or at the Exchequer, till October 10, 1800. $3.

K To be repaid out of the first five Instalments of any Loan granted in this Session, and in default of Paymen: therefrom before October 10, 1800, the same shall become chargeable on the Consolidated Fund c< after January 5, 1801. §4. Excheviuer Bills issued in pursuance of 39 Geo. III. c. 114. §1 — 9. if not discharged before April5, 1800. may be received in Payment of any Revenue. §7.

---

CAP. V.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount and in the Manner therein mentioned, for the Relief of the Merchants of Liverpool and Lancaster.

[12th October 1799.]

---

'Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS it is expedient that your Majesty should be enabled to direct Exchequer Bills, to the Amount of five hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued to Commissioners, to be by them advanced,

under certain Regulations and Restrictions, for the Assistance and Accommodation of such Persons, being * Merchants, carrying on Trade within the I owns of Liverpool and Lancaster respectively, as shall be de- firous of receiving the same, on due Security being given for the Re-payment of the Sums so advanced within a Time to be limited May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted, &c.

His Majesty may empower the Treasury to direct Exchequer Bills to be made out, agreeably to the Mai* 44 Act [c. 2.] of the present Session- §1, 2. Bills to bear Interest not exceeding 2 d. 2 q. per Cent, ptr Diem> and to be payable one Half on April 5, and the other Half on July 5, 1800. §3. Bills not to be received for any Duty, &c, before the Days appointed for their Payment, §4. Commissioners ap- printed. §5. Commissioners to take an Oath of Fidelity, which any two may administer. $6. Commissioners may meet, appoint Officers, allow Salaries, administer Oaths, §7. Commissioners may examine upon Oath Parties willing to be examined, and receive Depositions made before Magistrates. §8. Treasury to issue Money for defraying the Charges of executing this Act, of which an Account shall be laid before Parliament. §9. Persons giving false Evidence to be subject to the Penalties for Perjury, §10. Commissioners shall meet to receive, or appoint a Person to receive, Applications for the Loan of Exchequer Bills, and certify the Amount immediately wanted, to the Treasury, who shall direct the issue. $ U. Commissioners to class Applications, and establish Regulations, for apportioning the Sums to be advanced- §12. Commissioners to give Certificates of the Amount of Bills apportioned, which shall be 44 a Warrant for their Delivery. Bills to bear the Date of Issues. Commissioners may alter Regulations. 4 13. Commissioners to appoint Days for conflicting Applications, from Time to Tirpe, and the Treasury may direct further Bills to be issued, (sfc. j 14. Lists of B»1L made out to be delivered to the Commissioners §15. Persons to whom Bills are advanced to give Bond to the King, according to the Direction of the Commissioners. §16."

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Securities, which shall be entered into by the Person or Persons to whom and to whose Account any such Exchequer Bills shall be advanced, shall be made in such Sum, not less than the Amount of the Principal Sums contained in such Exchequer Bills, as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them,* shall in their Discretion direct; *md that in every such Case the Party or Parties shall also deposit, or cause to be deposited, in the Custody of the said Commissioners, or of such Persons as they shall appoint, by Writing under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, Wares or Merchandizes of the proper Goods of such Party or Parties, or in his or their Possession and Disposition, and wherein he or they shall have a specific Interest to a certain Amount, which shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners, (the Duties of Customs and Excise payable upon the same, in case any such Duties shall by Law be payable upon such Goods, being first duly satisfied, or for which Bonds shall have been taken for the due Payment of the same^under the Authority of any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament, and which shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons is they shall appoint,) hearing a Proportion not less than twice the Value of the Principal Sums so to be advanced; and which Wares or Merchandizes shall be delivered to the said Commissioners, or to such Persons as they shall appoint as aforesaid, at such Place or Places herein after mentioned, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall appoint, and shall be secured and kept in proper Warehouses, at such Places respectively to be approved of by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them* under such Regulations as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall

A.D. 1799. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 5. 271

prescribe j and such Wares and Merchandises shall not be liable to be attached, or seized or removed, or taken from or out of the Custody of the said Commissioners, by any Process, either in Law or Equity^ or by or under any Commission of Bankruptcy not actually issued at the Time when such Deposit shall be made, unless the Principal Sums contained in such Exchequer Bills as shall be advanced or lent on the ^Security of the said Wares or Merchandizes, together with such Interest as shall be directed to be paid by this Act, shall befirft paid or satisfied, at the Times or in the Manner herein after mentioned, or without having obtained the previous Consent of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, under their Hands, for such Attachment or Seizure, or for the Removal of the same according to the Directions of this Act, or by the Order of the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, as herein after is mentioned.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it any Question shall arise respecting the Property of any Wares or Merchandizes which shall be deposited as aforesaid, or any Interest therein, or the Money arising by Sale thereof, or any Pafrt thereof, any Person or Persons claiming such Wares or Merchandizes, or any Interest therein, or the Produce thereof, or any Part thereof, shall and may apply in a summary Way, by Motion or otherwise, touching the same, to the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, as the Case may require, who shall proceed to enouire into the Validity of such Claim, and shall thereupon order such Wares or Merchandizes, or any Part thereof or any Money which shall have arisen by Sale thereof, or any Part thereof, to be delivered or paid to such Perforl or Persons, upon such Terms and in such Manner as the said Court shall dhreft.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners appointed by this Act to advance and lend Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, on such Security of the Person or Persons requiring such Advance as aforesaid, and on Wares or Merchandizes being lodged and secured in the King’s Warehouses, or in Warehouses under the Management or Controul of the respective Commissioners of Customs and Excise, or either of them, or of their Officers in the Ports of Liverpool or Lancaster, of the Value of twice the Amount of the Exchequer Bills so to be advanced* calculated on the estimated Value of the said Wares or Merchandizes, exclusive of the Duties chargeable thereon; and that such Wares or Merchandizes shall remain in such Warehouses respectively, under the Management or Controul of such respective Commissioners of Customs and Excise under the several Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, now established by Law, except as herein is excepted; provided that no such Warts or Merchandizes shall be removed from any such Warehouses or Warehouse, without the Authority of the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, hgnified to such respective CommissionctS of Customs and Excise, or to such their Officers as aforesaid, determined by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two or more of the said Commissioners appointed by this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the principal Officers of Customs or Excise resident at Liverpool and Lancaster, or any other Officers or Officer of Customs or Excise at such Places respectively, being duly authorised by the respective principal Officers as aforesaid, shall receive into their Custody respectively, any Wares or Merchandizes intended to be deposed as a Security for any Loan to be advanced under this Act, and forthwith transmit a Certificate, under their or his Hands, to the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, certifying the Nature, Quantity, and Quality thereof.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Duty payable by Law for such Wares or Merchandizes, shall not be required or demanded during such Time as such Wares or Merchandizes shall remain in any such Warehouses or Warehouse under the Authority of this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to provide, from Time to Time, such Warehouses or Places as they shall deem requisite for lodging and securing all such Wares or Merchandizes as shall be deposited with them, under the Directions of this Act, at Liverpool and Lancaster, and not elsewhere; and to appoint the necessary Officers to attend and (Jave the Care of the said Wares or Merchandizes at such Warehouses or Places respectiv.eJy; and to cause all such Wares or Merchandizes, or the respective Packages containing the same, to be (lumbered, marked, weighed, or taken an Account of in such Manner, and from Time to Time, at such Times as the said Commissioners shall deem necessary, so as to avoid any Damage or Loss to the respective Proprietors thereof by Reason of such Deposits; and it shall be in the Discretion and Power of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to make all necessary Regulations from Time to Time for the Receipt, safe Custody, and Delivery out, of such Wares and Merchandizes deposited in such Warehouse or Warehouses, or other Places, and from Time to Time to permit the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, or their respective Agents or Factors, or other Persons duly authorised, to inspect, examine, and take reasonable Samples of the same, provided that upon the Application of the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Wares or Merchandizes deposited under this Act, and upon Proof made before the Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or before such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, but nevertheless to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners of the Expediency of re-delivering the same to such Proprietor or Proprietors, his or their Assignee or Assigns, for the Purpose of Trade, before the Sums advanced or lent thereon shall be paid or satisfied; and upon a Tender of such Security for the due Payment thereof as is herein mentioned, and of other Goods of equal Value to be deposited in like Manner, it shall and may be lawful for the said Comrtiiffionejrs, or any five or more of them, in their Discretion, to change the Security for such Loan, and todireft and order such Wares and Merchandizes to be re-delivered to such Pro-rietor or Proprietors, his or their Assignee or Assigns, on depositing other Goods as aforesaid of like Value, and giving such Security as by this Act is directed to be taken for the Payment of all the principal Sums-advanced and lent on the said Wares and Merchandizes, and which shall be then unpaid, together with such. Interest for the same as by this Act limited, at the respective Days or Times appointed for Payment of the same: and further, that where any Payment of the said principal Sums with Interest shall have been duly

made-

If any Question shall arise respecting Property deposited, it shall be determined by the Court of Exchequer.

Commissioners mRy advance Exchequer Hills on the Security of the Persons applying, and on Wares or Mer-chand.aes being lodged infCing’s. Warehouses,

&c.

Officers of CufV toms or Excise to receive Deposits, and transmit a Certificate to the Commissioners. Duties not to be demanded on Deposits while warehoused, Commissioners to provide Warehouses, appointufficers, &c. and may redeliver Depo-fits, in Parts proportioned to the Payment of the several In-flalments,

272 C. 5. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Permks, where ^required by Law, to be required for Re-anoval of the -like Goods from Warehouses.

made on or before the Day appointed for Payment thereof, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of ‘them, upon the Application of the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Wares or Merchandizes deposited as aforesaid, his, her, or their Assignee or Assigns shall direct and order a Part o'f such Wares and Merchandizes, theeftimated Value whereof shall, as near as conveniently may be in the Judgment of such Commissioners, bear the same Proportion to the estimated Value of the Whole, which such Principal Sum so repaid shall bear to the Whole of the principal Sums advanced and lent on any such Wares and Merchandizes, to be re-delivered to such Proprietor or Proprietors, his or their Assignee or Assigns, and so from Time to Time, on every such respective Instalment being so paid and satisfied on Qr before the Day when the same shall respectively become payable, and in like Manner shall re-deliver the Whole of such Wares and Merchandizes on Payment of all the principal Sums advanced and lent thereon, together with Interest; and that upon producing the Certificate or Certificates of the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, with the Receipt of the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England thereunto annexed, signifying the Payment thereof as aforesaid, the Officer or Officers having the Care of such Wares or Merchandizes shall deliver out of the Warehouse or Warehouses, or other Places wherein the same shall be so deposited, the Whole, or so much of the said Wares or Merchandizes as shall be mentioned or expressed in such Certificate or Certificates of such Commissioners.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases where a Permit shall be required by Law for the Removal of any Wares or Merchandizes from Place to Place within this Kingdom, such Permit shall be required in all Cases for the Removal of the like Wares or Merchandizes, to or from any Warehouse or Warehouses, to be.provided orofed under the Authority of this Act.

Persons depositing Goods to insure them from Fire, if required by the Commissioners.

Principal Sums advanced, with Interest, to be. paid by Instal-rnents, and in Default, the Deposits may be sold by Auction,

fu Proceedings against Obligors no Writ of feire facias requisite.

After Payment of Sums advanced, and Interest. Obligations to be delivered up.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons depositing. orcaufing to be deposited, any Wares or Merchandizes under this Act, shall, at his and their proper Charges, if required so to do by the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, cause the same to be insured from any Lofc by Fire, for and during such Time as the said Wares or Merchandizes shall be deposited in any, Warehouse or Warehouses, or other Place in pursuance of this Act, for such Sum or Sums of Money, and with such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the principal Sums contained in the Exchequer BiHs, which shall be advanced or lent by the said Commissioners under the Authority of this Act, shall be repaid, without Deduction or Abatement, together with Interest for the same, by Instalments, as herein after is mentioned; (that is to say,) the Principal Sum in each and every Exchequer Bill shall be repaid to the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, at their Office, together with Interest for the same at and after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Jnnum, by the Space of fifteen Days at lead before the Time when each such Exchequer Bill shall become payable, according to the Provisions of this Act, such Interest to be computed on the said Principal Sum from the Date of such Exchequer Bill to the Time of Payment thereof; and if any Default shall be made by any Person or Persons in the payment of such Sum or Sums of Money within the respective Times herein-before limited for Payment thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners hereby appointed, or any five or more of them, by any Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause so much as they shall think necessary of the Wares and Merchandizes deposited or befog in any such Warehouse or Warehouses, or other Places, by or on Account of such Defaulter or Defaulters, as a Security for such Payment, such Wares and Merchandizes not bearing a greater Proportion to the estimated Value of the Whole than the Sum so due and in Arrear shall bear to the whole Sum advanced on the Credit of such Wares or Merchandizes, to be appraised and sold at publick Auction, to the highest Bidder, under such Terms and Conditions of Sale as such Commissioners shall direct, for and towards satisfying such Partsxif the Sums advanced on such Wares and Merchandizes as shall be then due, together with Interest as aforesaid, and with fuqb*Cost^and Charges attending such Sale as shall be allowed by the said Commissioners, and the Money arising from such Sale shall be forthwith paid to the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, towards satisfying the Sum or Sums directed by such Commissioners to be raised thereby, and the Residue thereof shall be reserved at the said Bank of England, and cafried to the Account of future Payments to be made by such Defaulter or Defaulters, if any shall remain to be made, and the Overplus (if any be, after satisfying all Sums advanced on such Wares or Merchandizes, with the Interest, Cods, and' Charges as aforesaid) to be paid to such Defaulter or Defaulters, or such other Person or Persons as shall appear to such Commissioners to be entitled to the same, or such Person or Persons as he or they shall respectively appoint to receive the same.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Proceeding shall be directed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, against any of she Obligors or Obligor named in any such Obligation, no Writ or Writs of fare facias shall be required to be iiljied; but that upon the Production of the Warrant or Warrants of the said Commissioners as before mentioned, before any of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, an Extent shall and may issue in the first Process upon the Fiat of such Baron, without any Affidavit or other Verification or Proof of the Cause of such Proceeding than such Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That after due Payment of the Sums advanced, with Interest as aforesaid, at the Times and in the Manner herein specified, every such Obligation entered into in pursuance of this Act being fully satished according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be forthwith delivered up to be cancelled; and in case any such Obligation shall have been prosecuted according to the Directions of this Act, the said Commissioners, or any two or mere of them, shall, by their Warrant or Warrants,

A.D. 1799. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 5.

direct a proper Officer or Officers of the said respective Courts of Exchequer to enter up Satisfaction oft such Obligation or Obligations, to be satisfied as aforesaid, upon the Record, or other wise to deliver up the same to be cancelled as the Case may require.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Payment of any of the Instalments of tile Sums advanced by virtue of this Act maybe made either in Money or in any of the Exchequer Hills to be issued by virtue of this Act, which shall have become due at the Time of such Payment, or which shall be payable at a Period not later than fifteen Days next after the Day appointed by this Act for the Payment of such lnffalment, in Discharge of which such Exchequer Bills shall be paid.

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, by Writing under the Hands and Seals of any five or more of them, to authorize the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England to employ any Monies which shall be paid as aforesaid, in the Purchase of any Bills which shall be payable at the Period then next ensuing, and shall write thereqp, ift Words at length, the Day of the Month and Year in which he or they so purchased such Bills, to which respective Days the said Cashier or Cashiers shall be allowed the Interest, upon his or their paying the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid, provided that no Interest shall run or be paid upon ^or for any such Bills during the Time they shall remain in the Hands of such Cashier or Cashiers, but for such Time the Interest on every such Bill shall cease.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all Wares and Merchandizes deposited with the said Commissioners, under the Authority and for the Purposes of this Act, shall be for such Purposes vested in the said Commissioners by the Name of The Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills for the Relief of the Merchants of Liverpool and Lancaster; and that the said Commissioners shall and may sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit in Law or Equity to be brought or commenced by or against the said Commissioners on Account of this Act, in the Name of their Secretary for the Time being, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Secretary, or by the Act of such Secretary, without the Consent of the said Commissioners, but the Secretary to the said Commissioners for the Time being shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action or Suit, as the Case may be; and no Action or Suit shall be brought against the said Commissioners, coiledively or individually, or against their Secretary, except in the said Court of Exchequer, and with the Leave of such Court first had and obtained, and upon such Terms and Conditions as the said Court shall direct.

*73

Instalments may be made in Money, or with certain Exchequer Bills, issued under this Act*. Commissionert may authorize the Bank to cm* ploy Monies in Purchase of Bills.

IVpofits to be vested in the Commissioners, who may sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary.

No Action to be brought against the Commissioners, or their

Secretary, except in the Court of Exchequer, and with leave Of that Court.

*l Persons applying for Exchequer Bills for the Use of any Partnership, may give Notes in its Firm. §31.

"Separate Notes to be given for each instalment. §3a."

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Advance in Exchequer Bills shall be made to any WhercBilisshall

Person or Persons concerned in any Partnership, upon the Application of any Person or Persons to the said have been ap-Commissioners to make such Advance to the life of the said Partnership, and such Advance, or any Part tolh® use thereof, shall have been actually applied to the Use of the said Partnership, then the Estate and Effects of thei^Estates and such Partnership shall be liable and subject to and are hereby made chargeable with the Payment of the Sums mall be

advanced, and actually applied as aforesaid, with Interest for the same, and all Costs attending the Re- liable, covery thereof, as in case of Debt found on Record to the King’s Majesty, and in case it shall be made appear by Affidavit to any Baron of the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, that such Advance, or such Part

thereof as aforesaid, was actually applied to the Use of the said Partnership, and the same being found oA Record, it shall be lawful for such Baron to cause an Extent to be issued against the Estate and Effects of such Partnership, to the Amount of the Sum so actually applied, with Interest thereupon and Costs as aforesaid, in the same Manner as if the Advance so actually applied was an immediate Debt from all the Persons concerned in such Partnership to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Obligation or other Security entered into or given by Estate and EB.

any Person or Persons as aforesaid. who shall afterwards become Bankrupt within the true Intent and Bank-

Meaning of the several Statutes made, and now in Force, concerning Bankrupts, and against whom a [^1* Commission of Bankrupt shall be awarded and issued, shall, by reason and force of such Bankruptcy, and <V|ainis of the from the Time of such Bankruptcy, become and be forfeited, and due and payable as against such Bankrupt Commissioners or Bankrupts, and that all the Estate and Effects of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, which would be liable in Preference t» to satisfy the Demands of the Creditors seeking Relief under such Commission of Bankrupt, shall be liable all ottkUi* and subject to, and are hereby made chargeable with the Payment of the Principal and Interest, due upon

such Obligation or other Security, and all Costs attending the Recovery of the same, and that the Claims of the said Commissioners shall be first paid and satisfied out of the Estate and Effects of such Bankrupt, or Bankrupts, and in preference to the Claim of any other Creditor or Creditors, and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in the Name of their-Secretary for the Time being, to apply by Petition hi a summary Way to the proper Courts in England> having Jurisdiction of the Matters of such Commission' of Bankruptcy, to make due Order accordingly, which Tucn Courts respectively are hereby authorized and required to make.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in the Name of Secretary may their Secretary for the Time being, to apply by Petition or otherwise, to the proper Courrs for any Commit- ^tfy0^fCor^ fion of Bankruptcy against the Estate or Effects of any Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and to sue out ip like BaV.iuuptcK. Manner as any other Creditor or Creditors is or are by Law entitled to do.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners named in any Commission of Bankruptcy, Commissionm which shall at any Time hereafter be awarded and issued out, shall admit the Proof of any Deotor Grounds of BaBktl, ftcy

39 Ct 40 G-EO.ni.: Nn ci loadn,iUht

274

C. 5.

Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

Proof of Debts on the Oath of any Person appointed by the Commissioners under this Act, &c«

Act not to present the Execution of any Commission of Bankruptcy, provided the Alignment of the Effects

of Debt under this Act, on the Oath, Affirmation, or Affidavit, of any Person appointed by" the said Commissioners to aft in the Execution of this Act; which Oath, Affirmation, and Affidavit respectively, shall be taken and administered before any of the proper Officers having Authonry by Law to administer Oaths of Affirmations, or to take Affidavits in Case* of Bankruptcy, and shall permit such Person lo authorised by the said Commissioners to vote in the Choice of an Assignee or Assignees as the Case may require, of such Bankrupt’s Estate and Etf'efts, and to do and execute every other Act, Matter, and Thing, relating to such Bankruptcy, as fully and effectually as if such PerTn so authorised was the bona fide Creditor of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent, hinder, or delay, the Execution of any Commissron of Bankruptcy by< the Commissioners therein named, according to the Laws now in force in that Part of Great Britain called-England, provided that every Alignment of the Estate or Effects of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, under the said Commission, shall be subject to the Claims of the said Commissioners appointed by the said A<^, and; until the same shall be fully paid, or secured to be paid.

be ful jeit to the Claims of the Commissioners.

w Five Commissioners Efficient to act, unless otherwise provided. $ 38. The Bank shall open an Account* c< with the Commissioners. Commissioners shall grant Certificates of Bills advanced. Bank, on Productior* M of Certificates, shall receive Money, and acknowledge the Receipt, bV. When Money is raffed by Sale of, the Goods, isle, the Commissioners shall deliver to the Officers a like Certificate, on Production of which. " the Bank shall acknowledge the Receipt of the Money. Receipts shall be brought to the Commissioners to be entered and attested, which shall be a Discharge. §39."

Money paid to the Bank shall be paid into the Exchequer, for the Uses herein ipcelled*

Treasury to cause an Account to be taken of the Exchequer Bills made out, at the Time they become payable, whion may be discharged out of certain funds.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be paid into the Bank of England, under or by virtue of this Act, shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt^ of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other Monies; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of the Exchequer, a Book or Boob, in which all the Monies paid into the said Receipt, by virtue of this Act, shall be entered separate and apart from, all other Monies paid into the said Receipt, upon any other Account whatever; and that all the Monies so paid into the said Receipt, by virtue of this Act, shall be subject and liable to the Uses and Purposes herein after mentioned; (that is to say,) in the first Place, for paying off and discharging, all the Exchequer Bills, to be made out by virtue of this Act, with such Interest as shall be payable thereon at the respective Days, and Times, and in the Order and Course in which the same are hereby directed to b£ discharged; and all such Exchequer Bills, and Interest thereon as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable utx>n and shall be repaid and borne by and out of the first Monies that shall arise in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer accordingly; and after paying off and discharging the same, in the next Place, to pay off all* the Charges and Expences which shall be incurred by the said Commissioners hereby appointed in carrying this Act into Execution, and to make good all such Sums as shall have been issued to the said Commissioners* out of the publick Monies, towards the said Charges and Expences, in pursuance of the Orders of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord Hi^h Treasurer for the Time being, according to the Directions of this Act; and also to pay and satisfy.all Charges and Expences incident to or attending the making out such Exchequer Bills; and if any Surplus shall remain of the Monies paid into the said Receipt, by virtue of this Act, after satisfying the several Sums hereby, charged thereon as aforesaid, such Surplus shall be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That on the several Days and Times on which such Exchequer Bills-are hereby directed to be discharged; that is to say, on the fifth Day of /.Ipril and the fifth Day of July mo. thousand eight hundred, the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, shall cause a true and perfect Account in Writing to be: taken and attested by the proper Officers, of all the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, which shall become payable on the respective Days and Times before specified, and of the Monies which shall then be in the said Receipt applicable to the paying off and discharging the same; and if the Money which shall have arisen in the said Exchequer for or on Account of the Payments to be made by the Bank, of England, by virtue of this Act, on the respective Periods before-mentioned, shall not be sufficient to discharge the whole Principal and Iiitereit due as aforesaid on the several Exchequer Bills to be issued in pursuance of this Act, then such Deficiency shall and may be supplied and made good by and out of the Aids or Supplies which shall have been or shall be granted in this or any subsequent Session of Parliament; and in* case the Monies arising from such Aids or Supplies shall not at that Time be sufficient for that Purpose, then all the said Exchequer Bills remaining undischarged, with the Interest and Charges incident to or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Monies as, at any Time: or Times after any such Deficiency shall happen, shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the Consolidated Fund, (except such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund as are appropriated to any particularUseor Uses by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf,) and such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund shall 2nd may be issued and applied from Time to Time, as Yoon as the same can be regularly Bated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and *discharging, such remaining Exchequer Bills, Interest, and Charges, until the Whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or Money: sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

A.D. 1799. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 5, 6. 275

XLII. Provided always and be it further enacted, That whatever Monies shall be so issued out of the said Monks issued Consolidated Fund, shall from Time to Time be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be thenafter ®u? of granted in Parliament 5 any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.' to be replaced

out of the first Supplies,

XLIII. Provided also, That whatever Monies shall be afterwards paid by the Bank of England into the said Monies afor-Receipt, in pursuance of this Act, shall be applied towards replacing the Monies before issued of the said '^ar^sp^ld *to Aids or Supplies, or out of the said Consolidated Fund, as the Case may be; any ^Tiling herein contained ^appU^dVo to the contrary notwithstanding. '. replace former

Bank may advance Money on the Credit of this Act. §44. Commissioners to give an Account of their lirucs# Proceedings to the Treasury. §45. Majority of Commissioners may fill up Vacancies, by Death, &c.

with Content of the Treasury. §46. Persons advancing Exchequer Bills may charge 5 /. per Cent. Inte- rest. §47. Bonds, Notes, Receipts, &c. not liable to Stamp Duty. $ 48. Goods may be sold free of Auction Duty. §49. Limitation of Actions (Six Months), with 14 Days’ Notice required, and Ten- der of Amends allowed- Actions to be brought only in the Exchequer, and laid in Middlesex. General Issue. Treble Costs. §50. Persons counterfeiting Certificates, guilty of Felony, without Clergy.

" §51."

LII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence from and immediately after the same shall Commencement have received the Royal Assent. Ss, # # of Adh

LIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where ,an Oath may be administered by this Act, it Affirmations (hairbe lawful to administer an Affirmation in lieu thereof, as the Case may require. may bc admi*

niftered.

Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §54."

---

CAP. VI.

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, on the Credit of such Monies as may arise by virtue of an Act of the thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting certain additional Duties of Customs on Goods exported and imported, and on Tonnage of Ships entering Outwards or Inwards to or from Foreign Parts, until the signing the preliminary Articles of Peace; and upon an Act of last Session of Parliament for granting certain Duties upon Income.

[12th October 1799.]

---

WHEREAS it may be necessary for tbs Publick Service, that Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount,

should be issued on the Credit of such Monies as shall arise by virtue of an Act passed in the thirty- 3S GEO. 3.C. 7$.' eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the letter Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage of certain Ships entering outwards or inwards to or from foreign Parts, until the signing the prelt- urinary Articles of Peace; and also that Exchequer Bills, to a further limited Amount, should be issued on the Credit of such Monies as shall arise by virtue of another Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, 390*0,3.0.13; 4 intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting \

an Aid and Contribution for the P ref cent ion of the War, and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income in lieu of the said Duties May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, Itfc.

The Treasury may, after OSI. 20, 1799, issue Exchequer Bills to the Amount of 3,000,000l. videlicet*

1,500,000l. on the Credit of the fit ft, and 1,500,000l. on the Credit of the last recited Act, payable in -4* three Months, to be prepared in Manner directed by Cap. 2. of this St (lion—Exchequer Bills so ifluqd not to be received in Payment of the Revenue or at the Exchequer till the same become payable. §2.

The Clauses, fsV. in Cap. 2. of this Session extended to this Act. §3.’’

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall Exchequer Bills smd may bear au Interest not exceeding the Rate of Three-pence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem^ upon or to b*ar an In* in respect of the Whole of the Monies respectively contained therein; and that all such Exchequer Bills that shall n >t be paid out of the Produce of the said Duties granted by the said first-mentioned Act of this Sef-' Cent per ' fion of Parliament, shall be receivable as Money in Payment for any publick Taxes, to the-Receipt of any Diem, &c. Branch of the publick Revenue, or in Payment of the Duties granted by the said Act, at any 'rime after the Expiration of mree Months from the Date of any such Bills respectively.

Bank authorised to advance 3,000,000l. on the Credit of this Act. } 5."

2? 6

[Carttirrued to '\ft Feb. jBoi.

test. C.Zi.J

No Spirits to be distilled from Corn or Grain, &c in Scotland ior a certain period.

Persons authorised by a Justice may, with an Officer of Excise, enter Stillhouses, &c. toinfpe&Ma- terials and Vtenfils, and if the Officer fuf-pe& Corn, Sec to be mixed in Wort, he may' take a Sample.

Penalty of zool. /Or obstructing Jufpcdion, or not allowing a Sample to be taken*

Com, &c.

found, maybe ftized with the 'Vessels.

After OO. 10,

1799, Distiliei* having more thin five Quarter* of Wheat, &c. (except m St.llhouse?,) to forfeit the same, and jol. per Quarter*

On Oath of Ground of Suspicion that _ more than five Quarter* of

---

276 C. 7. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

CAP. VII.

An Act to prohibit, until the first Day of March one thousand eight hundred*, the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or any Bran, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[12th October 1799.]

[* Continued to 1st Feb. 1801. Post. c. 21.]

---

'WHEREAS it is expedient that the Distillation of Low Wines or Spirits, and the making or preparing of Wort from Wheat, Barley, Malt, and all other Sorts of Grain, and from Meal, Flour,

or Bran, should be prohibited in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for a limited Time:’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twentieth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, until and upon the first Day of March one thousand eight hundred, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, no Low Wines or Spirits shall be brewed, made, prepared, extracted, or distilled, from any Wheat, Barley, Malt, or Tilts, or any other Sort of Corn or Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran, or any Mixture with the same.

Penalty of 500l. with the Corn, &c. for so distilling or attempting so to do. §2. Penalty not to extend to distilling from Wash openly brewed on or before Oct. 15, 1799. $ 3. Wheat, &c. found in any Still- house, &c, after Oct. 20, 1799, forfeited, and also 200l.

[as under 35 Geo. 3. c. 119. §2. 3. 4*] $4."

V. And be it further enacted, That during the Time herein-before limited, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, who shall be authorised for that Purpose by one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, at any Time or Times with any Officer of Excise, to enter into any Workhouse, Stillhouse, Storehouse, Warehouse, or any other Place whatsoever, wherein any Low Wines or Spirits,.or Wort or Wash shall be,

or are suspected to be preparing, or to be brewed, made, or extracted, distilled or prepared, or wherein

Low Wines or Wort or Wash shall have been made, brewed, extracted, distilled, or prepared, after the said twentieth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and shall have free Admittance into the same, and may inspect all the Materials, Vessels, and Utensils therein contained (giving thereby as little Interruption as may be to the Business which shall be carrying on); and in case any such Officer of Excise \

shall have Reason to suspe& that any Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Corn or Grain, or any Meal, Flour,

or Bran, is mixed in any Wort or Wash, or in any other Material or Preparation for brewing, making,

extracting, or distilling Low Wines, or Spirits, it shall be lawful for such Officer, at any Time or Times

during the said Term, upon Payment of two Shillings and Sixpence, to take a Sample not exceeding two* Quarts of such Wort or Wash, Material or Preparation, which shall be found in any such House or other Place aforesaid j and in case any Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, or the Owner or Occupier of any such House or Place, or any Workman or Servant to any such Distiller or Distillers. Maker or Makers, or Owner or Occupier belonging, shall refuse to admit such Person or Persons as*

shall be so authorised, or any Officer or Officers of Excise, into any such House or Place, or shall obstruct

or hinder any such Officer or Person or Persons, in making such Inspection as aforesaid, or shall not allow any such Officer to take such Sample after the said Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid or tendered for the same, every such Distiller or Maker, Owner or Occupier, shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds; and it shall be lawful for any such Officer of

Excise, or other Person or Persons authorised as aforesaid, having a Warrant for that Purpose from any such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, to seize, take, and carry away all such Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Corn or Grain, and all such Meal, Flour, and Bran, as shall be found in any such House or other Place, together with all the Vessels, Sacks, Bags, and other Things, in which the said Commodities shall be contained.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits for Sale or Exportation shall, after the twentieth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be possessed of, or have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, or in the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons in Trust or for the Use or Benefit of such Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, more than five Quarters of Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Wheat Flour, at any one Time in any one or more Place or Places, (not being a Place or Places for preparing, brewing, making, extracting, distilling, or keeping Wort or Wash, Low Wines, or Spirits,) every such Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers of Low Wines and Spirits, shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit all such Wheat, Wheat Meal, and Flour, exceeding the said Quantity of five Quarters, and also the Sum of ten Pounds for every Quarter so forfeited.

Penalty not to extend to Distillers being Growers of Wheat. §7. Nor to Persons being Millers before 44 20th Oct. 1799.

[as under 35 Geo. 3. c. x 19. §6.] $ 8."

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Officer or Officers of the Excise, or any other Person or Persons, shall at any Time or Times have Cause to suspect that any Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Wheat Flour, exceeding the Quantity of five Quarters, shall be laid or kept in any such Storehouse, Warehouse, Granary, or other Place or Places as aforesaid, belonging to any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or

A.D. 1799. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 7, 8. 277

Spirits, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then and in every such Case, upon Oath made Wheat, &c. are by such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace &c#

residing near the Place where such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, shall susped the same to officerTand be Jaidand kept, setting forth the Ground of his or their Suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for other Persons the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons shall may be autho-make Oath as aforesaid, (if he or they shall judge it reasonable,) by special Warrant under his or their re- *;ircd to fearcii spective Hands and Seals, to authorize and empower such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons Sur-

authorised as aforesaid, by Day or by Night, (but if in the Ni^ht, then in the Presence of a Constableor pjus. and the other lawful Officer of the Peace,) to enter into all and every btorehouse, Warehouse, Granary, or other Persons in Place or Places, where he or they shall so susped that any Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Wheat Flour, ex- whoseCurtody ceeding the Quantity of five Quarters as aforesaid, shall be laid or kept, belonging to any such Distiller or shall Distillers, Maker or Makers, of Low Wines or Spirits, and to seize, take, and carry away all such Wheat, 0 *per Wheat Meal, and Flour, as he or they shall so find, (over and above the said Quantity of five Quarters,) together with all the Vessels, Sacks, Bags, or other Things wherein the same shall be contained; and such Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers, of Low Wines or Spirits, or the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession such Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Flour, belonging to such Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers, shall be found, shall for every such Offence respectively forfeit and pay the said Penalty of ten Pounds for every Quarter exceeding the said Quantity of five Quarters; and the said Officer or Officers, Doors may be and other Person or Persons, is or are hereby empowered by such Warrant, together with such other Person brokenopen. or Persons as he or they shall take to his or their Assistance, to enter such Storehouses, Warehouses, Granaries, and other Place or Places, and break open the Doors thereof in case they be not forthwith opened n Demand.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, imposed by this Act, shall be Recovery and (ued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Application of Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action Penalties-

of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XI. And whereas there may have been Contracts made by Distillers, with several Persons, for Spirits, Contrafts for

Grains, or Yeast, to be delivered and received at future Times after the twentieth Day of October one Delivery of

thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine be it therefore enacted, That all Contracts or Bargains made

"by any Distiller or Distillers, with any Person or Persons whatsoever, for any Spirits, Grains, or Yeast, void?0*

to be delivered at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, shall be and are hereby declared to be null 9 and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Limitation of1 Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such AdVion or Suit shall be commenced within the Actions.

Space of one Calendar Month next after the Offence shall be committed, and the Court before whom such

Action or Suit shall be brought shall allow the Defender to plead this Act on his Defence, and if the Pursuer Aamay be shall not insist on his Action, or if Judgment shall be given against such Pursuer, the Defender shall and may pleaded, and recover the full and real Expences he may have been put to by any such Action or Suit. ^cov^ Expences.

---

"Commissioners of Excise to make an Allowance of the Duties on Stills, for the Time they are forbid to work. §13. His Majesty may authorize the making of Spirits from Grain, &c. at any Time after Oct. 20, 1799. §14. [as under 35 Geo. 2. c. 119. §11, 12.]"

CAP. VIII.

An Act for reducing, until the first Day of June one thousand eight hundred, the Duties upon* Spirits distilled from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith; for prohibiting the Distillation of Spirits from Wheat or Wheat Flour; and for reducing, until the twentieth Day of September one thousand eight hundred, and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch.

[12th October 1799.]

'WHEREAS it is expedient that a certain Proportion of the Duties of Excise now payable upon Wort or Wash brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, should be reduced for a limited Time:' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[Certain Proportions of the Duties upon Spirits dilliHed from Metallic* or Sugar in England, discontinued until sum 1, 1800, [until July 1, 1801.

That the several and respective Proportions following of the several Duties of Excise herein after mentioned, granted and imposed by the several and respective Acts herein after mentioned, upon any Wort or Wash brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith; that is to say. Two-pence three Farthings of the Duty of Eight-pence three Farthings, granted by an Act

Passed in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign; one Halfpenny of the Duty of one enny Halfpenny, granted by an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, made perpetual by an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; one Halfpenny of the Duty of one Penny Halfpenny, granted by an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign

Pc/?, c. 61.3

278 C. 8. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

tVirtUlers for Home Consumption from Mixtures of MciafTes or Sugar with Corrt or Grain, to have a Credit. of 20 Gallons of Spirits for every 100 of Wafti, and rtiall

Reign of his present Majesty; one Halfpenny of the Duty of one Penny Halfpenny, granted by an Act

Passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and one Halfpenny of the Duty of one Penny Halfpenny, granted by an Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of P our-pence three Farthings, out of the whole Amount of the said Duties of one Shilling and two Pence three Farthings, by the said several Acts granted, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be discontinued until and upon the first Day of June one thousand eight hundred.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That during the Continuance of this Act, every Distiller of Spirits for Home Consumption in that Part of Great Britain called England, from any Mixture of Metafiles or Sugar with Corn or Grain, shall, in the Books or Accounts of the Officers of Excise, be entitled to a Credit of twenty Gallons of Spirits 2nd no more, at the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, for every one hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash, made or brewed by such Distillers from any such Mixture; provided that if such Distiller shall extract more than twenty Gallons of Spirits, at the Strength aforesaid, for every one hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash, found in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, he or they shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings for every Gallon of Spirits so e^trafled above the Proportion aforesaid.

forfeit 5s. per Gallon for the Surplus.

Prohibitions on Distillers from using Melasses, suspended till June 1, 1800.

Distillers using Wheat in making Wott, to forfeit 5col.

Jtnd Persons assisting therein to forfeit aol. or be committed to House of Correction for three Months.

Act not to extend to the Maidstone Geneva Manufactory, except as to the Prohibition of the Use > of Wheat or Wheat Flour.

31.19s. 4d. per Cwt Part of the Duty of Customs shall be discontinued on Starch imported into Great Britain after Dec. 20, 1799, and before Sept, ao, 1800.

III. And whereas by the Laws now in force, Distillers or Makers of Spirits from Corn or Grainare prohibited from making use of any Melasses, Coarse Spgar, or any Composition, or Extract of Sugar, in the brewing, making, or preparing Wash for Distillation, or in making or extracting Spirits, and from receiving or taking into his Custody or Possession any such Melasses* Coarse Sugar, or Composition or Extract as aforesaid, exceeding ten Pounds Weight: Ami whereas it is expedient to suspend the said Pro- hibitions be it therefore enacted, That the said Prohibitions shall be, and the same are hereby suspended until the first: Day of June one thousand eight hundred $ any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, shall apply, spend, consume, or make use of, or cause, procure, permit, or suffer to be applied, spent, consumed, or made use of, any Wheat or Wheat Flour in the brewing, making, or preparing any Wort or Wash, for making or extracting Spirits; and if any DistiUcr or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, shall apply, spend, consume, or make use of,’ or cause, procure, permit, or fufter to be applied, spent, consumed, or made use of, any Wheat or Wheat Flour, in the brewing, making, or preparing any Wort or Wash, for making or extracting Spirits, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of five hundred Pounds; and every Servant of such Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers of Spirits, and every other Person who shall be aiding and assisting in the applying, spending, consuming, or making use of any Wheat or Wheat Flour, in the brewing, making, or preparing any Wort or Wash for making or extracting Spirits, or in carrying or conveying the same into the House, Still House, or other Place used by such Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers, of Low

Wines or Spirits, in the brewing, making, or preparing such Wort or Wash, shall also forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds, and in Default of Payment thereof, immediately upon Conviction, shall be liable to suffer three Months Imprisonment in the House of Correction, and to be kept to hard Labour during such Imprisonment.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to the Manufacture of Sprits called Maidstone Geneva, carried on at Maidstone, in the County of Kent by Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, or any or either of them, save and except so far as this Act prohibits any Distiller or Distillers from spending, consuming, or making use of any Wheat or Wheat Flour in the brewing, making, or preparing any Wort or Wash for making or extracting of Spirits.

VI. And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for other Purposes, a certain Duty of Customs of five Pounds five Sniffings, and Eight-pence is imposed for every Hundred Weight of Starch imported into Great Britain: And whereas it is expedient that for a limited Time the Duties on Starch imported should be lowered be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and until and upon the twentieth Day of September one thousand eight hundred, three Pounds nineteen Shillings and four Fence /vr Hundred Weight of Starch, Part of the said Duty of Customs imposed upon Starch imported into Great Britain, shall be and the same is hereby discontinued for and in respect of all such Starch as shall be imported int > Great Britain after the said twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and before the said twentieth Day of September one thousand eight hundred.

u In the Entry of Starch imported, the Number of Packages, and the Numbers and Marks on each, shall be inserted, on Pain of Forfeiture, with the Packages. §7 [as.under 36 Geo. 3. r.6. §10.]"

Starch imp#rt-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Starch imported or brought into this Kingdom ed, when shall, in order to ^certain the Duties payable thereon, have been weighed by the proper Officer or Officers vc, shed b*the of the Customs, the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs shall fecuie the same until the Delivery there-

Oftcc/S of the r nf

C.

A.D. 1799. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. 279

of into the Charge and Custody of the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, and upon the Delivery thereof Customs, faiil into the Custody of the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, the Importer or importers, Proprietor or dc

Proprietors, or Consignee or Conlignets thereof (had, at nis, her,’or their own proper Costs and Charges, remove all such Starch to and depnlit the lame in Inch convenient House, Warehouse, or Place, as the ofti.crspf Exproper Officer or Officers of Excise shall diredf; and thereupon such Importer or Importers, Propfietor or effi, and there-Proprietors, or Consignee 01 Configures, shall, on Ueing required by the proper Officer or Officers of Ex- upon t!,e i,n-cife so to dor immediately urap all such Starch in Papers of the Colours, or one of them, herein after mentioned.

Pounds

and no other, each such Paper containing not left than four Pounds Weight, nor more than seven duelled* and Weight (.fSia^ch; and also tie up eve; v such Wrapper where toe Ends of the Paper containing wii.nr quirtd such Starch thal] be folded, and a!so strongly affix or paste, with warm Paste made from Glue, on the Out- wrap.t up in fide of every such Wrapper, after the same (had be so tkd, a Label of very thm Paper, three Inches long, P»pe*s>i*d>?iit and three Inches broad at the lead, and of a different Colour from the Paper in wmcb the Surch shall [hoowinn^'of wrapped, that is to say, if such Starch shall be wrapped in blue or Drown Paper, the said Label shall be with tjlc ^aperwith-whiter and if such Starch shall be wrapped in white Paper, such Label shall be biue; and shall al;o affix and out taring tho paste every such Label on the Foldings of buffi Knd&ot the Paper enclosing such a (Quantity of Starch, and on

in such a Marnier as to prevent the opening of the saki Pa|>er containing such Staren without tearing, such Penalty oi 100L Label; and the proper (Officer or Officers of Excise shall attend to fee such Starch papered and tied, in Mao-r [‘fft/b Struts. ner aforesaid, and such. Label affixed and passed on every such Paper containing such Starch; and such CJf? crojfing ca b ficeror Officers shall cause every such Label affixed and patted on every such Paper containing Starch to be otrCtb°l^a!b%ft stamped or sealed, with such Stamp or Seal as shall be provided by the Commissioners of Excise in England 9gu *' e and Scotland respectively for that Purpose; and* if any such Importer or importers. Proprietor or Proprie- e, tors, or Comligr.ee or Consignees of Starch, imported or brought into this Kingdom, shall negleSi or refuse. fi>to remove any such Starch, or to deposit the vffie as aforesaid, or to wrap any such Starch in Paper as aforesaid, or to tie up any such Paper as aforesaid, or to affix or paste any such Label as aforesaid," all and every such Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee. or Consignees, so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds*

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, in England Commissioner* and Sf* respectively shall provide proper Stamps or Seals for the stamping or feaiing the Labels affixed or paftfedon Paper containing all Starch which shall be imported or brought into this Kingdom, and pre- d/ilnbute0 pared in pursuance of this Act, and shall cause such Stamps or Seals to be distributed to the proper Officers Stamps for La-« of Excise, for the Purpose before mentioned; which Officers are hereby enjoined and required, in using bels. the same, to do no Hurt or Damage, or the least Hurt or Damage that may be to the Starch, or to the officers to do Paper wherein the same shall be so wrapped; 'which Stamps or Seals shall and may be varied, altered, or, as Jit le Hurt as. renewed, from Time to Time, as the Paid Commissioners of Excise respectively, or the major Part of, may be in using them respectively, shall thitise fit. them.

Persons counterfeiting Stamps shall suffer Death; and Persons selling Starch with them, or fixing Labels*

to any Starch other than that stamped by the Officer, to forfeit 200l. §10.

[as under 36 Geo. 3. c. 6.]

u f l3‘] Imported Starch found not legally wrapped, to be forfeited with the Packages, and the Persons in whose Custody found, to forfeit 200l. § it. Act not to extend to Starch made into Hair Powder, or manufactureing into Hair Powder; or Blue, or Starch, not exceeding 23 lb. taken out for current Sale,

<4 § t2.

[as under 36 Geo '3 c. 6 £ 14./’

XIII. And whereas it may happen, that the Paper wherein any Starch imported shall be contained Starch legally after the same has been stamped as aforesaid may by Accident be broken or damaged be it therefore en- stamped may acted, That when the Paper wherein any such Starch shall be contained shall by any Accident be broken or be re-papered damaged, and the Starch [Maker or Dealer in Starch, to whom the same belongs, shall be desirous of wJienPapersPC having the same re-papered and re stamped, such Maker or Dealer shall give to the proper Officer or are accidentally Officers of Excise, within whose Survey he or she shall be, twenty-four Hours Notice, in Writing, that damaged, such Maker or Dealer desires to have such Starch re-papered and re-stamped, that thereupon, and upon the Prodadtion of such broken Paper, with the Label, and Stamp or Seal thereof* to such Officer or Officers, and leaving the same with hirn or them, it shall be lawful lor such Officer or Officers, being satisfied that such Starch had before been duly stamped or sealed as aforesaid, and that the Paper or Papers containing the same had been broken or damaged by Accident, as soon as is convenient after the Expiration of such twenty-four Hours, to re-stamp or re-leal such Starch, the same being re-papered and tied, and such Label as aforesaid being affixed thereon in Manner herein-before directed.

c Persons obstructing Officers to forfeit 200l. §14. Recovery and Application of Fines sued for by the.

Customs. §.15. Recovery and Application of Fines sued for by the Excise. §16. Limitation of Actions. General Issue may be pleaded in England. Treble Costs. Act may be pleaded in Scotland,

and Expences recovered. §17.

[as under 36 Geo. 3. c. 6*. §18 - 21.] Act may be altered or repealed.

this Session. §18* [See poJl> c. 61..J"

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect as to all such Matters and Commencement Things therein contained relating to Starch, in respect whereof no special Commencement is hereby di- and Continu redled or provided, from and after the twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and shall be and remain in force until and upon the twentieth Day of September one thousand eight. pe to hundred.

---

280 C. 9 - 11. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

CAP. IX.

An Act to continue, until the twentieth Day of February one thousand eight hundred, several Laws relating to the Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in his Majesty's Forces; to the empowering his Majesty to accept the Services of such Parts of the Militia of this Kingdom as may offer to serve in Ireland; to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose; to the authorising his Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade to the Cape of Good Hope; to the establishing Courts of Judicature in the island of Newfoundland; to the enabling his Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into this Kingdom in neutral Ships; and to continue, until the thirtieth Day of September one thousand eight hundred, an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for enabling his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty.

[12th October 1799.]

---

The following Acts continued till February 20, 1800: viz. $7 Geo. III. Cap. 70. (Seepofl. c. 16.)— 44 38 Geo. III. Cap. 66. as continued by 39 Geo. III. Cap. 5. (bee pofl. c. 15.) — 35 Geo. III. Cap. 15. 44 35 III. Cap. So. \6 Geo. \ll. Cap. 76. (See post. c. 17. % 2.)—37 Geo. III. Cap.zx. (See pop.

c. 17. §3.) — 33 Geo. III. Cap. 76. (Seepofl. c. 17. §1.)—39 Geo. III. Cap. lit. {Seepofl. c. 17 §4.) 44 —39 Geo. Hl. Cap. 87. recited, and continued till Sept. 30, 1800. § z.]"

---

CAP. X.

An Act to extend the Period, limited by an Act of the last Session of Parliament*, for the Benefit of Preference to certain Bodies, Companies, and Persons, in contracting for the Redemption of Land Tax, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred†.

[12th October 1799.]

[* 39 Geo. 3. c. 108. §18.]

[† Extended to 25th March 1801. post. §1, of c. 30. of this Session.]

CAP. XI.

An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties upon Income, as relates to the Appropriation of the said Duties and of the Duties upon Goods imported and exported, granted by an Act of the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

[12th October 1799.]

---

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties upon Income and other Purposes, and by another Act passed in the same Session of Parliament for granting 3g Geo. 3. c. 13. c certain Powers to the Commercial Commissioners appointed under the said first mentioned Act. and for ex-Ac 41. and / 4 plaining and amending the said Act, all the Monies arising from the additional Rates and Assessments, or from j3& Geo. 3.«. 16. Payments at the Bank of England!, by an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present

recited. Majesty, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, together with the Duties

granted by another Act of the same Session, for granting hew and additional Duties on Goods imported and exported, and for other Purposes, and by the said before mentioned Act, for granting certain Duties upon Income and other Purposes, which should be paid into the said Receipt of the Exchequer, were directed to be issued and applied, from Time to Time, as the same should be paid into the said Receipt, to the several Services and Purposes in the said two first mentioned Acts particu- larly mentioned and set forth: Andjvhereas'it is expedient that the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being should have the Power of carrying to the Account of or replacing to the

Consolidated Fund, all such Sums of Money as shall have been, or shall become payable, or shall have been paid, dr shall hereafter become payable, out of or from the Consolidated F und, for or in consequence of the Loan of eight Millions, in the said first-recited Act mentioned, or for or in consequence of the Loan of eleven Millions, Part of a certain Loan of fifteen Millions five hundred thousand Pounds, raised by an Act of the last Session of Parliament;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s m oft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Appropriation present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Monies arising from the said of Monies Rates and AflHTments, or from Payments at the Bank of England, in pursuance of or under any of the said

arising undar recited Acts, that have been or shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, which shall remain after the recited Acts. iflhing or reserving at the Receipt of Exchequer such Sums as shall be sufficient for the several Purposes mentioned in the said recited Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for explaining and amending the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties on Income, according to the Provisions of the said two last mentioned Acts, as far as the said Provisions relate to the Services voted by the Commons for the Service rif the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and to the Payment and Discharge of all Annuities, Interest, and Dividends, payable in consequence of the said Loan of eight Millions therein mentioned, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, from Tune to Time as the same shall arise and be paid into the Receipt of Exchequer, be issued and applied either to the Services voted by the Commons of Great Britain, for the-Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, or shall be voted by the said Commons for the Service of any subsequent Year, not exceeding ten Millions in any one Year; or for the Purpose of carrying to the Account of, or to replace to the Go il’oli-dated Fund all such Monies as shall have been, or shall hereafter be, issued out of the said Conteiidated Fund, or which shall at any Time hereafter be issuable out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Payment and - Dischatfe

A.D. 1799. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 11, 12. 281

Discharge of all Annuities, Interest, and Dividends which shall have, or shall, become payable in consequence of the said Loan of eight Millions, and of the said Loan of eleven Millions, herein-before mentioned j or of any other Loan or Loans which shall hereafter be charged on the said Rates and Duties, by any Act or Acts, or for the Purchase of Publick Annuities, to the Amount of the Publick Annuities created on the said «wo several Loans of eight Millions and eleven Millions respectively, or which may hereafter be created on «ny other Loan or Loans as aforesaid; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or any threoor more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are or is hereby authorised and required to issue and apply the same, either for the Services of each Year successively to the Amount yearly as aforesaid, or to the carrying to the Account of, or to the replacing to the Consolidated Fund, all such Monies as aforesaid, as they or he shall think most expedient and adviseable; 3nd after applying such Part of the said Monies as shall befufEcient for the Purposes aforesaid, or reserving the same at the Receipt of Exchequer, to apply the Surplus of the said Monies arising from the said Rates, Af- t.

feffinents, and Duties, in Manner directed by the said first recited Act of the hft Session of Parliament. *3* § Ii0*l

---

CAP. XII.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of the Customs to allow, until the first Day of April one thousand eight hundred, British Plantation Sugars to be warehoused; to revive so much of an Act, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation thereof; and for allowing, until the fifth Day of May one thousand eight hundred, certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported.

[12th October 1799.]

---

WHEREAS from the increased Importation of Sugar into this Kingdom in the present Year and from other Circumstances which have recently occurred, the Owners and Consignees thereof are utterly unable to find an immediate Market for large Quantities now on Hand, and a further Importation to a considerable Extent is expected; and it is therefore expedient that further Time should be given for the Payment of Duties on such Sugar imported, or to be imported into Great Britain after the passing of this Act, for which the Duties have not already been paid May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Ring’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, arld until the first Day of April one thousand eight hundred, if shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs for the Time being, in England and Scotland respectively, to take Bond to his Majesty from the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees, of any British Plantation Sugar* for the Payment of the Duties chargeable upon any such Sugar imported into any Port in Great Britain, at any Time after the passing of this Act, or upon any such Sugar in respect whereof such Duties shall not have been paid before the passing of this Act; and all Sugars so bonded as aforesaid shall be lodged and secured at the foie Expence of the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees thereof, under the joint Locks of his Majesty and such Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees thereof, in such Warehouse or Ware-houses as shall be fit for that Purpose, and shall be approved of by the said Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland, as the Case may be; and such Sugars shall not be delivered, cleared, or taken from any such Warehouse, unless or until the full Duties due and payable thereon shall be first paid to the proper Officer of the Customs; and if the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of such Sugar shall omit, neglect, or refuse to pay and satisfy all the Duties due and payable in respect of such Sugar within six Months from the Date of any Bond given under this Act for the Payment of the Duties upon such Sugar as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, at the Expiration of such Period as aforesaid, to cause such Sugar to be publickly sold to the best Bidder, at such Places as the said Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively shall think proper, and out of the Proceeds of such Sale to satisfy such Duties, together with all such Expences as shall have arisen relating to any such Sugar; and the Overplus (if any be) shall he paid to the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of such Sugar, or such other Person or Persons as shall be authorised to receive the same.

II. And whereas by an Act passed in the ldft Session of Parliament for granting to his Majesty certain 39 Geo. 3-c*3-4 additional Duties on Sugar imported and exported, and on Coffee exported, amf for reducing the Drawbacks allowed on the Exportation of Sugar, certain Provisions of an Act passed in the thirty-iecond Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, and for other Purposes, as far as the same related to the ascertaining the average Price of Sugar, in Manner in the said Act mentioned, or of regulating the AJowanceuf Drawback, or the Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, was repealed: And whereas it is expedient that the full Drawback and Bounty directed to be withheld by an Act of the thirty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, should be allowed in certain cases: And whereas it thereby becomes necessary that the several Provisions of the said Act of the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as far as the same relate to the ascertaining the average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback, of the Payment of Bounty on the c

Exportation of Sugar, should be revived;’ be it therefore enacted, Th*t, from and a'Ler the passing of »‘tiras rrui 59 &4oG£Q. III. SJv thlfe to ascertaining

UntH April r, 1F00, the Com-ovfTioaiers of Customs may take Bond for the Duties on British Plantation Suear imported into Great Britain; which Sugars Hull be warehoused, and if the Duticsare not paid within six Months, it ruay.be fold.

Geo. 3. c. 43.

h 7J

3'- Geo. 3. c. 2?.

282 C. 12, 13. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

this Act, the said Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and all the Ulaufes, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Directions, and Regulations therein contained, as far as the same relate to ascertaining the average Price of Sugar in the Manner therein mentioned, or of regulating the Allowance of Drawback, or the Payment of t&e Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, shall be, and the same are hereby revived, and shall be and remain in full Force during the * Continuance of this Act, except as any such Provisions, Directions, or Regulations are herein altered, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purpose§ whatsoever, as if all the said Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, and Directions, were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act; any Thing in, the said Act of the last Session of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and until the fifth Day of January one thousand eight hundred, the Whole of the Drawbacks and Bounty paid or payable on the Exportation of Sugar, directed to be withheld by the said Acts of the thirty-sixth and thirty-ninth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, shall be paid and allowed in like Manner, in every Respect, and subject to and under, and according jto the like Rules and Regulations, as any Drawbacks or Bounties were paid or allowed before the passing of the Act of the last Session of Parliament; and during all such ime as aforesaid, the Whole of the Duty imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament upon Sugar imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and ware-housed according to Law, and sold at the Sales of the said Company, IbalT, as to all such Sugar as shall be exported during the Time last aforesaid, be, and the same is hereby wholly discontinued; any Thing contained in the said Act of the last Session of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding. by the East India Company, and warehoused, shall be discontinued.

If on Jan-s, and

IV. And be it further enacted, That if, on the fifth Day of January and the fifth Day of Abril one thou-April 5,1 goo, fancj e;ght hundred, it shall appear by Notice in The London Gazette, in Manner directed in the said Act of S3: the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, that the average Prices of Brown or Muscovada Su^ar, taken as Sugar, taken in the Manner directed by the said Act made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for the six Weeks preceding, shall not have exceeded seventy Shillings for an hundred Weight, inclusive of the Duties of Customs paid or payable thereon on the Importation into Great Britain, then and in every such Case the Whole of the Drawbacks and Bounty, paid or payable on the Exportation of Sugar, directed to be withheld by the said Act of the thirty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign and by the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, shall be paid and allowed in like Manner, in every Respect, and subject to and under and according to the like Rules and Regulations, as any Drawbacks and Bounties were paid and allowed before the passing of the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, except as any such Rules or Regulations are altered by this Act; and the Whole of the Duty imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, upon Sugar imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies and warehoused according to Law, and sold at the Sales of the said Company, shall, upon the Delivery thereof out of the Warehouses for Exportation during the Time of any Drawbacks’or Bounties being paid or allowed under this Act, Be and the same are hereby wholly discontinued; any Thing in the said AClof the last Session of Parliament coned Hi nil be dif- tained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. continued on Delivery of he Sugar for Exportation.

Continuance of V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall, as to all the Matters and Things herein contained it—

Att, as to Draw* |ating to the paying and allowing any Drawback or Bounty, or discontinuing any Duty under this AChbave-

OT d^fcominui'ns Continuance until, the fifth. Day of May one thousand eight hundred. -

Duty*

the avenge Price of Sugar, or regulating the Drawback and Bounty on Exportation of Sugar revived.

Until Jan. 5,

1 Soo, the Drawbacks and Bounty on Sugar directed to be withheld by tl,e recited Acts of 36 and 39 Geo. 3. shall be allowed; and the Duty imposed by the said Act of 39 Geo. 3. on Sugar -imported

directed by 39 Geo. 3. c. 43. shall not have exceeded 70s. ptr cwt. the Drawbacks and Bounty Withheld by

36 Geo. 3. and 39 Geo. 3. shall be paid, and the said Duties on Sugar imported by the East India Company and warehous-

37 Geo. 3. c*27> and

39 Geo. 3. c.n, Mated.

Feifons rrayap- ply to the Com.

vulfioDtr* to

---

CAP. XIII.

An Act for allowing further Time for the Payment of Instalments on certain Sums of Money advanced by way of Loan to several Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

[12th October 1799.]

[See c. 101.]

[35 Geo. 3. c. 127.]

---

Whereas an Act was passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the

Act to certain Commissioners therein named to a large Amount, and were by them advanced to certain Persons connected with and trading to the Islands or Grenada and Saint Vincent, on certain Terms and Conditions: And whereas an Act was passed in the thirty-seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, for allowing f*urther Time for the Payment of Instalments to become due on certain Sums advanced by way of Loan, pursuant to the said Act; and for gracting further Relief to Persons connected with and trading to the said Islands: And whereas an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament for allowing further Time for the Payment of Instalments to become due on the said Loans: And whereas Circumstances have occurred which render it expedient to continue the Powers of the said Acts, and further to extend the Time for the Repayment of a certain Proportion, of the Instalments on the said Loans of Exchequer Bills*

upon the Terms and Conditions herein after speqificd* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal; and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to whom any such Relief shall have been granted under the said recited Acts, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and who respectively shall be desirous of enlarging or extending

A.D. 1799. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 13. 283

the Time limited by the said Acts for the Repayment of any Part of any Loan of such Exchequer Bills, to make Application to the Commissioners named and appointed under the said last mentioned Act, or such of them as shall be still living, who are hereby nominated and appointed Commissioners for executing this Act, for any/Enlargement or Extension of the Times limited for such Repayment, not exceeding the Times or the Proportions of any such Loan herein after specified; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorised to enlarge and extend the Time for the Repayment of any such Loan, in the Proportions as to what may be due thereon, and for the Times herein after specified, either upon the Obligation or Obligations, Security Or Securities, Surety or Sureties, heretofore accepted and made liable for Repayment of any such Loan, or any Interest thereon, without any other or new Obligation, Deed, or other Security, or Agreement whatsoever, other than such Consent of Sureties as herein after mentioned; or upon such other and new Secu* rity or Securities, or other and new Surety of Sureties, either for the Whole of any such Loan, or for any separate and distinct Part or Parts of any such Loan, upon new and separate and distinct Security or Securities, either with the former Sureties, or separate and new Sureties, for each separate and distinct Part of any such Loan, in lieu of any former Security or Securities, Surety or Sureties* as to them the said Commissioners shall seem properapd necessary; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and tfiey are hereby authorised to require any new Security or Securities* Surety or Sureties, whenever they shall think the same necessary, and to cancel and annul any former Obligation or Obligations, Security or Securities, and to separate and divide any such Loan or Loans, and to grant.such Enlargement and Extension of Time for each rart separately of any Loan so divided under this Act, and to require and take separate and distinct Securities for any such divided Part of such Loan; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to require the Appearance of any Party or Parties in any such Loan, and to proceed to examine into and determine the Sufficiency of any roch old or new Security or Securities, Surety of Sureties, in like Manner in every Respect as they are empowered by the said recited Acts to 'do with Respect to any Security or Securities, Surety or Sureties, to be proposed and given, previous to the Advance or Issue of any Exchequer Bills, or extending the Time for the Repayment of any such Loan, under the said recited Acts, or any or either of them.

have the Tinjc for Repayment of Loans extended, who. may extend it as herein fp#-cifitd-.

u Sureties willing to remain so for Repayment of any Loart, or of any Part thereof,^ separated under this Act, at the extended Times, shall signify their Consent to the Secretary, in the Form in the Schedule u A. § a.*’

III. And be it further enacted, That within seven Days after this Act shall have received the Royal Af- dommiflio^rs sent, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall meet to receive, or to appoint a proper lo.mcctto rc- Person or Persons to receive, all such Applications in Writing as shall be made to them for such Enlargement ^’persons to *>r Extension of the Times for the Repayment of the Amount of any such Loan of Exchequer Bills, and shall £ceive Appii-also fix proper and convenient Days for the Purpose of taking into Consideration all such Applications, and cations for Ex-shall meet together for that Purpose, and proceed to take into Consideration all such Applications as shall spe- tension of cify the Times to which such Payments are required to be extended, (not exceeding the Limits or Propor- Times for *Cm ftiom herein after.mentioned.) SS*

Days for taking them Into Consideration

IV. And be it further enacted, That in afc any Persons of Person, making such Application to the Cud Commissioners, shall be required by the said Commissioners to give any new Security or Securities, or to produce any new or other Surety or Safeties, and shall not, previous to or upon any of the said Instalments becoming due and payable under the said recited Acts, be prepared to tender such sufficient Security or Securities, or Sureties or Surety, as shall by the said Commissioners be deeded requisite: or in case such Person or Persons shall prove to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners, that by Reason or the Distance attohich any Sureties or Surety are then residing, the Consent of such Sureties or Surety under this Act cannot immediately be procured; it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by Writing under the Hands of any three or more of them, to grant to such Persons or Person such further Time for the procuring and tendering such Security or Securities, Surety or Sureties, as they in their Discretion shall think fit to allow 5 upon the Conditions nevertheless of Payment of the First Instalment of every such Loan, or such Part thereof as shall remain unpaid on the fifth Day of January, one thousand eight hundred, if the same has not already been paid, and not exceeding the Period of Four Months from the Time of granting such further Time as aforesaid, and every Grant of such further Time as aforesaid, shall be in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked B.*s and in the mean Time, and until the Expiration of the Time so allowed by the said Commissioners for the purpose aforesaid, such Parties respectively shall not be deemed or taken to nave made Default in Payment of such Instalment of the said Loan under the said recited Acts, unless Default shall be made in the Payment of any such first Instalment as aforesaid; nor shall any Process, Suit, or other Proceeding, be issued, commenced# or had. nor any Warrant for the same granted against the said Parties respectively, or their Sureties or Surety, their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, or upon or in respect of any Securities or Security made, assigned, or deposited, for the Purposes in the said Acts mentioned, or otherwise, for the Purpose of recovering or compelling Payment of the said Loan, or any Part thereof, unless upon such Default in respect of any such nrft Instalment &s aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the figtiing of such Consent by such original Sureties as aforesaid, and the Deposit of such further Security or Securities, Surety dr Sureties, (where any such shall be required by the said Commissioners,) it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to grant and allow, in Manner bercin-after mentioned, to such Parties

Commissioners. may grant to Persons not prepared to tender new Securities or Sureties previous to Installments becoming due* &c. further Time* the Grant of which shall he in the Form in the Schedule B.

After signing Of Consent by original Sureties, &c. the Coni-mifltoBtri may

grant Extension

of Times of Repayment of Loan ;,) y three Instalments with Interest on tlu* 5th Jnh.

1 - CO, i3oi,a«d

284 C. 13. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1799.

respectively, such Enlargement or Extension of the Times of Repayment of such Loan as they the said Cornnrnssioners shall in their Discretion think proper, so that the same be made payable in Proportions not Id's, and Periods not longer, than herein after particularly mentioned; that is to say, in every Case where the Whole of any such such Loan remains unpaid, one third Part of such Loan, with Interest for the same at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the fifth Day of January one thousand tight hundred; one other third Part thereof, with the like Interest for the same, on the fifth Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one: and the remaining third Part thereof, with the like Interest for the same, on the fifth Day of January one thousand eight hundred and two; and in every Case where the fi. ft Instalment, or the first and tecond Instalmems-on any such Loan, or any Proportion thereof, hath been or shall be paid, previous to any Application being made for the Enlargement or Extension of the Time or respective Times of Payment of the Remainder of such Loan, then the Remainder of any such Loan at such respective Times for what may remain due on such Loan as are herein-before mentioned for the Payment of Instalments of any Loan on wh ch no Part has been paid j and such Parties respectively, to whom the said Commissioners shall allow such Enlargement or Extension of the Times of Payment of the said Loan, shall not be deemed or taken to have made Default in Payment of the said Loan in Manner directed by the said recited Acts, nor shall any Process, Suit, or other Proceeding be iflbed, commenced, or had, nor any Warrant for the same granted, against the said Parties respectively, or their Sureties or Surety, their or any of their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, or upon or in respect of any Securities, or Security made, assigned, or deposited, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, or otherwise, in order to recover or compel the Repayment of the said. Loan, or any Part thereof, until the Expiration of such enlarged or extended Times as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which the said Commissioners shall think fit to grant v or allow any such Enlargement pr Extension of Time for the Repayment of any Proportion of any such Loan, they the said Commissioners shall certify such their Allowance by a Writing under the Hands of any three or more of them, according to the Form In the Schedule to this Act annexed marked C.; and such Certificates shall be delivered to the respective Parties to whom such Extension of Time shall be granted as aforesaid, and a Copy or Minute of all such Certificates shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the said Commissioners for that Purpose.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person to whom feich Enlargement or Extension of Time for the Payment of any Part of any such Loan, shall be granted or allowed as aforesaid, shall, previous to the receiving of any such Certificate as aforesaid, pay, or cause to be paid, to the said Commissioners, or such Persons or Person as they, or any three or more of them, shall appoint, to receive the same, all Interest that shall remain due and unpaid on the first Instalment of every such Loan at the Time of granting any such Extension of Time as aforesaid*

w Remedies of recited Acts for compelling Repayment of Loan shall continue, where the Times* have not u been extended. §

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have all such Powers and Authorities* with respect to any Parties applying for Relief under this Act, and shall have all such Remedies for the Purpose of recovering or compelling Repayment of any Loans or Advances already made, the Times of Repayment of which shall have been or may be enlarged or extended by the Authority of this Act, as are given to the said Commissioners, and provided by the said recited Acts, or any or either.of them, in respect of any such Loan, or of any Default in Repayment of any Loan made under the said Acts.

4t Sureties satisfying Loan shall have the same Remedies against the Principals or Co-Sureties as under recited Acts; and Mortgages taken as Securities shall remain as Securities for the Reimbursement to such Sureties of Money advanced by them. § iq.

[as under 39 Geo. 3. c. n. §12.]

Thr.e Corrxnif-

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Matters and Things which the said Commissioners, autho-toners may a€ti rized by this Act are hereby required or empowered to do or execute, shall and may be done and executed by any three or more of them j any Thing herein or in the said former Act. contained to the cantrary.not? withstanding.

" Obligations taken by the Commissioners, \Ac» not liable to Stamp Duties. §12."

Certificate of t ie Grant of such Extension-L'.dll t>c in the Form in Schedule- C.

Plrvi us to receiving Certificates of Exten-fion of-Time, all.lncerefl due shall be paid.

Commissionert to have the same i'Qwers as under recited

SCHEDULE to which this AtSt refers*.

SCHEDULE A-

T/LTE, whose Names- are hereunto subscribed, do hereby severally and respectively consent and agree, That the Bonds already executed by us, under several Acts passed in the thirty-fifth, thirty-seventh, and thirty*

ninth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for granting Relief to Persons connected with and trading to the 1 (lands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, as Sureties for Ar. B* for the Repayment of a Loan of Exchequer Bil’s, made to the said A.B. under the said Act of the Year of his present Majesty's Reign,

shall remain and continue as a Security for Repayment of the said Sum of

remaining unpaid on the Loan, with Interest thereon, at the Rate of.

t<r

A.D. 1799. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 13, 14. 285

per Centum per Annum, at the extended Periods allowed to the said by the Commissioners under the said Acts, in the Manner as the same now (land, as a Security for Repayment thereof, by Infhlments according to the said Acts: And we further consent and agree, That the said Commis-Coners shall be at Liberty to grant to the said - the said Extension of Time for

Payment, cither upon the Security already received for the same, or upon any such other or different Security as they in their Discretion shall think fit to accept, either for the Whole of the Money remaining due on the said Loan, or upon such. Loan separated and divided into such Parts as shall be allowed by the said Commissioners.

Witness our Hands, this Day of

SCHEDULE B.

TyE Commissioners under several Acts of Parliament passed.

v for granting Relief to Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent do hereby grant to. until the and no longer, for

procuring [and tendering to us, good and sufficient new Security or Securities with Sureties], or [the Con* sent of Sureties of the said. to remain answerable

as such Sureties}, under an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled.

An Act [here infer t the Title of this Act,]'fox the Repayment of the Sum of

with Interest due on a Loan of Exchequer Bills made to the fail under the said Acts, upon Condition nevertheless of Payment of the first Instalment of such Loan, or such Part thereof 3S remains unpaid on the fifth Day of January one thousand eight hundred: and if the said

does not produce the same on or before the said Day of and 4

make good such nrft Instalment, as aforesaid, the Securities already given and entered into by the said

and his Sureties will be forthwith put in force for recovering, the Money due-withe said Loan.

Witness our Hands, this Day of

SCHEDULE C.

WHEREAS the Sum of # was advanced t<r

T in Exchequer Bills on certain Conditions, pursuant to several Acts passed in the thirty-fifth and thirty* seventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting Relief to Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent: And whereas the said hath given Secu-

rity with Sureties, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament respecting such Relief as aforesaid, for the Repayment of the said Loans by certain Instalments, payable at certain Periods, in such Security [or Securities] mentioned And whereas the Sum of still remains unpaid on the said Loan: And whereas an Application has been made to us the said Commissioners for further Extendon of the Time for repaying such Loan: Now we, whose Names are hereunto subscribed, being.

of the Commissioners under the said Acts^do, in pursuance of the Directions contained in an»

Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act [hereJet forth the Title of this Act}, certify. That we have granted and allowed to the said

the further Time [or Tunes]for Repayment^ the said Sum of [or Instalment or Instalments of the said Sum of as the Case may be,] that is to say, [recite the Times,

find Sums.]

---

Given under our Hands and Seals, this ________ Day of ________.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for empowering His Majesty to shorten the Time for the Meeting of Parliament in Cases of Adjournment.

[12th October 1799.]

[37 Geo. 3. c. 127.]

---

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Provision is made for empowering his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to shorten the Time required for giving Notice of the Meeting of Parliament for the Dispatch of Business, in the Case of a Prorogation of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that-a like Power should be given to his Majesty, his

Heirs and Successors, in Cases of the Adjournment of Parliament Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Cases His Majesty where both Houses of Parliament shall (land adjourned for more than fourteen Days from the Day of the may issue his Date of the Proclamation herein after mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,.to issue his and their Royal Proclamation, by and with the Advice of his and their P^vy Council, Meeting 0rr Par-

thereby liamentin not.

left than four.

teen Days from the Date, not-'^withstanding any previous Adjournment to a longer Day.

How Orders made by Parliament shall be deemed to have been appointed.

T [« 9-]

Continuance of rrecited Act*

C. 14 - 17: Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 18co*

thereby declaring that the said Parliament shall meet on a Day* being not less than fourteen Days from the Day of the Date of such Proclamation, and the Houses of Parliament shall thereupon (land adjourned to the Day and Place declared in such Proclamation* notwithstanding any previous Adjournment of the Houses of Parliament to any longer Day, and notwithstanding any former Law, Usagcx or Custom, to the contrary.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and singular the Order or Orders which shall have been made by either House of Parliament, and appointed for the Day to which such House of Parliament shall have been adjourned, or to any Day or Days subsequent thereto, other than and except any Order or Orders that shall have been specially appointed for particular Days by either House of Parliament, and declared to be so fixed, notwithstanding any Meeting of Parliament under this Act, and also except any Order or Orders made under the Provisions of any Act of Parliament, shall be deemed and taken to have been appointed 'for the Day on which the Parliament shall meet in pursuance of such Proclamation.

---

CAP. XV.

An Act for continuing, until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for empowering his Majesty for a Time, and to an Extent to be limited, to accept the Services of such Parts of his Militia Forces in this Kingdom as may voluntarily Offer themselves to be employed in Ireland.

[19th February 1800.]

'WHEREAS an Act was made in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

[38 Geo. 3. c. 66.]

---

intituled, An Act for Empowering his Majesty for a Time and to an Extent to be limited, to accept tht Services of such Parts of his Militia Forces in this Kingdom as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Ireland, which was to continue in force until the Expiration of one Calendar Month after the Day of the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament; which said Act was further continued and amended by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament*, and /urther continued by an Act of the present Session of Parliament f, until the twentieth Day of February one thousand eight hundred: And whereas, for the Purpose of effectually repressing the traitorous Deligns which have been prosecuted in

Ireland^ in Concert with a Foreign Enemy, and for protefting the Lives, Liberty, and Property, of his Majesty's faithful Subjects, it may be expedient that the Provisions of the said first-mentioned Act j

should be further extended for a limited Time :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be j

enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho- 1 rity of the same, That the said Act shall be, and the same is hereby further continued* until the Expiration of

Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

---

CAP. XVI.

An Act for continuing, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in his Majesty's Forces, by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to his Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience.

[19th February 1800.]

"[37 Geo. III. c. 70. (continued by 38 Geo. III. c. 6; 39 Geo. III. c. 4. and c. 9. of this Session) further continued.]"

CAP. XVII.

An Act to continue, until the first Day of March one thousand eight hundred and three, an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland; and to continue, until the Expiration of forty Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, several Laws relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose; to the authorising his Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade to the Cape of Good Hope; and to the enabling his Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into this Kingdom in neutral Ships.

[19th February 1800.]

---

u 33 Geo. III. r.76. further continued till ill March 1803. $ I. 35 Geo. III. c. 15; 35 Geo. III. c. 80.

and 36 Geo. III. c. 76. recited, and further continued till forty Days after the Commencement of next Session. § a. 37' Geo. III. c. i\. recited, and further continued till forty Days after the Commencement of next Session. §3. 39 Geo. III.*, wa. recited, and continued till fojty Days after the Commence- meat of next Se(£oa. $ 4."

---

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 18, 19. 287

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to prohibit, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, any Person or Persons from selling any Bread which shall not have been baked a certain Time.

[20th February 1800.]

[See c. 71. as to Bread sold to Soldiers on their March.]

'WHEREAS it is expedient to reduce as much as possible at the present Moment the Consumption of Wheat Flour: And whereas it appears that a considerable Saving would arise, if Bread was prohibited from being sold until it had been baked a certain Time:' Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[Persons residing

That it shall not be lawful Westminster" for any Baker or other Person or Persons, residing within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Bills the Bills of of Mortality, and within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, after the twenty-sixth Day of February one thou- Mortality, See. sand eight hundred, or residing in any other Part of Great Britain^ after the fourth Day of March one alter Keb. 26,or thousand eight hundred, to fell, or offer or expose to Sale, any Bread, until the same shall have been baked re^dinS *lfc" twenty-four Hours at the least; and every Baker or other Person or Persons who shall aril contrary hereto, or March*4,'not to offend herein, shall for every Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds for every I.oaf of Bread so fold, fcn or expose to, offered, or expoied to Sale j which Penalty shall and may be recovered before any one or more of his Ma- sale, any Bread, jesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, upon tjil a4 hours af-the Oatu of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are p^tke^ or} hereby empowered to administer,) one Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the for^ach Loaf.* other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish or Place where the Offence shall be committed; and if the said Penalty to be re* Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices, by Warrant un- covered before a der his Hand and Seal, to cause the said Penalty to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels Justice» and di-of the Party offending, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and i^nforme^1 Chattels, after deducting the said Penalty, and the Costs and Charges of taking and making such Distress an^ ^Poorof and Sale. the Parish.

[No Person shall

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in every Place or Places where any Assize of Bread shall have been ordered by me chief Magistrates or Justices of the Peace of such Place or Places, and shall have be liable to any been duly put in execution, no Baker, or other Person or Persons, shall be subject or liable to any Penalty Penalty for fei* or Forfeiture for felling any Bread under the Weights prescribed by Law: Provided also, That nothing he re in ling Bread uncontained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exempt any such Baker or other Person or Persons <ierrthcb^e‘&h|' from any such Penalty or Forfeiture, where the Weight of the reck Loaf shall be deficient more than fix Assize- provided Ounces, and so in Proportion for any other Loaf of Bread 3 any Thing in any former Aril contained to the the Deficiency be contrary notwithstanding. not more than

in Proportion of Six Ounces in the Peck Loaf. Rest* 74- §3, 4* 1 i

---

[Act may be altered this Session.]

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

[Continuance of Act.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Comencement of the next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes, until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand eight hundred; to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them, until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand eight hundred, to provide Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first Day of Michaelmas Term one thousand eight hundred; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose, until the first Day of September one thousand eight hundred.

[20th February 1800.]

288 C. 20. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

CAP. XX.

---

An Act for further continuing, until the First Day of February one thousand eight hundred and one, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for further continuing until the first Day of March one thousand eight hundred, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, 'An Act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government.'

[28th February 1800.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed on the twentieth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine,

[39 Geo. 3. c. 44.]

---

intituled, An Act for further continuing until the first Day of March one thousand eight hundred, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shallfufpeft are conspiring against his Person and Government f which Act was to continue in force until the first Day of March one thousand eight hundred, and no longer: And whereas it is necessary for the publick Safety that the Provisions of the said Act passed on the twentieth Day, of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, should be continued Be it therefore enacted, &c>

Persons imprisoned for High Treason, &c. may be detained till February 1, 1801, &c. §1. Act in Scotland of 1701, for preventing wrongous Imprisonment, so far as may relate to Treason, &c. fuf- pended till February 1, 1801, &c. §2. From February 1, 180r, Persons so committed (half have the Benefit of all Laws providing for the Liberty of the Subject, §3. Privileges of Parliament not invalidated by this Act. §4. Persons against whom Indictments for High Treason are already found, shall be tried thereon. §5. Any one of his Majesty's Secretaries of State may order Persons committed on any Charge of High Treason, lAc* to be conveyed from one Prison to another. Such Removal not to deprive any Person of any Right to be tried or discharged, bV. $ 6.

[See §1 - 6. of 39 Geo. 3. c. 44.]

Persons charged

VII. And whereas in the present disturbed State of the Kingdom of Ireland, it has been found necessary to with High fend divers Persons who had been committed to Prison in Ireland on Charges of High Treason, Suspicion

Treason, flee. of High Treason, or treasonable Practices, to Great Britain for safe Custody, and for the Purpose of pre-

principa?seerc* venting improper Intercourse between such Persons and other Persons engaged, or suspected of being en-ury of state; 4 gaged, in the like Treasons or treasonable Practices; and it may be found expedient to fend other Per-

and sent from ions to Great Britain under like-Circumstances be it enacted, That every Person who hath been sent

Ireland to Great to Great Britain as aforesaid, before the patting of this, Ad, and every Person who, after the patting of Britain by Order this shall be sent to Great Britain for safe Custody, by Older of the Lord Lieutenant or Governor Lieutenant and General, or other chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland, and of fix or more of his Majesty's Privy ox Frivy Court- Council of the said Kingdom, shall and may be detained in Custody in this Kingdom, in such Place of sese Idiots, may be Custody, as to his Majesty shall seem fit; provided such Person shall be charged with High Treason, Sufpi-detained mCuf. cjGn of High Treason, or treasonable Practices, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of one of his Ma* piaL'as^Ma Jefty’s Principal Secretaries of State.

shall think fit* [See the former par: of §7. 0/39 Geo. 3. c. 44.

But when such Persons are entitled by the Law of Ireland to be tried or discharged, they may apply to the Court of King’s Bench in England, or Court of Judiciary in Scotland) or one of the Judges of those Courts, who shall order them to be discharged, or sent to Ireland, §8.

[See latter Part of J 7. 4C 39 Geo. 3»r. 44.] One of his Majesty's Secretaries of State may order any Person in Custody on a 44 Charge of High Treason, &c. committed in Ireland, to be detained in Great Britain, until he can be properly sent to Ireland to be tried or discharged. §9.

[See former Part of^S.of 39 Geo. 3. c. 44 ] 44 But Persons entitled to their Trial or Discharge may apply for the same as under j 8. preceding. & 10. 44 fSee latter Part of §8. of 39 Geo. 3. c. 44.] Act may be altered or repealed this Session. § u* *4 Continuance of Act till February i, 1801, and no longer. §12.

---

CAP. XXI.

An Act to continue, until the first Day February one thousand eight hundred and one, an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament*, to prohibit the making of low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, or other Sort of Grain, or from Meal, Flour, or Bran, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[28th February 1800.]

[* c. 7.]

CAP. XXII.

An Act for raising the Sum of twenty millions five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities.

[10th March 1800.]

---

Every Contributor of 100l. to be entitled to a Principal of 100l. and 161, in the 3 per Cent. Consols, and 44 a Principal of 47 /. in the 3 per Cent. Reduced 3 the Consols to commence from January 5, 1800, and

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 23. 289

the Reduced from October to, 1799. §1. Promissory Notes and Post Bills of the Bank of Ireland^ deposited with the Bank of England, may be received at the Exchequer. §3. The Treasury may authorize " the Bank to receive such Promissory Notes and Post Bills in Payment of future Instalments, which shall be received at the Exchequer. §4. Such Notes shall be deemed sufficient Payment on Account of any Warrant for remitting to Ireland* Monies granted for his Majesty's Service there. §5. Bank not answerable for the Payment of such Notes and Post Bills, §6. Bank may pay Exchequer Bills in their Possession made out under 39 Geo. 3. c. 68. for Instalments of the Loan. §8. Discount of per Cent. to December 12, 1800, to be allowed on Payment of the Whole of the Subscriptions in advance,

before November 20. §9. Annuities payable and transferable at the Bank. §13. The Loan and Interest to be chargeable as to 7,000,000l. on the Consolidated Fund 5 as to the remaining 13,500,000l. ort the Produce of the Duties imposed by the Contribution Act, 38 Geo. 3. c. 16. the Convoy Act, 38 Geo. 3.

76. and the Income Act, 39 Geo. 3. r. 13. or on Failure of that Produce, then on the Consolidated

Fund. §14. Cashier of the Bank to give receipts for Subscriptions, which may be assigned before Act-*4 vember ?0, 1800. §16."

---

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties of Excise on British and Foreign Spirits, and Tea.

[10th March 1800.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

---

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Publick Expences, and making a permanent Addition to the Publick Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties of Excise herein respectively mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted: *And be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon the several Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities mentioned and described in the Schedule marked (A.) hereunto annexed, the several Sums of Money and Duties of Excise, as they are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said Schedule; and that there shall be made, allowed, and paid, for or in respect of Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities, for or in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is by this Act imposed, to the several Persons entitled to the same, the Drawbacks of Excise, as the same are also inserted, described, and set forth in the Schedule marked (B.) hereunto annexed; and also all such special Allowances as are particularly directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on and immediately before the passing of this Act;

[Commencement

and the same respectively shall commence and take Effect from the respective Days mentioned in the said Schedules, in Cases where special Dates are inserted therein, and in Cases where no such Date is inserted, from the Day on which this Act shall receive the Royal Assent.

II. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties of Excise by this Act imposed, as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being; and shall be accounted for, cleared off, paid, satisfied, and discharged, by the Person and Persons liable to the accounting for, clearing off, Payment, Satisfaction, or Discharge thereof, at such Time and Times, and in such Manner, as the Duties of Excise, chargeable upon the like Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities respectively, or upon any Person or Persons for or in respect thereof, were, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force immediately before the passing of this Act, to be accounted for, cleared off, paid, satisfied, or discharged.

III. And whereas Contracts or Agreements may have been made before the twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand eight hundred, by Importers or Dealers in Foreign Spirits, and by Distillers and Makers of Spirits, for such Spirits respectively, to be delivered after the said twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand eight hundred:* Be it therefore enacted, That such Importers or Dealers, and such Distillers and Makers respectively, delivering such Spirits after the said twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand eight hundred, in pursuance of such Contracts, shall be allowed to add so much Money as will be equivalent to the Duties by this Act imposed, for or in respect of such Spirits respectively, to the Price thereof, and shall be entitled by virtue of this Act to be paid for the same accordingly.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said several Sums of Money respectively inserted, described, and 1>ncc‘ set forth in the said Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (A.), as the Duties of Excise, and the Drawbacks nlltictanu of the Duties of Excise, set forth in the said Schedule, marked (B.), upon the several Goods, Wares, Mer- bUevic:andal-chandize, or Commodities inserted therein, shall and may be respectively raised, levied, collected, answered, lowed according paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed in such and the like Manner, and in or by any or either to, and the of the General Means, Ways, or Methods, determined by which the former Duties of Excise respectively, and Draw- Coo.’*,&c. to backs of Duties of Excise respectively, or by any or either of the special Means, Ways or Methods respect

tively, by which the former Duties of Excise respectively, and Drawbacks of Duties of Excise respectively, Ws 0 x' upon Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities of the same Sorts or Kinds respectively, were or might 39 & 40 Geo. III. Pp be

290 C. 23. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed 5 and the Goods*. Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities, foby this Act respectively made liable to the Payment of, or chargeable with the Duties of Excise, or so entitled to Drawbacks of Duties of Excise, as respectively inserted, oe-feribed, an J set forth in the said Schedules hereunto annexed, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, and Forfeitures, to which Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities in general, and also all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Forfeitures respectively, to which the like Goods, Wares, and Merchandize re-(pcdtively, were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force immediately before the passing of this Act, respecting the Duties of Excise; and ail and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture, of any Nature or Kind whatever, as well Pains of Death as others, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Excise, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof; and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions therein contained shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied^ practised, and put in Execution, for and in respect of the several Duties of Excise, and Drawbacks of Duties of Excise, hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents v and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

Duties and V. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where Duties are imposed, or Drawbacks allowed by this

Drawbacks on Act on any specifick Quantity of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the same shall in every Case be under-t* tl n^Tpiy11* Rood, and deemed and taken to apply in the same Proportion and after the same Rate to any greater or lef* propoitioiuiiy Quantity than such specific Quantity.

to greater or less Quantities.

Duties to be paid into the Exchequer, and carried to Consolidated Fund,

and deemed an Addition to the r Revenue for defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan of this Session,

Act may be altered this Session.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Money arising by the Duties by this Act imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and the said Monies so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising or to arise by the said Rates and Duties, or any of them, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock created or to be created by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt during the said Period of ten Years, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors, upon any account whatever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any A St or Adb

to be passed in this Session of Parliament*

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

( A. )

SPIRITS.

FOR every Gallon of fermented Wort or Waft, which shall be brewed or made in that Part of Great ]

Britain called England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or i

Tilts, or any Mixture with the same, or which shall have been so brewed or made, and which shall not have been actually distilled into Spirits on or before the twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand eight hundred - ~ One Penny.

For every Gallon of Cyder or Perry, or any other Wash or Liquor which shall be brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, from any Sort or Kind of British Materials, (except such as are before mentioned,) or from any Mixture therewith for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, or which shall have been so brewed or made, and which shall not have 1:een actually distilled into Spirits on or before the said twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand eight hundred - One Penny.

For every Gallon of fermented Wort or Waft, which shall be brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, which shall be actually distilled into Spirits on or before the first Day of June one thousand eight hundred, or which shall have been biewed or made, and which shall not have been actually distilled into Spirits on or before the twenty-fi^th Day of February one thousand eight hundred

One Penny.

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 23. 291

For every Gallon of fermented Wort or Wash which shall be-brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, after the first Day of June one thousand eight hundred, or which shall be brewed or made, and which shall not be, or shall not have been, actually distilled into Spirits on or before the said fiFft Day of June one thousand eight hundred - One Penny Halfpenny.

For every Gallon of Wash which shall be brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, from "foreign refused Wine, or foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from foreign Materials (except Melasses and Sugar), or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, or which shall have been so brewed or made, and which shall not have been actually distilled into Spirits on or before the said twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand eight hundred - Two Pence.

For every one hundred and twenty Gallons of Wash which Sir William Bishop, Argles Bishop, and George Bificp, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, shall produce from a Weight of Malt or other Corn, including the Bran thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and twelve Pounds; or which by them, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, shall have been so produced, and which shall not have been actu-aHy distilled into Spirits on or before the said twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand eight hundred - Two Shillings and eight Pence three Farthings.

For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of Spirits of a Strength not exceeding that of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, which shall be made or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and imported or brought from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England, or which shall have been so made or manufactured, and which shall have been so imported or brought, after the twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand eight hundred, or which shall be so imported or brought

Five Pence Halfpenny.

For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of such Spirits which shall have been imported or brought from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, into that Part of Great Britain called England, and which shall have been, after the said twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand eight hundred, or which shall be, found in any Ship or Vessel in which the same shall have been so imported or brought, or in any Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, after the unshipping, and before the landing thereof, or upon any Pier, Quay, Wharf, or other Place, upon the first landing thereof, and which shall not actually have been charged with any Duty by this Act imposed, to be paid by the Importer or Proprietor thereof, as the Case may require, upon Demand, an Excise Duty of - Five Pence Halfpenny.

For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of such Spirits of a greater Strength than that of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, and not exceeding three per Centum over and above one to ten over Hydrometer ' Proofv which shall be made or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and imported or brought from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England, or which shall have been so made or manufactured, and which shall have been so imported or brought after the said twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand eight hundred, or which shall be imported or brought, an additional Duty, in Proportion to the Surplus Strength

For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of such Spirits of a greater Strength than that of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, and not exceeding three per Centum over and above one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, which shall have been imported or brought from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, into that Part of Great Britain called England, and which shall have been, after the said twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand eight hundred, or which shall be, found in any Ship or Vessel in which the same shall have been so imported or brought, or in any Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, after the unshipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any Pier, Quay, Wharf, or other Place, upon the first landing thereof, and which shall not actually have been charged with any Duty by this Act imposed, an additional Duty in Proportion to the Surplus Strength, to be paid by the Importer or Proprietor, as the Case may require upon Demand.

For every Gallon of Single Brandy which shall be imported into Great Britain, or which shall have been so imported, after the said twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand eight hundred, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the landing thereof - Ten Pence*

For every Gallon of Single Brandy which shall have been imported into Great Britain, and which shall have been, after the said twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand eight hundred, or which shall be, found in any Ship or Vessel in which the same shall have been imported, or in any Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, after the unshipping, and before the landing thereof, or upon any Pier, Quay, Wharf, or other Place, upon the first landing thereof, and which shall not actually have been charged with any Duty by this A <9: imposed, to be paid by the Importer or Proprietor thereof, as the Case may require, upon Demand

" Ten Pence.

For every Gallon of Brandy abote Prtx>f, which shall be imported into Great Britain, or which shall have been so imported after the said twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand eight hundred, to be paid by the Importer before the landing thereof - One Shilling and eight Pence.

For every Gallon of Brandy, above Proof, which shall have been imported into Great Britain,* and which shall have been, after the said twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand eight hundred, or which shall be, found in any Ship or Vessel in which the same shall have been imported, or in any Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, after the unshipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any Pier,.Quay, Wharf, or other Place, upon the first landing thereof, and which shall not actually have beencharge3 with any Duty by this Act imposed, to be paid by the Importer or Proprietor thereof, as the Case may require, upon Demand - One Shilling and eight Pence.

292 C. 23. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

For every Gallon of Rum, Spirits; or Aqua Kita, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, which shall be imported into Great Britain, or which shall have been so imported after the said twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand eight hundred, to be paid by the Importer thereof before the landing thereof

Eight Pence.

For every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, which shall have been imported into Great Britain, and which shall have been, after the said twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand eight hundred, or which shall be, found in any Ship or Vessel in which the same shall have been imported, or in any Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, after the unshipping, and before the landing thereof, or upon any Pier, Quay, Wharf, or other Place^ upon the first landing thereof, and which shall not actually have been charged with any Duty by this Act imposed, to be paid by the Importer or Proprietor thereof, as the Case may require, upon Demand - Eight Pence.

For every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, above Proof, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, which shall be imported into Great Britain, or which shall have been so imported after the said twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand eight hundred, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the landing thereof - One Shilling and four Pence.

For every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, above Proof, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, which shall have been imported into Great Britain, and which shall have been, after the said twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand eight hundred, or which shall be, found in any Ship or' Vessel in which the same shall have been imported, or in any Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, after the unshipping, and before the landing thereof, or upon any Pier, Quay, Wharf, or other Place, upon the first: landing thereof, and which shall not actually have been charged with any Duty by this Act imposed, to be paid by the Importer or Proprietor thereof, as the Case may require, upon Demand

One Shilling and four Pence.

For every Gallon of Rum or Spirits of the Produce of the British Plantations, which shall have been after the said twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand eight hundred, or which shall be, in any Warehouse in which the same shall have been put, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, contained and provided in afn Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, concerning the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, be- fore the Payment of the Duties of Excise, and lodging the same in Waretyoufes #, and which shall have been, after the said twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand eight hundred, or shall be delivered out of any such Warehouse or Warehouses respectively, for Home Consumption, and which shall not actually have been charge^ with any Duty by this Act imposed, to be paid by the Importer or Proprietor, as the Case may require, upon Demand - Eight Pence.

For every Gallon of Rum or Spirits, above Proof, of the Produce of the British Plantations, which shall have been, after the said twenty-sixth Day of February one themfand eight hundred, or shall be in any such Warehouse, and which shall have been, after the said twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand eight hundred, or shall be, delivered out of any such Warehouse for Home Consumption, and which shall notadlually have been charged with any Duty by this Act imposed, CO be paid by the Importer or Proprietor thereof, as the Case may require, upon Demand, a Duty of One Shilling and four Pence.

For every Gallon of Single Spirits or Aqua Vita, (other than such Brandy, Rum, or Spirits as aforesaid, which shall be imported into Great Britain, or which shall have been imported after the said twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand eight hundred, to be patid by the Importer thereof, before the landing thereof - Ten Pence.

For every Gallon of Single Spirits or Aqua Vita (other than such Brandy, Rum, or Spirits as aforesaid), which shall have been imported into Great Britain, and which shall have been, after the said twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand eight hundred, or shall be found in any Ship or Vessel in which the same shall have been imported, or in any Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, after the unshipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any Pier, Quay, Wharf, or other Place, upon the first landing thereof, and which shall not actually have been charged with any Duty by this Act imposed, to be paid by the Importer or Proprietor thereof, as the Case may require, upon Demand - Ten Pence*

For every Gallon of Spirits ox Aqua ViLe (other than such Brandy, Rum, or Spirits as aforesaid), above Proof, which shall be imported into Great Britain, or which shall have been so imported after the said twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand eight hundred, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the landing thereof - One Shilling and eight Pence.

For every Gallon of Spirits or Aqua Vita (other than such Brandy, Rum, or Spirits as aforesaid), above Proof, which (h ill have been imported into Great Britain, and which shall have been, after the said twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand eight hundred, or shall be found in any Ship or Vessel in which the same shall have been imported, or in any Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, after the unshipping, and before the landing thereof, or upon any Pier, Quay, Wharf, or other Place, upon the first landing thereof, and which shall not actually have been charged with any Duty by this Act imposed, to be paid by the Importer or Proprietor thereof, as the Case may require, upon Demand One Shilling and eight Pence.

TEA.

For and upon all Tea which shall be sold at the Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for two Shillings and Sixpence per Pound Weight, or upwards, after the twenty-sixth Day of February one thousand eight hundred, five Pounds per Centum, to be computed upon the gross Prices at which such Tea shall he fold; to be paid by the Purchasers of such Tea to the said United Company, and to be paid by the said United Company to the Commissioners of excise for the Time being.

---

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 24 - 27. 293

(B,)

DRAWBACKS.

TEA.

For all Tea (for which the Duty hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) which shall be exported to Ireland, or his Majesty's Plantations in America, the Whole of the Duty of Excise by this Act imposed in respect thereof.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

[10th March 1800.]

[Until March 25, 1801.]

CAP. XXV.

An Act to prohibit, until the first Day of October one thousand eight hundred, the Use of Wheat in making Starch.

[25th March 1800.]

---

WHEREAS it is expedient that the making of Starch, from Wheat, should be prohibited for a limited Time:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice, and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, No starch to b«^ during the Continuance of this Act, no Starch shall be made or prepared from any Wheat, Wheat Flour, or wheat 0^100^ Wheat Meal, or any Mixture with Wheat, Wheat Flour, or Wheat Meal. or any Mixture

Penalty for making Starch from Wheat, Wheat Flour, or Wheat Meal, or any Mixture therewith tool thewith. u But not to extend to completing Starch from Wheat, Wheat Flour, or Wheat Meal, put in Fermenta- fion on or before March 70, 1800. % 2. Wheat, Wheat Flour, or Wheat Meal, found in Starch Houses Forfeited- and the Persons in whose Possession found shall forfeit tool §3* Persons authorised, and Officers of Excise may enter Starch Houses and inspect Materials; and.Officers may take Samples of Mix- tures, paying for the same 3d% per lb. if ^hey suspect Wheat, Wheat Flour, or Wheat Meal, to be mixed therein. Penalty of tool for refusing Admission, or preventing the Inspection of Materials, tf?c. Wheat,

Wheat Flour, and Wheat Meal, so found may beJeized. Makers of Starch may keep in their

Houses Wheat, Wheat Flour* or Wheat Meal not exceeding eight Bushels. Penalty for having more than that Quantity, Forfeiture of the Wheat, Flour, and Meal, and also 51 per Bushel; but not to extend in certain Cases to Starch Makers being Growers of Wheat, or Millers, being possessed of Mills before passing this Act*. § j. On Oath of Ground of Suspicion that more than eight BuGiels of Wheat, Whea\

Flour, or Wheat Meal, is kept in any Storehouse, &V. Officers of Excise and other Persons rftay be authorised to search, by Day or by Night, (but if by Night then with a Peace Officer) and may seize the Surplus, and the Persons in whose Custody found, shall forfeit 5l. per Bushel. Doors may be broken open if necessary. §6. Contracts by Starch Makers for Delivery of Starch or Hair Powder during.,

the Continuance of this Act, void. §7."

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall obstruct or hinder any Officer or: penalty of aooi. Officers of Excise in the execution of any of the Powers and Authorities to nim or them given by this Act, for obstructing the Person or Persons offending therein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of two hun- Officers, dred Pounds.

Recovery and Application of Penalties, as under the Excise Laws. §9. Limitation of A'dions, one Month. General Iliite. Treble Costs. $ 10. His Majesty may permit the making of Starch from Wheat, Wheat Flour, or Wheat Meal, by Proclamation in the Gazette. §11.

[See Stat. 36 Geo. 3.

§ 3. to 8. and §18. and 19. to 22. from which all the Clauses above abridged are copied.J

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect as to all such Matters Commencement. ancf Things therein contained, in respect Whereof no special Commencement is hereby di/eded or provided, *nd Continu-from and immediately after the passing of this Act, and shall be and remain in Force until and upon the first *nceof AdU Day of October one thousand eight hundred.

---

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

[25th March 1800.]

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[25th March 1800.]

---

Number of Jorces £0,275, including 5,792 Invalids. § u"

cur applying

f>M rlv (am:, on Account i f hakntfi, &c.

Contirusnee of -litis Act.

Ad, in Tart,

may he altered

-this ScflTion. (\cCqJ> 39 )

Recital of 7 A'vue, Cap. 7

Recital of en Act 12 Amur. 1. c. 11.

294 C. 28. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

[Justices may "ftiMnt an Extension of Furlough 'to any Non-co.nrtun'ioned Officer or SoJ.

LXII. And whereas Soldiers absent from their Regiments on Furlough granted to them by their Commanding Officers, are sometimes prevented by Sickness or other unavoidable Casualty from returning to their Duty before the Expiration of the|Time limited by such Furlough, and Doubts have arisen whether in such Cases the Extension of a Soldier’s Furlough by a Justice of the Peace, be sanctioned by legal Authority*

and effectual for preventing such Soldier from being apprehended upon Suspicion of his having deserted his Regiment;’ be it further enacted, That any Justice of the Peace may, and he is hereby authorised to grant* in Writing under his Hand, an Extension of Furlough, to any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier applying for the same, on Account of Sickness or Other Casualty, which to such Justice shall, on due Enquiry, appear. to render such Extension necessary, and that such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, during the Period to which his Furlough shall have been so extended as aforesaid, by a Justice of the Peace, shall not be liable to be apprehended or otherwise molested on the Ground of his having deserted the Regiment tc>which he shall appear by his Furlough to belong, or of criminally absenting himself from the same: Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be con ft rued to exempt any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, whose Furlough shall have been lb extended as aforesaid, from being proceeded against and punished according to the Previsions of this Act, should it thereafter appear that such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier had obtained the Extension of his Furlough by false Representation made to the Justice of Peace, or in applying for and obtaining the same, had committed any Offence to the Prejudice of good Order and Military Discipline.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be and continue in Force, within the Realm of Great Britain, from the twenty-fourth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred, until the twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and one4 and shall be and continue in Force in Jersey, GuevnJ'ey, Alderney\ Sarikj and Man% and the Islands thereto belonging, as to such Parts thereof as relate to those Places respectively, from the thirtieth Day of Aprils in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred, until the first Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and one; and shall be and continue in Force Within the Garrison of Gibraltar, and in his Majesty's other Dominions beyond the Seas, as to such Parts thereof as relate to those Places respectively, from the twenty fourth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and one, until the twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and two.

LXXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act, so far as relates to the Allowances to be made for the quartering of Soldiers and providing for their Horses, or for the Provision of Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, and Men, may be altered and varied by any Act or Acts to be made in this Session of Parliament.

---

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Advancing the Sum of three millions, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred.

[28th March 1800.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

---

'WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty 4 \ V Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for enlarging the capital Stock of the Bank of England; and for raising a further Supply to her Majesty% for the Service of the 1car one thousand seven hundred and nine ;* 4 it was declared and enacted, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Succef- fors for ever should continue and be one Body Corporate and Politick, and should for ever have, receive, and enjoy, the entire yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds therein mentioned, out of certain Rates and

Duties of Excise therein described, and-such Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Ex- emptions, Privileges, Profits, and Advantages, as are therein expressed; subject nevertheless to a Power and Condition of Redemption, nvthat Act contained in that Behalf: And it was thereby provided and enacted, That at any Time, upon twelve Months Notice, after the first Day- of August which should be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, and not before; and upon Repayment by Parliament, to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England^ or thek Successors, of the several Su ns, amounting to one million six hundred thousand Pounds therein men- ticned, without any Deduction, Discount, or Abatement whatsoever to be made out of the said Sum of one million six hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof; and upon Payment to the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, of all Arrears of the said one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and all the Principal and Interest Money which should be owing unto them upon all such Tallies, Exchequer Or- deis, or Parliamentary Funds, which the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, should have remaining in their Hands, or be entitled to, at the Time of such Notice to be given as aforesaid (such Funds, for Redemption whereof other Provision was made in the same Act, only excepted); then, and in such Case, and not till then, the said yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds should cease and determine;

as by the said Act (Relation being thereunto had) may more plainly appear: And whereas, by an Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of her said late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to raise Twelve hundred thousand Pounds for Publick Uses, by circulating a further Sum in Exchequer Bills: and for enabling her Majesty to raise five hundred thousand Pounds on the Revenues appointed for Uses of her Civil Government^ 4 to be applied for or towards Payment of such Debts and Arrears owing to her Servants, Tradesmen, and others, as are therein mentioned\ the before recited Proviso or Condition for determining the said yearly Fund of

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 28V &95

one hundred thousand Pounds, upon twelve Months Notice after the said first Day of August one thousand*

seven hundred and thirty-two, upon such Payments as aforesaid, was thereby repealed and made void:

And it was thereby provided and enacted, That at any Time, upon twelve Months Notice after the frlft Day of August which ftould be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, and not before; and upon Repayment by Parliament, to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their Successors, of the said Sum of sixteen hundred thousand Pounds, without any Deduction,.

Discount, or Abatement whatsoever, and upon Payment to the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, of aTl Arrears of the said one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and all the Principal and Interest Money which should be owing to them upon all such Tallies, Exchequer Orders, or Parliamentary Funds, which the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, should have remaining in their Hands,

or be entitled to at the Time of such Notice to be given as aforesaid, such Funds, for Redemption whereof other Provision is made in the said former Acts, or any of them, or in the said recited Act (always except- cd); then, and in such Case, and not till then, the said yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds should ceale and determine: And it is also further provided and enabled, Thar, from and after such Redemption of the said one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and from and after Redemption should be made by Parliament of the Annuity of one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one Pounds, thirteen Shillings,

and Five-pence, by the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of her laid late Majesty's Reign, settled and payable to the said Governor and Company, in the Manner therein mentioned; and from and after Redemption should likewise be made of the Fund established by the'laid recited Act, in relation to the Exchequer i3ili3 4 therein mentioned; then, and not till then, the said Corporation of the Governor and Company of the

Bank of England should cease and determine; bur, til! then, the said Governor and Company should continue a Corporation, and should have and enjoy all the Powers and Privileges they were entitled to, at by ther 4 /ame Act ( Relation being thereunto had,) may more fully appear: And whereas by an Act of Parliament,

made in tie fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for Recital of 2 4 establishing an Agreement iviththe Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum Gt0* "* c*

of one mi Lion six hundred thousand Pounds, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-two; the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, were directed to advance and pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer for his Majesty's Use, the full Sum of one million six hundred thousand Pounds, on or before such Time, and in such Manner, and under such Conditions,

as in the said Act are mentioned: And it was thereby declared and enacted, That the several and respective Provisoes contained in the said Acts of the seventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and each of them, and all other Provisoes contained in any other Act or Acts of Parliament for determining the said F und of one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and the said Corporation of the Go—

vernor and Company of the Bank of England, upon the respective Notices and Payments in the same respect tive Acts mentioned, should be, and were thereby repealed and made void; and that the said Governor and'

Company of the Bank of England, so enlarged as aforesaid, and their Successors for ever, should remain, continue, and be one Body Corporate and Politick, by the Name aforesaid, and should for ever have, receive,

and enjoy, the said entire yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds, out of the said Rates and Duties*

of Excise, together with a perpetual Succession and Privilege of exclusive Banking as thereinafter was*

mentioned, and all other Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Exemptions, Privileges,.

Profits, and Advantages whatsoever, whereunto the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, be- fore the making of the said Act, were entitled, by the said Acts of the seventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, or either of them, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament*.

Grants, or Charters whatsoever, then in force; all which were, by the said Act, ratified and confirmed*

to the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, freed and discharged of and from the said Pro- vifoes and Conditions of Redemption thereby repealed, or intended to be repealed, as aforesaid, and alT 4 other Provisoes, Powers, Acts, Matters, and Things whatsoever, theretofore had, made, done, or committed, for redeeming, determining, or making void, the said Corporation* or yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds, and the said Privilege of exclusive Banking, 3nd all other their Abilities, Capacities, Powers,

Authorities, Franchises, Exemptions, Privileges, Profits, and Advantages, or airy of them; subject never- theless to such Restrictions, Rules, and Directions, and also to such other Agreements, Matters, and Things, as in the said Acts and Charters, or any of them then in force, were contained or prescribed*,

and also subject to the Power and Condition of Redemption thereafter in the said Act contained in that behalf: And it was thereby also provided and enacted, That at any Time, upon twelve Months Notice*

after the first Day of Augiifi which should be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, and not before, and upon the Repayment by Parliament, to the said Governor and Company'

of the Bank of England, or their Successors*as well of the said Sum of one million six hundred thousand?

Pounds formerly advanced, as of the Sum or one million six hundred"thousand Pounds before mentioned- then to be advanced, amounting, in the Whole, to the Sum of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds, without any Deduction, Discount, or Abatement whatsoever, to be made out of the said Sum of.

three millions two hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof; and upon Payment to the said Governor and Company and their Successors, of all the Arrears of the said one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and all the Principal and Interest Money which should be owing unto them upon all such Tallies*.

Exchequer Orders, Exchequer Bills, or Parliamentary Funds, which the said. Governor and Company, or their Successors, should have remaining in their Hands, or be entitled to, at the Time of such Notice to be given as aforesaid ^such Funds, for Redemption whereof other Provision was made in and by the Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, always and only excepted); then, and in such Case* and not till then, the skid yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds should cease and determine; And whereas by an Act

iz cov

2o5 C. 28. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

: cf iVrli ;i cnt, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing ai Ay: Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for raffing certain Sums of Moneyic-

c Supply for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four\ and for more effectual)

p'-cv ng the forging Powers to transfer such Stock, or receive such Dividends or Annuities as are therein mentioned, and the fraudulent personating the Owners thereof; it is recited. That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England were willing and contented to advance, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, the Sum of one Million, on. 4 Exchequer Bills bearing Interest, to be paid quarterly; and the said Exchequer Bilft to be charged upon,

\ and repaid out of, the first Aids or Supplies which should by granted by Parliament for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six; and in case sufficient Aids or Supplies should not l?c 4 granted for that Purpose before the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, the same to be charged upon, and repaid out of, the Sinking Fund; and also to pay into his Majesty's Exchequer,

towards the said Supply, the Sum of one hundred and ten thousand Pounds, without any Repayment of the Principal, or Allowance of Interest for the same; provided that the Privilege of exclusive Banking,

and all other Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Exemptions, Privileges, Profits, and Advantages, in the said recited or any former Act contained, should be granted and confirmed to the said Governor and Company*‘in such Manner as in the said recited Act is mentioned: And it was by the said last recited Act (amongst other Things) declared and enacted, That such Part of the said recited Provision, contained in the said Act made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the determining the said Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and the said Corporation of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, upon the Notice and x Payments therein mentioned, should be, and were thereby repealed and made void; and that thefrvd Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors for ever, should remain, continue, and be one Body Corporate and Politick, by the Name aforesaid, and should for ever have, receive,

" and enjoy, the said entire yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds, out of the said Rates and Duties of Excise, together with a perpetual Succession and Privilege of exclusive Banking, as therein-after was mentioned, and all other Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Exemptions, Privileges,

Profits, and Advantages whatsoever, whereunto the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\

before the making of the said Act, were entitled by the said Acts of the seventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anm^ and the said Act of the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, or any of them, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, Grants, or % Charters whatsoever, then in force; all which were by the said Act ratified and confirmed to the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, freed and discharged of and from the said Proviso and Condition*

of Redemption thereby repealed, or intended to be repealed, as aforesaid, and all other Provisoes, Powers,

Acts, Matters, and Things whatsoever, theretofore had, made, done, or committed, for redeeming, de- termining, or making void the said Corporation, or Yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds, and the said Privilege of exclusive Banking, and all other their Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities,

Franchises, Exemptions, Privileges, Profits, and Advantages, or any of them; subject nevertheless to such Restrictions, Rules and Directions, and also to such other Agreements, Matters, and Things, as, in the said Acts and Charters, or any of them then in force, were contained or prescribed, and also subject to the Power and Condition thereafter in the said Act contained in that Behalf: And it was thereby also provided and enacted, That, at any Time, upon twelve Months Notice, after the first Day of August which should be in the Year of cur Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and not before, and upon Repayment by Parliament, to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their Successors, of the said Sum of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds, advanced by virtue of the said in Part recited Acts, without any Deduction, Discount, or Abatement whatsoever, to be made out of the said Sum of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof; and upon Payment to the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, of all the Arrears of the said one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and all the Principal and Interest Money which should be owing unto them, upon all such Tallies, Exchequer Orders, Exchequer Bills, or Parliamentary Funds, which the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, shall have remaining in their Hands, or be entitled to at the Time of such j

Notice to be given as aforesaid (such Funds, (of Redemption whereof other Provision was made in and by the Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, always and only excepted); then, and in fijeh Case, and not till then, the said yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds should cease and determine! And whereas, by Recital of an Parliament, made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act

xi Geo. 3. c for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the

c. 60. 4 Sum of two Millions towards the Supply for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty

« 4 one \ it is recited that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England were willing and con-

tented to advance towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand fe- 1

ven hundred and eighty one the Sum or two Millions, at the Periods therein mentioned, on Exchequer Bills, bearing Interest at the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and the said Exchequer Bills to be charged upon and repaid out of any of the Aids or Supplies which should be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; and in case sufficient Aids, or Supplies should not be granted for that Purpose before the 5th Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, the same to be charged upon and repaid out of the Sinking Fund; provided that the Pri- vilege of exclusive Banking, and all other the Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Ex- emptions, Privileges, Profits, and Advantages, in any former Act contained, should be granted and confirmed, to the said Governor and Company, in such manner as therein-after mentioned: And it was by

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 28. 297.

the said recited Act, amongst other Things, declared and enacted, That such Part of the said recited Pro- vifinn, contained in the said Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates ' 1

to the determining the said Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum* and the said Corporation of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, upon the Notice and Payments therein mentioned,

should be and were thereby repealed and made void; and that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England* and their Successors for ever, should remain, continue, and be one Body Corporate and Politick, by the Name aforesaid, and should for ever have, receive, and enjoy the said entire yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds out of the said Rates and Duties of Excise, together with a perpetual Sue- cession and Privilege of exclusive Banking, as thereinafter is mentioned, and all other Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Exemptions, Privileges, Profits, and Advantages, whatsoever,

whereunto the Governor and Company of the Bank of England were, or before the making of the said recited Act were, entitled by the said Acts of the seventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, and the said Acts of the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or any of them, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, Grants, or Charters, whatsoever, then in force, or which were by the -

said Act ratified and confirmed to the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, freed and discharged of and from the said Proviso and Conditions of Redemption, thereby repealed, or intended to be repealed, as aforesaid, and all other Provisoes, Powers, Acts, Matters, and things, whatsoever, thereto- fore had, made, done, or committed, for redeeming, determining, or making void, the said Corporation or yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds, and the said Privilege of exclusive Banking, and all other their Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Exemptions, Privileges, Profits, and Advantages, or any of them; subject nevertheless to such Reftndtions, Rules, and Directions, and also to such other Agreements, Matters, and Things, as in the said Acts and Charters, or any of them in force, wert contained or'ptelcribed, and also subject to the Power and Condition of Redemption therein after contained in that Behalf: And it was thereby provided and enacted, That’at any Time, upon twelve Months No- tice, after the first Day of August which should be in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and twelve, and not before, and upon Repayment by Parliament, to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their Successors, of the said Sum of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds, advanced by virtue of the said in Part recited Acts, without any Deduction, Discount, or Abate- m> n< whatsoever, to be made out of the said Sum ot three millions, two hundred thousand Pounds, or any

Part thereof; and upon Payment to the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, of all the Ar- rears of the raid one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and all the Principal and Interest Money which should be owing unto them upon all such Tallies, Exchequer Orders, Exchequer Bills, or Parliamentary Funds, which the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, should have remaining in their Hands, or be entitled to at the Time of such Notice to be given as aforesaid, such Funds, for Redemption whereof other Provision is made in and by the Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, always and only ex- eepted; then and in such Case, and not till then, the said yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds 4 shall cease and determine: And to prevent any Doubts that might arise concerning the Privilege or Power given by former Acts of Parliament, to the said Governor and Company, of exclusive Banking, and also

in regard to the erecting any other Bank or Banks by Parliament, or restraining other Persons from Banking during the Continuance of the said Privilege, granted to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as therein belore recited; it was by the said recited Act further enacted and declared, That it was the true Intent and Meaning of the same Act, that no other Bank should be erected, established, or allowed by Parliament; and that it should not be lawful for any Body Politick or Corporate whatsoever,

erected or to be erected. or for any other Persons, united or to be united in Covenants or Partnership,

exceeding the Number of Six Persons, in that Part of Great Britain called England, to borrow, owe, or take up, any Sum or Sums of Money on their Bills or Notes, payable at Demand, or at any less Time than six Months from the borrowing thereof, during the Continuance of such said Privilege to the said Governor and Company, who wtre thereby declared to be and remain a Corporation, with the Privilege of exclusive Banking, as before recited, subject to Redemption on the Terms and Conditions before men- honed; (that is to say,) on one Year’s Notice, after the first Day of August one thousand eight hundred and twelve, and Repayment of the three millions two hundred thousand Pounds, and all Arrears of the one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and all the Principal and Interest Money that should be*owing them on all such Tallies, Exchequer Orders, Exchequer Bills, or Parliamentary Funds, (such Funds as were before Mentioned only and always excepted,) which the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, should have remaining in their Hands, or be entitled to, at the Time of such Notice to be given as aforesaid, and not otherwise; any Thing in the said recited Act, or any former Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary ip any wise notwithstanding: And Whereas the said Governor and Company of the The Tank are Bank of England are willing and contented to advance, towards the Supply granted to your Majesty for willing to ad- the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred, the Sum of three Millions, on or before the fifth Day

of April one thousand eight hundred, on the Security of Exchequer Bills, to bear Date the said fifth Day srtvlccof the of April one thousand eight hundred, and to be made payable without Interest, and to be charged and present Year;

chargeable upon and repaid out of the first Aids or Supplies which shall be granted by Parliament for the on Exchequer'

Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred and six; and in case sufficient Aids or Supplies shall not KRls Payable 10 4 be granted by Parliament for that Purpose before the fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred and 1806 5 4 fi*, the same to be charged and chargeable upon and repaid out of the Consolidated Fund; provided provided that that the said Gfovernor and Company shall have the Option of being repaid the said Sum of three Mil* the Rank lions, at any Time before the Expiration of the Term of six Years* to be computed from the said fifth have the Option 39 & to Geo. III. C. 9 -D,:®

298 C. 28. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

attaining 80 per Cent. Scc.

and that their cxduiive Privilege of Banking be confirmed.

Commissioners of the Treasury empowered to make out Exchequer Bills for three millions, bt fore April 5, 1800.

All the Provi-foei, Penalties, &c. contained in the Malt of this Session 'relating to Exchequer Bills, (except, &c.) shall be applied to the Exchequer Bills to be

Day of April one thousand eight hundred, in case the Price of the Three per Centum Consolidated Annuities shall be Eighty Pounds per Centum, or more, upon giving six Months’ Notice for that Purposeta the Lord High Treasurer, or to the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord HighTrea- surer of Great Britain for the Time being, and upon such Repayment the said Governor and Company shall deduct or allow a Discount to the Publick at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per An- num on the Sum repaid for such Part of the said Term of six Years as shall then remain unexpired: and that in Consideration of the said Act vance of three Millions in the Manner, for the Period, and upon the Terms above-mentioned, the said Governor and Company be continued a Corporation with the foie Power and Privilege of exclusive Banking, and all other the Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Immunities, Exemptions, Privileges, Profits, Emoluments, Benefits, and Advantages, which they now have, possess, or enjoy, by virtue or in pursuance of their Charter, or of any former Aitor Act of Parliament, or of any Employment by or on Behalf of the Publick, be granted and confirmed to the said Governor and Company, in such Manner as is herein after mentioned: Now, we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise, with as much Ease and Advantage as possible to your Subjects, the necessary Supplies, and to encourage the said Governor and Company to advance the said Sum of three Millions, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, at any Time or Times before the fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of three Millions, in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as in and by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred, are enacted and prescribed concerning the Exchequer Bills to be made hi pursuance of the said Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in the said last mentioned Act, relating to the Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the same Act, (except such Claulbs as do Charge the same on the Taxes granted by the same Act, and such Clauses as limit or relate to the ascertaining the Rate of Interest to be paid for the Forbearance of Money lent on the Credit of the said Act, and also except as herein after mentioned,) shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act; as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same bad been originally authorised by the said last mentioned Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

made in pursuance of this Act

No Interest payable on Exchequer Bills.

Bills issued at the Exchequer not to be current to any Collector of the Customs, See* for six Years.

Exchequer Bills to be rc paid cut of any iuppi.cs tobt framed for the Year 1806. If sufficient Supplies are not granted before April 1 £g6, the said Oil s shall be cl r«ed «n the Consoli-daied Fund.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Interest whatsoever shall be payable upon or by virtue of the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act; and that the Whole thereof shall bear Date the fifth Day of April one thousand tight hundred, and be made payable on the fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred and six.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Exchequer Bill or Bills, to be made out by virtue of this Act, shall, after the same hath or have been issued at the Exchequer, be afterwards, at any Time before the Expiration of Six Years from the Day of the Date of such Exchequer Bill, received or taken, or pass or be current to any Receiver or Collector, in Great Britain, of the Customs, Excise, of any Revenue, Supply, Aid, or Tax whatsoever, due or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or at the Receipt of the Exchequer, from any such Receiver or Collector, or from any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate; nor shall any such Receiver or Collector exchange, at any Time before the Expiration of six Years from the Day of the Date of such Exchequer Bills, for any Money of such Revenues, Aids, Taxes, or Supplies, in his Hands, any Exchequer Bill or Bills which shall have been issued as aforesaid by virtue of this Act; nor shall any Action be maintained against any such Receiver or Collector for neglecting or refusing to exchange any such Bill or Bills for ready Money, before the same shall have been issued six Years from the Receipt of the Exchequer, according to the Date thereof; any Thing in the said Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred yQl this Act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That all such Exchequer Bills, and all Charges incident to or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid or borne by or out of any of the Aids or Supplies which shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred and six; and in cale sufficient Aids or Supplies for that Purpose shall not be granted before the fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred and six, then all the said Exchequer Bills, with the Charges incident to or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Monies, as at any Time or Times at or after the said fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred and six, shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the Consolidated Fund,(except such Monies of the said Consolidated F und as shall then be appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf); and such Monie$ of the said Consolidated Fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards paying offi cancelling, and discharging such Exchequer Bills, and Charges, until the Whole of them shall be paid oft', cancelled, and discharged, or Money sufficient for that purpose

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 28. 299

be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the fespective Proprietors thereof.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whatever Monies shall be so issued out of the said Consolidated Fund, shall, from Time to Time be replaced by and out of the firtt Supplies to be then after granted by Parliament; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

out of the then next

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case Provision shall not be made by Parliament for Payment of Exchequer Bills, to be issued in pursuance of this Act, so that the same shall be fully paid and discharged on or before the fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred and six, then, and in that Case, the said Exchequer Bills, or such Part thereof as shall then remain unpaid, shall, from and after the said fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred and six, bear an Interest of five Pounds per Centum per Annum; and such Interest shall be, and the same is hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be borne and paid by or out of the said Fund as the principal Money payable by the said Exchequer Bills is by this Act charged and chargeable upon; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And it is further enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England. and their Successors, shall, and are hereby required to exchange for the Promissory Notes of the said Governor and Company, payable to Bt *rer on Demand, from Time to Time, all such of the said Exchequer Bills, as shall, within the Space of six Years from the Date thereof, be tendered or produced to them or their Ca-(hier or Cashiers for that Purpose, by any Person or Persons; and shall pay, or cause to be paid, to such Person or Persons, in such Notes as afore laid, the Sum for which every such Bill, so tendered or produced, was issued, and shall exchange in Manner aforesaid such of the said Bills as shall have been, from Time to Time, paid away or circulated by or on the Behalf of the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, and shall, before the said fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred and six, be tendered or produced as aforesaid, as often as such Case shall happen: And the said-Governor and Company, or their Successors or their Agents or Servants, shall not be entitled to or receive any Premium, Rate, or Allowance whatsoever, for or in respect of the exchanging or circulating the said Exchequer Bills; any Thing herein, or in any other Act of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their Successors, or their Cashier or Cashiers, shall neglect or refute to exchange any such Exchequer Bill or Bills for such Notes as aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, upon Demand thereof made at their chief Office within the City of London, for the Space of twenty-four Hours, then the Person or Persons demanding the same, or the Person or Persons for and on whose Behalf such Demand shall be made, shall and may recover the Amount of such Exchequer Bill or Bills, to his, her, or their own Use, by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, or any more than one Imparlance; in which Action, Bill, Suit, or Information, it shall be lawful to declare that the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, are indebted to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs the Money demanded upon the said Bill or Bills, according to the Form of the Statute, and have not paid the same, which shall be sufficient; and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in such Action, Bill, Suit, or Information, shall recover against the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, not only the Money fq neglected or refilled to be paid, but also Damages, after the Rate of fifteen Pounds per Centum per Annum, on such Money, together with full Coffs of Suit; and the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, and their said Stock and Funds, shall be, and are hereby made subject and liable thereunto.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Clauses, Powers and Provisions in the said Act, made in this pn/.jnt Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perrys for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred, relating to such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, as should contract, by virtue of that Act, with the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, for the circulating and exchanging for ready Money the Exchequer Bills determined by the said Act authorised to be issued, (except the Clause for altering the Rate of interest, and such other Parts as are varied by this Act), shall extend to and operate, with respect to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, in relation to the Exchequer Bills to be made out, exchanged, and circulated, by virtue of this Act, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes as if a Contract in Writing had been made for that Purpose in the Manner prescribed by the said Act, and as if the said Clauses, Powers and Provisions, were herein specially re-enacted and applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case at any Time previous to the Expiration of the said Term of six Years, to be computed from the said fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred tire Price of the three Pounds^r Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities shall be eighty Pounds per Centum or more, and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall then, or at any Time afterwards previous to the Expiration of the said Term of six Years, be minded and desirous to be repaid the said Sum of three Millions; and of such their Mind and Intention shall give Notice to the Lord High Treasurer, or to the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain for the Time being, that then and in that £)afe, from and after the Expiration of such Notice, the whole of the Exchequer Bills to be granted in pursuance of this Act shall become due and payable, in like Manner as if the said Term of six Years had expired; and in case Payment thereof shall not be provided for by Parliament, previous to the Expiration of such Notice, the said Exchequer Bills, together with all Charges incident to or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid or borne by

Monies so issued out of the Confab da ted Fund to be replaced granted Supplies.

Exchequer Bills to bear Interest if not paid on or before April 5, 1806.

The Bank to exchange for their Promissory Notes all such of the said Bills as shall, within six Years, be tendered to them 1

But shall not be entitled to any Premium for the same.

In case the Bank refuse Payment, how such Notes may be recovered.

Plaintiff entitled tQ Damages at the Rate of 15l. per Cent. per Ann. and Coils.

The Provisions in the M.dtAdl of this Session relating to Persons con tracing to circulate, &c. Exchequer Bills, (except, &c.) shall extend to the Bank in relation to the Bills made by virtue of this Act.

If previous to the Expiration of six Years the three per Cerffc. Consols be at 80 per Cent, the Exchequer Bills shall become payable, on the Bank giving No-tice to the Treasury, &c.

300 C. 28. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Jf Exchequer Fil!» become payable pui fu-ar.t to fu^h Notice, Difeourt to b* allowed, &c. for the unex-p red Term.

Such Part of the reared Act *1 Geo. 3. as relates to the determining the Corporation of the Bank, &c. repealed: and the Bank to remain a Body Corporate, &c. and to enjoy an exclusive Privilege of Banking, tee. fu! jest to the Power of Redemption in this Act.

3 beo. 1. c. 8.

or out of any of the Aids or Supplies which shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year irr

which such Notice as aforesaid shall expire; and in case sufficient Aids or Supplies for that Purpose shall not be granted by Parliament previous to the Expiration of such Notice as aforesaid* then all the said Exchequer Bill*, with the Charges incident to or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged anti7 chargeable upon such Monies as at any Time or Times, at or after trie Expiration of the said Notice, shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer arising from the Consolidated Fund, (except such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund as shall be appropriated to any particular Uie or Uies, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf,); and such Monies of the said Consolidated Kurd shall and may be issued and applied as soon as the same can be regularly Rated and ascertained for and towards paying off, cancelling, and 1 (iifeharging such Exchequer Bills and Charges, until the Whole of them shall be paid eff, cancelled, and discharged, or Money fuiilrient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Holdeis or Proprietor thereof

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case the Exchequer Bills, to be issued in pursuance of this Act, shall become payable at any Time previous to the Expiration of the said Term of six Years, in pursuance of such Notice as aforesaid. then and in that Case the said Governor and Company of the Bank: of England shall deduct and allow out of the Whole or such Part of the said Exchequer Bills as they shall hold or retain in their Hands or Possession, a Difcrxmt, at and after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, for such Part of the said Term of six Years, as shall remain unexpired at the Expiration cl such^ Notice as aCresaid; and in case the Whole of the said Exchequer Bills shall not, at the Expiration of such Notice, be remaining in the Hands or Possession of the said Governor and Company, then and in that Case they shall and will, on or previous to the Expiration of such Notice, pay into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer a Discount upon the Whole or such Part of the said Exchequer Bills as shall not remain in their Hands or Poiitffion, at and after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, for such Part of the said Term of six Years as shall then remain unexpired; and in Default thereof, the Provision hereinbefore made for Payment of the said Exchequer Bills, upon the Expiration of such Notice as aforesaid, shall cc.de, determine, and be absolutely void; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary in any Wife notwithstanding.

XIII. And, for the Encouragement of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, to exchange and circulate the said Exchequer Bills, in the Manner and during the Time herein—-before mentioned; and to the End that the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, may have a competent Recompence and Consideration for so doing; it is hereby declared and enacted, That such Part of the said recited Provision contained in the said Act, made in the twenty first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the determining the said Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and the said Corporation of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, upon the Notice and Payments therein-mentioned, shall be, and is hereby repealed and made void; and that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their oucccfiors, for ever, shall remain, continue, and be one Body Corporate and Politick, by the Name aforesaid", and shall forever have, receive, and enjoy the said entire yearly* Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds out of the said Rates and Duties of Excise, together with a perpetual Succession and Privilege of exclusive Banking, as herein after is mentioned, and all other Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Immunities, Exemptions, Privileges, Profits, Emoluments, Benefits* and Advantages whatsoever, which the Governor and Company of the Bank of England now have, poflefe*. or enjoy, or whereunto they are, or, before the making of this Act, were entitled, by the said Acts of the seventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the said Acts of the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the fourth and twenty-first Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, or any of them, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, Grants, or Charters whatsoever, now in force; or, by virtue of any Employment by or on Behalf of the Publick; *!1 which are by this Act ratified and confirmed to the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, freed and discharged of and from the said Proviso and Conditions of Redemption hereby repealed, or intended to be repealed, as aforesaid; and al) other Provisoes, Powers, Acts, Matters, and Things whatsoever, heretofore had, made, done, or committed, for redeeming, determining, or making void the said Corporation, or the said yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds, and the said Privilege of exclusive Banking, and all other their Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Immunities, Exemptions, Privileges, Profits, Emoluments, Benefits, and Advantages, or any of them: subject nevertheless to such Restrictions* Rules, and Directions, and also to such other Agreements, Matters, and Things, as in the said Acts and Charters, or any of them now in force, are contained or prescribed; and also subject to the Power and Condition of Redemption herein after in this Act contained in this Behalf.

XIV. And whereas there is due from the Publick to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, not only the said Sum of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds, advanced by virtue of the said in Part recited Acts, but also the further Sum of eight millions four hundred and eighty-six thousand and eight hundred Pounds, which, together with the Interest or Annuities payable thereon or in respect thereof, are secured to the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, in Manner following, (that is to say* the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, (Part of two millions secured and remaining due to the said Governor and Company, under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the third Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for redeeming several Funds tf* the Governor and Company of the Hank of England, pursuant to former Provisoes of Redemption, and for securing to them several new Funds and Allowances redeemable by Parliament; and for obliging them to advance further Sums, not exceeding two millions jive hundred thousand Pounds at jive Pounds per Centum as shall be found necessary, to be employed in lejfetiing the National Debts and Incumbrances; and for continuing certain Provisions formerly

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 28. 301

made for the Expences of his Majesty's Civil Government, and for Payment of Annuities formerly purchased at the Rate of five Pounds per centum, and for other Purposes in this Act mentioned ;) the farther Sum of four millions, secured to the find Governor and Company under and by virtue of another Act of

Parliament, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty King George the First, intituled,

4. An Act to enable the South Sea Company to dispose of the Effects in their Hands by way of Lottery or Subscription, or to sell Part of their Fund or Annuity, payable at the Exchequer, in order to pay the Debts of the Jhid Company; and for Relief of such who are intended to have the Benefit of a late Act, touching Payment of ten per Centum, therein-mentioned; the further Sum of one million seven hundred and fifty thousand 4' Pounds, secured to the said Governor and Company under and by virtue of another Act of Parliament,

made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England at four Pounds per Centum, redeemable by Parliament, and charged upon the Duties on Coals and Culm; and for further applying the Produce of the Sinking Fund; and for enlarging the Time for exchanging Nevis and Saint Chriftopher’s Debentures for Annuities at three per Centum, and for applying the Arrears of his late Majesty's . Civil List Revenues; the further Sum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, secured to the said Governor and Company, under and by virtue of another Act of Parliament, made in the second Year of the f Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for raising the Sum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum

per Annum redeemable by Parliament, and for applying the Produce of the Sinking Fund; and the further Sum of nine hundred and eighty-six thousand eight hundred Pounds, secured to the said Governor and Company, under and by virtue of another Act of Parliament, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for cancelling certain Exchequer Bills upon the Terms therein mentioned; and for obliging them to advance the Sum of one million upon the Credit of the Land Tax and Malt Duties, granted to his Majesty for Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty six be it enacted, That at any Time, upon twelve Months Notice, to be given after the first Day of August which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, and not before, and upon Repayment by Parliament, to the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, of the said Sum of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds, without any Deduction, Discount, or Abatement whatsoever; and upon Payment to the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, of all Arrears of the said one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum \ and also upon Repayment by Parliament to the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, of the said further Sum of eight millions four hundred and eighty six thousand and eight hundred Pounds, together with the Interest or Annuities payable thereon, or in relped thereofj and also upon Repayment of <fll the principal Money and Interest which shall be owing unto the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, upon all such Tallies, Exchequer Orders, Exchequer Bills, or Parliamentary Funds, which the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, shall have remaining in their Hands, or be entitled to at the Time of such Notice to be given as aforesaid: then and in such Case, and not till then, the said yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds shall eeafe and determine*.

XV. And to prevent any Doubts that may arise concerning the Privilege or Power given, by former Acts of Parliament, to the said Governor and Company, of exclusive Banking, and also in regard to the erecting any other Bank or Banks by Parliament, or restraining other Persons from Banking during the Continuance of the said Privilege, granted to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as be fore recited; it is hereby further enacted and declared, That it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, that no other Bank shall be erected, established, or allowed by Parliament; and that it shall not be lawful for any Body Politick or Corporate whatsoever* erected or to be erected, or for any other Persons, united or to be united in Covenants or Pannership, exceeding the Number of six Persons, in that Part of Great Britain called England, to borrow, owe, or take up, any Sum or Sums of Money on their Bills or Notes, payable on Demand, or at any less Time than six Months from the borrowing thereof, during the Continuance of the said Privilege to the said Governor and Company; who are hereby declared to be and remain a Corporation, with the Privilege of exclusive Banking, as before recited, subject to Redemption on the Terms and Conditions before mentioned; (that is to say,) on One Year’s Notice to be given after the first Day of Au^uft one thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, and Repayment of the said Sum of three ihiilions two hundred thousand Pounds, and all Arrears of the said one hundred thousand Pounds per An-num; and a»so upon Repayment of the said Sum of eight millions four hundred and e ghty-six thousand and eight hundred Pounds, and the Interest or Annuities payable tnercon or in relped thereof, and all the Principal and Interest Money that shall be owing on all such Tallies, Exchequer Orders, Exchequer Bills, Parliamentary b unds, or other Government Securities, which the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, shall have remaining in their Hands, or be entitled to, at the Time of such Notice to be given as aforesaid, and not otherwise; any Thing in this Act, or any former Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That any Vote or Resolution of the House of Commons, signified by the Speaker of the said House in Writing, and delivered at the Publick Office of the said Governor and Company, or their Successors* shall be deeaned and adjudged to be a sufficient Notice, within the Words or Meaning of this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Publick Act.]

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act; and judicially taken Notice of by all Judges, Justices, or other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

30*

8 Geo. i. c. 2ft

1 Geo. a. c.

z Geo. a. a 3^.

19 Geo.

At any Time

afttr Aug. 1, 1833, upon twelve Months Notice, and repayment of the said 3»2<jo, oooot4 and all Arrears of the said ico, ooool per Annum;

also tl.e Sum ot 8,486*8001. StCw

the said Yearlyj Fund of 100,0001 shall ccafe*

No other flank* shall be erected by Parliament during the Continuance of the said Privilege;

nor shall any Number of Bankers in Partnership exceeding six be allowed.

Conditions of Redemption.

What shall be deemed a sufficient Notice.

---

302 C. 29. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Wheaten Flour, and Rice, until the first Day of October one thousand eight hundred.

[4th April 1800.]

[See c. 35, giving a Bounty on Oats imported; and c. 53 on Rye. - See also c. 91. prohibiting the Exportation of Rice.]

---

Certain Bounties granted on Wheat, Wheat* tn Flour, and Rice, imported before Oct. 1, jSoo.

Bounty on Wheat and Flour, to be pa'.rf according to the Average Price of Wheat,

WHEREAS it is expedient that Encouragement should be given, for a limited Time, to the Import- ation into this Kingdom of Wheat and Wheaten Flour, from the Countries in the Mediterranean and America; and of Wheat from any of the Ports of the Baltic, and from any of the Ports of German)t,

and any Ports North of the Texet, and from the Port of Archangel; and also for the Importation into this Kingdom oiRice: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, ly and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the several Articles herein after mentioned, imported or brought into this Kingdom in British Ships or Vessels, or in Ships or Vessels belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, however the same may be navigated, there shall be paid and allowed the following Bounties; (that is to say), If the Average Price of Wheat in all England, ascertained and published in the London Gazette under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament, shall be less than ninety Shillings per Quarter, a Bounty equal to the Difference of such Average Price and such Rate of ninety Shillings shall be paid on every Quarter of Wheat which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain before the first Day of October one thousand eight hundred, from any Port of Europe South of Cape Finisterre, or from any Port in the Mediterranean or in Africa, or from any of his Majesty's Colonies in America, or the United States^, and that whenever the Average Price of Wheat, ascertained and published as aforesaid, shall be Jess than eighty-five Shillings per Quarter, there shall be given on every Quarter of Wheat which shall beim-

Ported into Great Britain from any of the Ports of the Baltic, or from any of the Ports of Germany, oraay orts North of the Texel, before the first Day of October one thousand eight hundred, a Bounty equal to the Difference between such Average Price in the London Gazette, and such Rate of eighty-five Shillings; and that whenever the Average Price of Wheat, ascertained and published as aforesaid, shall be less than ninety Shillings per Quarter, there shall be given, on every Quarter of Wheat which shall be imported into Great Britain from the Port of Archangel before the first Day of October one thousand eight hundred, a Bounty equal to the Difference between such Average Price in the London Gazette and such Rate of ninety Shillings; and that whenever the Average Price of Wheat, ascertained and published as aforesaid, shall be less than one hundred Shillings per Quarter, a Bounty equal to the Difference between such Average Price and such Rate of one hundred Shillings, shall be paid on every Sack of fine Wheaten Flour of the Weight of two hundred and eighty Pounds Avoirdupois, and fb in proportion for any greater or less Quantity, according to the Weight thereof, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain before the said first Day of October from any of his Majesty's Colonies in America, or from the United States; and for every such Sack of fine Wheaten Flour which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain from any other Country than his Majesty's said Colonies and the said United States, there shall be paid a Bounty equal to four-fifths of the Bounty which would have been payable by this Act on a Quarter of Wheat; imported at such Time, from every such Country respectively, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity, according to the Weight thereof; and whenever the Current Price of Rice imported into this Kingdom, to be ascertained by the Prices in the London Market, shall be less than one Pound fifteen Shillings per hundred ‘ Weight, a Bounty equal to the Difference between such Current Price and of one Pound fifteen Shillings per hundred Weight, on every one hundred Weight of Rice which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain before the first Day of October one thousand eight hundred.

II. And, in order that the Bounty shall be governed as near as may be by the Average Price of Wheat at the Time of Importation,* be it enacted, That such Bounty shall be paid upon such Wheat and Flour respectively, according to the Average Price of Wheat in England and Wales, so ascertained and published in the London Gazette in the second Week after such Wheat and Flour shall have been imported.

published in the Gazette the second Week after its Importation.

Importers of Rice within London and the Fills of Motta-I.ty, luyin^or Idling any, shall return to the Clcik ro the Grocers Company, a like Account as is required with idpect to Sugar, by 31010.3. c. 43. who shall cause the* Averse Price to be-

III. And, in order that the Average Prices of Rice in the London Market may be ascertained for the Purposes of this Act, be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Importer of Rice within the City of London or the Bills of Mortality, who shall, from and after the passing of this Act, by himself or his Sworn Broker, or any other Agent, buy or sell any Rice, shall return or cause to be returned to the Clerk to the Grocers Company, such and the like Account in every Respect as is required to be returned with respect to Sugar by an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships and the Clerk to the Grocers’ Company shall ascertain the Average Price in the London Market, of all the Rice so bought and sold as aforesaid during the Continuance of this Act, and shall cause the same to be published in the London Gazette in like Manner in every Respect as is directed by and according to such and the like Regulations as are contained in the said recited Act; and all the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things whatsoever in the said recited Act contained,

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 29 - 30. 303

relating to the delivering in such Account as is in the said recited Act mentioned, and to the ascertaining and publishing the Average Prices of Sugar, and all Things relating thereto, shall be and are hereby declared to be in Full force during the Continuance of this Act, with regard to Rice, in as full and ample a Manner as if the same were severally and respectively re-enacted and repeated in this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Bounties shall be under the Management qF the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, and shall be paid out of any Monies in their Hands arising by any of the Duties or Revenues under their Management respectively, to the respective Importers or Consignees of such Wheat, Wheaten Flour, and Rice respectively: Provided always, That a due Entry shall be made with the proper Officers of the Customs, at the Port into which such Articles shall be imported: Provided also, that the Collector, or other proper Officer of the Customs of the Port where such Wheat or Wheaten Flour shall be imported, do receive full and satisfactory Proof, that the said Wheat and Wheaten Flour, for which the Bounty herein allowed is claimed, is wholly and entirely without Mixture of any other Corn or Grain, and that in Default thereof the said Bounties shall not nor shall any of them be allowed or paid.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That none of the Bounties granted by this Act shall be paid, allowed, or received, unless the several Articles in this Act *fc enumerated and described shall be imported or brought respectively into some one or other of his Majesty's Ports, (that is to say) the Ports of London, Aberystwith, Barnstaple, Beaumaris, Berwick, Biddeford, Boston, Bridgewater, Bridport, Bristol, Cardiff, Cardigan, Carlisle, Carnarvon, Chester, Chichester, Colchester, Cowes, Dartmouth, Dover, Exeter, Falmouth, Fenvey, Harwich, Hull, Ip/wich, Lane after, Liverpool, Lyme, Lynn, Malden, Milford, Newcastle, Nnuhaven, Penzance, Plymouth, Poole, Portsmouth, Preston, Rochester, Sandwich, Scarborough. Shoreham, Southampton, Stockton, Sunderland, Swansea, Wells, Weymouth, Whitehaven, Whitby, Wisbeach. Yarmouth ;* Aberdeen, Ayr, Alloa, Borrowstoness, Campbeltoun, Dumfries, Dunbar, Port Dundas, Dundee, Grangemouth, Glasgoro, including Port Glasgow, Greenock, including Kirkaldy, Kirkcudbright, Leith, Lerwick, Aiontrofe, Perth, and LPigton*

VI. And be it further enacted, That before any of the said Articles, imported or brought into this Kingdom for Bounty under the Regulations of this Act, shall be delivered out of the Charge of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs of the Port where the same shall be respectively so imported or brought, such Articles respectively shall be carefully and attentively inspected and examined by such Officer or Officers of the Customs as the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively shall think lit to direct for that Duty, and two indifferent and disinterested Persons experienced in the Nature of the Article to be so inspected and examined; which two indifferent and disinterested Persons shall be chosen by the principal Officers of the Customs at such Port, or any two of them, whereof the Collector for the Time being shall be one 5 which said Officer or Officers of the Customs so directed by the said Commissioners of the Customs respectively, and the said two indifferent and disinterested Persons, so chosen as aforesaid to inspect and examine the said Articles respectively, shall, upon having viewed the same, certify and declare, upon their corporal Oaths, first administered by the said principal Officers, or any two of them, whereof the Collector shall be one (who are hereby authorised and required to administer the same) whether the said Articles respectively are or are not merchantable and fit for making Bread; and if the same shall appear by such Certificate to be merchantable and fit for making Bread, the Bounties respectively granted by this Act shall be paid and allowed thereon; but if the same shall appear by such Certificate not to be merchantable or fit for making Bread, no Bounty granted by this Act shall be paid or allowed thereon.

Recompence to be made the Inspectors. 1 d. per Quarter for Wheat, or 28olb. Avoirdupois Werght of Rice; and 1 d, per Barrel for Flour. §7. Commissioners of Customs may pay Bounties on Articles " imported before Ob7. 15, 1800, on Proof of the Vessels having failed at such Times that they might in the ordinary Course of their Voyage have arrived before Obi. ift. §8. Vessels arriving at a Port 4< where the Bounty is not allowed, may fail to one where it is. §9.

[as under 36 Geo. 3. c. zt. §5,6,7.] 44 Continuance of Act to 15th Obi. 1800. §10. Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §11."

303

published in the Gazttcc.

Bounties to be under the Management of the Commissioner* of Customs. Entry to be made at the Port of Importation, and Proof given that the Articles are free from Mixture. No Bounties to be allowed unit fs the Articles are imported at certain Ports.

Articles imported, shall be inspected by the Officers of the Customs, and two skilful Persons, who are to certify whether they are fit for making Bread.

---

CAP. XXX.

An Act for extending, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, the Period of Preference, granted and continued by several Acts to Bodies Corporate and Persons for the Redemption of Land Tax, and for enlarging several of the Powers contained in the said Acts.

[4th April 1800.]

---

'WHEREAS it is expedient that the Period within which all Bodies Corporate and Politick, Compa- nies and Persons mentioned in several Acts passed in the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, were allowed the Benefit of Preference in contracting for the Redemption of any Land Tax therein mentioned, and which was, by an Act of the present Session of Parliament *, ex- [f. J0.] 4 tended until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred, should be revived, continued, and further extended; and that further Provision should be made for facilitating the Redemption of the Land Tax, by Archbishops, Bishops, and other ecclesiastical Persons, and by all Corporations May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

304. C. 30. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 180.0.

Corporation* and Persons entitled to redeem Land Tax till March 25, 1801, inAead of March ijj 2800.

So much of 3S Geo. 3. c. 60, [$»o, 38.J as requirts the ConAnt of Commissioners to tire Grant of any Mortgage, &C by Corporations repealed.

Mortgage* by Corporations shall in future be made under Authority of the Commissioners appointed by Letters Patent unccr 39 Geo. 3. c. 21.

The said Commissioners shall have the lame Powers touching such Grants a* they have concerning Sales of Manors, &c.

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Bodies Corporate and Politick, Companies and Persons in the said Acts mentioned, who, by the same Acts, or any of them, were empowered to contract for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, ot which they were or should be in Possession, or to the Rents and Profits whereof they were or should be beneficially entitled, or in which they should have any Estate or Interest in Remainder, Reversion, or Expectancy, or, being substitute Heirs of Entail, should be entitled in their Older to succeed to, in Preference to any other Bodies, Corporations, Companies, or other Persons whatsoever, not having an Estate or Interest: therein, and the respective Committees, Curators, Tutors, Guardians, or Trustees of such Per-fops on their Behalf respectively, are hereby declared to hate, and shall continue to have and te entitled to such and the like Preference in the Redemption of such Land Tax over such other Bodies, Corporations, Companies, or Persons, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred, until and upon the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much, and such of the Provisions of an Act passed in the thirty- eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making perpetual, Juhjetd to Redcmp* Uon and Purchase in the Manner thereinft (it ed, the federal Sums of Aloney now charged in Great Britain as q Land Tax for one Tear, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty require that the Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed, for carrying that Act into Execution, shall content to and approve of the Grant of any Mortgage or any Rent Charge thereby authorised to be made or granted by any Bodies Corporate or Politick, or Companies, and also such Provisions as require that a Schedule should be produced, and one Month’s Notice in Writing given to the said Commissioners previously to any such Mortgage or grant, and all such other Provisions as require the Sanction, Direction, Authority, or Concutrence of the said Commissioners to or in any such Mortgage or Grant, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, be^ and the same are hereby repealed.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Mortgage or Rent Charge which shall be nfiade or granted from and after the passing of the Act, by any such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies as aforesaid, for the Purpose of redeeming all or any Part of the Land Tax charged upon any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments belonging to them, whether the same shall be in their own Possession, orletto Tenants at Will, or from Year to Year, or for any Term of YeaTsabfolute or determinable on a Life or Lives, for which a Fine or Premium was or shall be paid, or for Lives, where a Rent was or shall be reserved or a Fine or Premium paid, shall be made under the Direction and Authority of the Commissioners appointed by his Majesty, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, under the Authority of an Act passed in the thirty ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Aid to amend and render more effectual two Aids passed in the thirty-eighth Tar of his present Majesty's Reign and the present Session of Parliament, for the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax; and every such Mortgage or Rent Charge, when approved of and confirmed by the said last mentioned Commissioners, or any two or nvre of them, certified by their signing and sealing the Deed or Deeds creating the same, shall be valid and efredlual.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners last herem-befiore mentioned, shall and may have and exercise, and are hereby inverted with all and singular the same Powers and Authorities of Controul, Discretion, Consent, Approbation, and Confirmation, and of requiring Information, and of receiving Affidavits and Depositions to be taken by and before the same Persons, and all other Powers and Authorities touching and concerning any such Mortgage or Rent Charge as last herein-before mentioned, as they are inverted with by the Act last herein*before referred to, touching and concerning the Sales of Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments thereby made subject to their Controul, Direction, and Confirmation. '

Governors of V. ^urt^ier ena^ecL That it shall be lav ful for the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, for

Queen Anne’s the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, who are authorised by the afore-mentioned Acts,

bounty may or any of them, to lay out Monies applicable towards the Augmentation of Livings in and for the Redemp-

purchaseRent tion of Land Tax, from Time to Time to lay out any such Sum or Sums as now is or are or shall be

Charge* granted hereafter applicable for that Purpose, by virtue of the same Acts, or any of them, in, for, or towards the of Living aut- purchasing any Rent Charge or Rent Charges which shall have been or shall be granted under the Auiho-merited by nfe ricy of any of the said Acts, or of this Act, by any Rector, V icar, or Curate, of any Living or Livings which Bounty, that the said Governors have already agreed or shall hereafter agree to augment; and such Rent Charge or Rent

they may be ex- Charges, when so purchased, shall be surrendered to such Rector, Vicar, or Curate, as the Case may be, or

tin^’-ushed. his Successors, to the Intent that the lame may (ink and be extinguished for the Benefit of such Living or

ftfr anV3» Uvi,*.

Geo. 3. f. 43- §6-3

Trust es for the poor Clergy, under any Wills, may execute the Powers given them by 39 GcO. 3. c 6 §32: and c. 43. §7. for the Redemption of Land Tax contn6>cd for by Incumbents, until March25, i3ci.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees for the Time being of any Trust Property heretofore given by any Will for the Purpose of being laid out in the Purchase otLands or impropriate Tnhes for the Benefit of the poor Clergy of England, and who were empowered by an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act ts

enlarge the "Time limited for the Redemption of the Land Tax, and to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Aid for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the A/anner therein stated, the several Sums of Aloney now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax for one Year, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight -,' and by another Act passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Tint limited by certain Alls passed for the Redemption of the Land Tax, and for explaining and amending the Jaw, to apply their Funds therein-mentioned for the Redemption or Purchase of Land Tax charged upon the Lands, Tithes, or other Profits, arising from any Living or Livings belonging to the

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 30. 305

Church of England, which should have been contracted for on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand eight hundred, to carry into Execution all and every the Paid Powers for the Redemption or Purchase of such Land Tax, which shall have been or shall be contracted for by the Incumbent or Incumbents of any Living or Livings, in the Manner directed by the Paid first mentioned Act, at any Time before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one; and the Transfer of Stock or Payment of Money for such Redemption shall have Effect from the Quarter Day preceding Puch Transfer or Payment; and all other Acts, Matters, and Things, which the Paid Erustees might fully have done under and by virtue of the Paid Acts, or either of them, shall be as valid and effectual to exonerate and discharge the Lands. Tithes, and other Profits of such Living or Livings from the Payment of the Land Tax redeemed, as if Puch Land Tax had been contracted for on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thott-sand eight hundred: and all Contracts made before the passing of this Act shall be valid and effectual, for the Purpol es in the Paid Act mentioned, notwithstanding any Limitations of Time therein contained.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governors of the Charity for the Relief Governors of

of the poor Widows and Children of Clergymen, under the Direction and Authority of any two or more the Charity for of the Commissioners appointed by the Paid ACi passed in the thirty-ninth Year of hist present Majesty's Me Rt lie tot the Reign, intituled, /In Afl to amend and render more effectual two Aflspajfed in the thirty-eighth Year of his Cll-j4^0? frejent Majestfs Reign and the present Session of Paruament^for the Redemption and Purchase of the Land clergymen, Tax^ to sell and dispose of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, given to them msy, under the by any Will, either generally in Trust for the Relief of such poor Widows or Children as aforesaid, or Pubject Authority of to any Qualifications or Restrictions as to the Mode of applying such Relief, in the Extent of the Allow- *wo Commis-ance to be made to Individuals, and to apply the Money arising by such Sale or Sales for the Purpose of *putcha{jrig or redeeming Land Tax charged on any Manors* Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Heredita- Geo 3. c/ii! xnents, veiled in such Governors, for the Purposes of tV'ir Charity., fdi Lands *ivcn

by Will, and purchase the Land Tax on any Lands vested in them.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That where the Land Tax charged upon the Glebe Lands, Tithes, Where the Land

or other Profits of any Living or Livings in the Patronage of any College, Cathedral Church, Hall, or Tax on the House of Learning in either of the Universities of Oxford' and Cambridge, or in the Patronage of either of p. of the Colleges of Eaton or lYinche/lery or of any Trustee or Trustees for any such College, Cathedral Church* tronage^f any Hall, or House of Learning as aforesaid, shall not have been redeemed or purchased j>y the Incumbent of College, fee at such Living or Livings, it shall be lawful for the Corporations of such Colleges, Cathedral Churches, Halls, Oxford or Cam-or Houses of Learning respectively, to purchase or redeem the same on the same Terms as Persons intitled hr!H?r» or lh«r in Remainder to such Glebe Lands, Tithes, or other Profits would be capable of so doing, and to provide Whi-

for such Purchase or Redemption by a Sale of any Lands or Tenements belonging to such Corporations chertcMhaii respectively, or by the Grant of any Rent Charge, which they could or might lawfully make for the not have burn Redemption or Purchase of any Land Tax charged on their own Lands, and the Land Tax so redeemed purchased by shall be forthwith extinguished; but such College, Cathedral Church, Hall, or House of Learning re- Me Incumbent, spectively shall nevertheless be entitled to an annual Rent Charge Killing out of such Living, equivalent to f ur-

the Amount of such Land Tax, which shall be recoverable by Action, Suit, Distress, or any other Means, ^hafeU as Per" fcy which Rents reserved by Leases are recoverable at Law, unless it shall be declared in Writing, under f0*,$ entitled la the Common Seal of the Body or Bodies having such Right of Patronage or Nomination, at the Time of Remainder,

presenting or nominating any Clerk or Clerks to such Living or Livings, that such Rent Charge shall be and nwy 'kfl suspended during his or their Incumbency or respective Incumbencies; which Declaration the Body ^n^c^rxef^ or Bodies entitled to nominate to such Living or Livings shall from Time to Time be competent to majee; ^"that Pur and such Suspension shall be without Prejudice to the Right of the said Body or Bodies to recover p0fr; but the the faitie after the next or any future Avoidance: Provided always, That any Declaration made by such College, &c. last mentioned Bodies, or any of them, at the Time of redeeming the said Land Tax, shall be as available toall be emitted during the Incumbency of the then Rettor, V icar, or Curate, as if it had been made at the Time of his being

preferred to such Living. # the Living,

equivalent to the Amount, unitf$ on the nominating an Incumbent, it shall be declared in Writing, that the Rent Charge shall be suspended during iiis Incumbency.

IX. And be it further enacted, That where any Land Tax, charged upon any Rectory, Vicarage, or Patrons redeem-other Living, shall have been or shall hereafter be redeemed by the Patron or Patrons thereof, and such M,f*fmd 1 Rectory, Vicarage, or other Living, shall thereby have been or shall be exonerated from such Land Tax, J"vc the hkc then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for such Patron or Patrons, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, lum-.dies for Administrators, or Assigns, from Time to Time to use the same Powers and Remedies for the Recovery of Recovery of the

She Amount of such Land Tax as Landlords can or may use for the Recovery of Rents in arrear. Amount as

Landlords have for Rent.

X. And whereas by the said Act passed in the thirty-ninth Yeartff his Majesty's Reign, it is enacted, When the Pur- That upon the Purchase as therein mentioned, of the Reversion of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tene- Mate of any me 1 us or Hereditaments, holder, by any Lease as therein mentioned by or with the proper Monies of the hoWenby

Person or Persons for the Time being beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits thereof, such Reversion j^afe’, shall be shall be settled under the Direction of the said Commissioners, foas and in such Manner as that the Amount ir.adeby Persons. of the Money paid for the Purchase thereof, with lawful Interest, may be a Charge on such Reversion for «uitkd to the the Benefit of the Person or Persons advancing the same, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and of ;‘ny

Assigns, and that subject thereto the Fee^Simple of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and He- the immec:] tc 4 reditaments, shall be settled for the Benefit of the Person or Persons so purchasing the lame, and of such other imcrca$, a*

306 C. 30. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

well as the Reversion, shall be chargeable with the Money advanced, and Interest,&c.

[See t.q Geo. 3. c. 10S, §8.]

‘ Person or Persons as would have been entitled to the Benefit of any renewed Lease, as in the said Act 4 mentioned: And whereas no Power is thereby. given to charge the subsisting Estates in such Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, with the Money to be advanced for such Purchase, or to make any such Charge, except where the Monies advanced are the proper Monies of the Person or Persons beneficially entitled to the P»ents and Profits thereof:* Be it enacted, That when any such Purchase of any such Reversion shall be made by or on the Behalf of the Persons entitled to the Benefit of any fulfilling Lease or Leases, the immediate Estates and Interests, as well as the Reversion expectant thereon, Hull be charged with and made subject to the Re-payment of the Principal Money to be advanced for the Purchase of such Reversion, with IntereR for the same, as the said Commissioners shall direct: Provided always, That the Persons entitled successively to the Rents and Profits of such Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments respectively, shall be made chargeable with the Interdl accrued during his or her Estate therein, and that no greater Arrear than for one Year shall be recoverable, again# any Person who shall become entitled in Remainder, for Interdl accrued during the Estate or Term of any Person or Persons entitled to any preceding Estate or Interest in the Premises.

Persons entitled to the Rents chargeable with Intered, and only one Year’s ArTear of Interest to be recoverable against the Remainder Man.

Reversioners may sell the Fee-Simple of Lands, fu^iecl to the fubMVing Interims, to raise Money for the Redemption of the Lind Tax thereon, and on any other Lane's limited to the same Uses.

Where an Option shall have been dectand to consider the Contractor for the Land Tax on the same Footing as a Person not interested in the Lands $ [S<r 38 Geo. 3. $ 17.

‘37.7*.77>^-] Such Contractor may, within three Months after March 25, 1800, apply to the Commissioners, who .'may contract with him for exonerating the Land from the > Tax, and may amend Contrails, or c ntcr into new Ones.

No such Lands shall be exoner-i atch where the Ladd l ax has

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all and every Person or Persons, who is or are or shall, for the Time being, be entitled to the immediate Reversion or Remainder, to any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall have been granted by any former Owner or Owners for any beneficial Lease or Leases, or by any Copy or Copies of Court Roll, or by any other Grant, according to the Custom of any iMunor. for Life or Lives, or Years absolute, or Years determinable upon any Life or Lives, to sell and dispose of the Fee-Simple and Inheritance of any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, subject to the fubfiffing Interests of such respective Lessees, Copyholders, or other Customary Tenants, for the Purpose of railing Money for the Redemption of the Land 'Fax charged thereon, and also on any other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and whether in the same or different Counties, the Reversion, Fee-Simple, and Inheritance whereof shall be settled and limited to the same Uses, and in the same Order and Course of Limitation, in like Manner, and under the like Re-flri#ions, as he, she, or they could or might have done in case such subsisting Leasehold and Copyhold Estates and Interest, had been granted by him, her, or them.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where, in any Contract for the Redemption of any Land Tax, an Option shall have been declared to consider the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies contracting for such Land Tax, on the same Footing as a Person not interested in the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments comprized in such Contract, by reason whereof the said Adanors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments remain chargeable to Land Tax, and the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, who shall have entered into such Contract, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, Assigns, or Successors, shall be desirous of exonerating the Manor*, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments comprized in such Contract from Land Tax, it shall be lawful for him, her, or them, at any Time within the Space of three Calendar Months after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred, to make Application for that Purpose to the Commissioners specially appointed for the Purposes of the said Acts, for the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City, Town, or Place, where such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be situate; and on every such Application, and on the Production of a Certificate of the Amount of Land Tax then charged on such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and of the Contract for the Redemption of such Land Tax, to the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for them, or any two or more of them, to contract with such Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, and Companies, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, Assigns, or Successors, for exonerating their said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments from Land Tax; and in every such Case where it shall Appear by such Certificate and Contract, that no Variation has taken place in the mean Time in the Amount of such Land 'Fax, to amend, or cause to be amended, any such Contrail, by ffriking out all such Parts thereof as relate to the Declaration of such Option therein, and to certify their having so done, under their respective Hands and Seals, on the Back of such Contract; which Contract, with such Iiuiorfement, being afterwards registered in the Manner and within the Time directed by the said Acis, in Cases of entering into Contracts, the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments comprized therein, shall be wholly exonerated from Land Tax from the said twenty-fifth Day of March ane thousand eight hundred; and in every such Case where it shall appear by such Certificate of the Amount of Land Tax, and Contract for Redemption thereof respectively, that the Amount ( f Land'Faxthen charged upon the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments compuzed therein, is either more or iefs than the Amount of Land 'Fax redeemed in such Contract, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners, or any two of them, to rescind such Centra#, and to enter into a new Contract for the Redemption of the Land Tax which shall be then charged upon the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to take place from the twenty-fifeh Day of March one thousand eight hundred, without any Declaration of an Option being inserted therein; and on the Back of such new Contract to insert a true Copy of any Receipt or Receipts indorsed on the original Contract, purporting to be given by any Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England* or by any Receiver or Receivers General of Land Tax, for the Consideration, or any Pait thereof, to be paid or transferred, and actually pai3 and transferred on such original Contract; provided that no such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be exonerated in any Case where any such Laird Taxlhuiihuvc been cncrcaful, ualcfs the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, so ap-

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 30, 31.

plying as aforesaid, shall contract to transfer, and shall, at the Time to be mentioned in such Contract, accordingly transfer, at the Bank of England, so much three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, or pay to the Receiver General of the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town, or Place, where the same shall be situate, so much Money as the Case may require, in addition to the Amount of Money that shall have been already paid, or of Stock already transferred in relpe# of such Land Tax, as shall be necessary to redeem the Whole of the Land Tax contracted for in and by such new Contract: Provided also, That in every such Case where the Land 'Lax contracted for as aforesaid shall have been in the mean Time decreased, and a new Contract (h?dl be entered into for the Redemption of the Land Tax then charged as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, the Commissioners who shall enter into such last mentioned Contract shall certify, in Writing, signed by two or more of them to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, the several Amounts of the Stock, or Money contracted, to be transferred or paid by, and actually transferred or paid in pursuance of the origin:*) and new Contracts respectively, and it shall thereupon be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes to order and direct the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Receiver or Receivers General of Land Tax of the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City, or Place, where such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments shall be situate respectively, in Cases where more or a greater Consideration has been transferred or paid on the original Contract than the Confutation inserted in the new Contract, to repay all such Monies to the Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, who shall appear to be entitled unto the same, as shall be due and payable in respect of such Difference in the Considerations of Land Tax, if such Monies shall not have been vested in Stock, and in Cases where such Stock hath been purchased and placed in the Name of the Commissioners for the Redu#on of the National Debt, then upon a Certificate, signed by any three or more of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, of the Amount of Stock: transferred upon the original Contract, and the Amount required to be transferred upon the new Contract, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Re-du#ion of the National Debt, or any one or more of them, and he and they is and are hereby required to transfer the Difference between such Amounts of Stock so certified, to the Person or Persons, Bodies Corporate or Companies, entitled unto the same; which new Contracts being registered in the Manner and within the Time directed by the said Acts, the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments comprized therein, shall be wholly exonerated from Land Tax from the said twenty*fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That any Deed or Deeds required by the said Acts, or any of them,' shall be valid and effectual, although the same shall not have been inrolled or registered within six Calendar Months from the Time of the Execution thereof, provided the same shall be inrolled or registered within six Months after the passing of this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and singular the Provisions in this Act shall, in the Execution-iof the above mentioned Acts, be used, applied, and continued, as if the same Provisions were specifically enacted in the said Acts; and all and every the Provisions of the said Acts in the Execution of this Act (except where the same are hereby expressly varied) shall be used, extended and construed, in like Manner as if the same Provisions (except as aforesaid) were specially enacted in this Act.

3°?;

been crscreafld, uni; is the Party (h ill contratt to transfer so much additional Tin coper Cents, or pay to the Receiver General of the Place-such additional Suins as shall be necessary $ ami where the Land Tax has been decreased, and a new Cor.tr a dfc fli ill be entered into, tin- Commissioners shall certify the Amount of the Stock transferred, or Money paid, to the Commissioners for the A flairs of Taxes, who shall order the Difference to be settled.

Deeds shall be valid if inrolled within fix Month?-after Y parting this Act This AdV, and recited Acts, to be conllrued together as one

---

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred, together with those named in two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax.

[24th April 1800.]

[See c. 63. for extending the Power of these Commissioners.]

---

WHEREAS it is necessary to appoint additional Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a Duty on Pen- 39 Geo. 3. ScflV

for,s. Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and c. 3.

certain Duties on Sugar, Alalt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred,

together with those named in two Acts made, one in the thirty-seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliaments 37 Geo. 3. c. 35.

intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Alaje/iy by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven and the other in the thirty-eighth Year of his Maj city’s Reign, intituled, An Act for rest fang Alijlakcs in the Names of Jlvcral of the Commissioners 38 Geo. 3. c. s6.

appointed by an Act, made in the laf Session f Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain,

for the Service of the Year cue thousand seven hundred and ninety seven \y and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the frft mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain,./^ the Ser- vice of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and for indemnifying such Persons as ha-V4 4 acted as Commissioners for executing the Jdid Act, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the,) ear one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven f May it

Persons herein named, and ad* ded to the for--mer Commissioners,*lhdl put the recited Act of 39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 3. m execution.

J4 Geo. j. c. 31.

Persons inrolled and terving in any Volunteer Corps, indemnified for using Hair Powdey without a Certificate, until April 5, 1800,

accept where Judgment shall Oave been given before March 1, a fc>o.

After April 5, i8co, such Person* shall not be chareed with the Duty if the Corps to which they belong be within the Pror vihona of 39 ,

Geo. 3. c 35, and if they comp’y wuh the Regulations therein required to entitle itum

308 C. 31, 32; Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several and respective Persons herein after named shall and may, and are nereby empowered to put in Execution the fakl recited Act passed in this Session of Parliament, and a!! the Clauses, Powers, Matters, and Things whatsoever therein contained, as Commissioners, in and for the fever a) and respective Counties and Places of Great Britain herein after severally and respectively mentioned and expressed, as if they had been named with the other Commissioners in the said Acts; the f.tid Persons being nevertheless subject and liable to such and the same Qualifications, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are in the said Land Tax Act of the thirty eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty appointed and required with respect to the Commissioners therein named.

---

[Then follows the List of Names]

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for indemnifying Persons serving in Volunteer Corps, who have omitted to take out Certificates for wearing Hair Powder; and to amend so much of an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duly on Certificates issued for using Hair Powder, as relates to the exempting Persons serving in Volunteer Corps, and certain Officers in his Majesty's Navy serving on the Establishment of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, from the said Duty; and for obliging Persons claiming to be exempt from the Duties on Horses provided and furnished for Volunteer Corps to deliver Certificates thereof to the proper Officers.

[24th April 1800.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

[35 Geo. 3. c. 49.]

intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued for using Hair Powder; it was amongst other Things enacted, That nothing in the said Act contained should extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the Duty thereby imposed any Officer or Private Man in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, either Cavalry or Infantry, raised by virtue of an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign,

---

[

intituled, An Act for encouraging and disciplining such Corps or Companies of Men, as shall voluntarily inroll themselves for the Defence of their Counties, Towns, or Coafisr or for the General Defines of the Kingdom, during the present War: And whereas Doubts have arisen on 1 the said first recited Act with respect to many Officers and Private Men in such Corps as to such Exemption: And whereas many*Officers and Private Men in such Corps using Hair Powder, have, through Ignorance, and conceiving themselves to be exempt from the said Duty, omitted to make such EntneS1 4 and obtain such Certificates as are required by the said first recited Act, whereby they are or may become liable to the Penalty contained therein j for Remedy whereof, May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person inrolled and serving in any Volunteer Corps, or in any Corps or Body of Men associated for the Defence of any City, Town, or Place, and for maintaining

Publick Tranquillity and good Order within the same, whether of Cavalry or Infantry, and using Hair Powder, who shall have omitted to obtain a Certificate for that Purpose, as required by the said recited Act of the thirty fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, shall be, and is hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reason of having used or worn Hair Powder, or for or by reason of wearing or using Hair Powder, until and upon the filth Day of April one thousand eight hundred, without having obtained a Certificate for that Purpose, in pursuance of and according to the Directions of the said first-recited Act.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to indemnify any Person against whom any final Judgment or Sentence shall have been given in any Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, or by any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, before the first Day of March one thousand eight hundred, for any Penalty or Forfeiture for any such Omission or Neglectas aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred, nothing in the said recited Act of the thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the Duty thereby imposed, any Person inrolled or to be inrolled, and actually serving in any Volunteer Corps, or in any Corps or Body of Men associated for the Defence of any City, Town, or Place, and for maintaining Publick Tranquillity and good Order within the same, whether of Infantry or Cavalry, which now are or shall hereafter be raffed; provided that such Corps or Body of Men shall be within the Provisions of an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for exempting, during the present War, Persons serving in Volunteer Corps and Associations from being balloted for the Militia, under certain Conditions; and that the Commanding Officer of such Corps or Body of Men, and the Person claiming to be discharged of and from the said Duty upon Hair Powder Certificates in pursuance of this Act, shall have respectively complied with and conformed to the several Provisions and Regulations contained in the said Act of the

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 32. 309

thirty-ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign aforesaid, and by the said Act required, to entitle any person therein mentioned to be exempt from being liable to serve personally, or to provide a Substitute in any Militia.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person claiming to be exempt by virtue of this Act, of and from the said Duty upon Hair Powder Certificates, shall, in lieu and instead of delivering, or causing to be delivered, an Account of his Name and Place of Abode in the Manner required by the said Act of the thirty-fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign, deliver or cause to be delivered a Certificate in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (A), in like Manner in every Respect as is required with respect to the making of the Entries required to be made in pursuance of the said Act; and the proper Officer appointed to Issue Certificates under the said last recited Act shall thereupon issue a Receipt for such Certificate mads out in the Name of stich Officer, which Receipt shall be in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (B).

V. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether Officers holding Commissions !n his Majesty's Navy under the Rank of Commander, employed on the Establishment of the Royal Hospital at Greemuich, are exempt from the Duty granted by the said recited Act :* Be it therefore enacted, That nothing in the said Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the Duty by the said recited Act imposed, any Officer holding a Commission in his Majesty's Navy under the Rank of Commander, who shall be employed on the Establishment of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred, every Person serving in any Volunteer Corps of Cavalry, and who shall use any Horse, Mare, or Gelding for such Service, and every Person furnishing any Horse, Mare, or Gelding* for any Persons serving in any such Corps as aforesaid, who shall respectively claim to be exempt from the Payment of the Duties granted by an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act

Jor repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Hoifes, Mules, and Dogs, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof, in respect of any such Horie, shall, between the fifth Day of April and the thirtieth Day of May in every Year, deliver or cause to be delivered by every Person for whom any such Horse shall be furnifced as aforesaid, a Certificate in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (A), at one of the respective Offices in the said last recited Act mentioned, or to the Surveyor, Inspector, or other Person appointed by the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes to receive Lists under the said recited Act as the same may require; and every such Person, upon the Delivery of such Certificate, shall be entitled to receive, and shall receive from the Surveyor, Inspector, or other Person aforesaid, to whom such Certificate shall be delivered in pursuance of this Act, a Receipt in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (B); and every person claiming to be exempt from the said Duty shall be charged and chargeable to the Duties by the said recited Act granted for every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, so used or furnished as aforesaid, in respect whereof such Certificate as aforesaid shall not have been delivered pursuant to the Provisions of this Act; any Thing in any Act so the Contrary thereof notwithstanding.

SCHEDULE.

(A.)

FORM OF CERTIFICATE.

T Commanding Officer of the do hereby certify, in pursuance of an Act passed in the fortieth Year ofihe Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act [here fetforth ' the Title of this Act,] That the Muster Rolls, Certificates, and Returns, of the said Corps (or Association) required by an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for exemptingr, during the present War, Persons serving in Volunteer Corps and Associatidm from being ballotted for the Mi~ litia, under certain Conditions, have been duly delivered and returned according to the Regulations of the said Act; and that the said Corps (or Association) hath, in the Course of the three Months immediately preceding the Date hereof, been inspected by General (or Field) Officer in his

i Majesty's Service, [or hath not been inspected by any General (or Field) Officer, but is ready and willing to be inspected,] and that A.B. is inrolled and serving in the said Corps, (or Association,) and hath, since the Date of his Inrollment, duly attended at the Exercise of the said Corps, (or Association,) unless prevented by Sickness, or by such other sufficient Reason as hath been duly allowed by me, or by the Commanding Officer of the said Corps, (or Association,) for the Time being.

(Signed);

v Commanding Officer.

Dated the Day of

FORM

3io C. 32 - 34. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

(B.)

FORM OF RECEIPT.

No.

t do hereby certify. That hath this Day delivered at

a Certificate from the Commanding Officer of the Corps (or Association) of for the Purpose of exempting him the said from the Payment of the said Duty on Hair

Powder Certificates, ($r, on Horses, Mares, or Geldings, provided or furniPncd by him for the said Corps, as the Case may be,) pursuant to the Directions of an Act passed in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majeelty, intituled, an Act [here insert the Title of this Act],

(Signed)

Description whether Officer ef 7 Stamps or Afjeffed Taxes. }

Dated the Day of

---

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred; and to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance Cash or Bullion, to be remitted abroad on Account of Foreign Subsidies or Services abroad.

[1st May 1800.]

---

"The Treasury may issue Exchequer Bills to the Amount of Seven Millions (as under the Malt Act of this Session, Cap. 2.) to be payable out of the Supplies for 1800, at any Time on 14 Days Notice 4C in the Gazette, &c. 1. But Treasury not to issue under this Act Exchequer Bills on the Credit of " Cap. 2. and 3. of this Session, or on any Aids that may be granted next Session. §2. Exchequer Bills 4C shall bear an Interest not exceeding 3 d. 2 q, per Cent, per Diem, &c. $ 3. Exchequer Bills lo issued " not to be received in Payment of the Revenue; nor at the Exchequer, except to be cancelled in due u Course. §4. The Clauses of the Malt Act extended to this Act. §5. Bank of England may lend €t 3,000,000l. on the Credit of this Act. §6."

---

[Bank may advance for the Publick Service, or Bullion, any Sum granted this Session for Foreign Subsidies.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to advance for the Publick Service, in Cash or Bullion, any such Sum to be remitted abroad, as they shall judge expedient, from Time to Time, not exceeding in the Whole the Amount which has been or shall be granted in this Session of Parliament on account of Foreign Subsidies or Services abroad; any Thing in any Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to permit the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in America, belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in neutral Ships, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and one.

[1st May 1800.]

---

WHEREAS by the Laws now in force no Goods or Commodities whatsoever, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of America, can (except in certain cases) be imported into this Kingdom, but in British-b\i\\t Ships, owned and navigated according to Law: And whereas it is expedient \ 4 under the present Circumstances, to permit certain Goods and Commodities to be imported, under Restri&ions, in Foreign Ships belonging to Subjects of States in Amity with his Majesty Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majestyby and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, His Majesty may That, from after the passing of this Act, and until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight grant Licence to hundred and one, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Couii-«ny British Sub- cj)^ lo grant Licence to any British Subject or Subjects to import into this Kingdom* for his or ccLcL(not*0ro- $heir own Account, or for Account of a Subject or Subjects of any State in Amity with his Majesty, from hi bit c d) trom any Country in America belonging to any foreign European Sovereign or State, any Goods or Com-Countiies in modifies of the Growth or Produce, whether manufactured or otherwise, of any such Country, not America, be- prohibited to be used or consumed in this Kingdom, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any State in Amity lonpi^to any with his Majesty, and under such Rules, Regulations, Reductions, and Securities, as his Majesty, with the pran^Soverdgn Advice of his Privy Council, shall approve, and subject to the same Duties as such Goods and Commote State, in ncu- Hi ties would be subject to if imported in any British-built Ship or Vessel, and to the same Rules, Regulations, trai Ships, on Rt ilrictions, and Securities, Penalties and Forfeitures, respecting the Payment of the same; any Law, Cuf-p »yment of the t0m, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Lime [Julies as ^imported in British Ships*

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III‘ C. 34, 35. 311

II. Provided always, That all Sugar and Coffee imported in ptirfuance of this Art shall be warehoused immediately on Importation, and shall not be taken out of Warehouse to be used or contained in this Kingdom, but only for Exportation to foreign Parts.

III. Provided always, That no such Licence shall be granted to any Person or Persons who shall not have exported, or given such Security as shall be required for exporting from this Kingdom according to Law, to the Poftafllons in America belong!ng to the same European Sovereign or State, any Goods or Commodities, bearing such Proportion in Value to the Goods lb to be imported, as his Majesty, by and with the Advice aforesaid, shall think reatonabie, and shall direct.

Sugar and Coffee to be vvarc-housed immediately on Impoi t-ation, See.

No Licence to be granted to any Person who shall rot have exportedGoQdf, to such Coun-

tries, bearing such Proportion in Value to the Goods to be imported as his Majesty shall direct, &c.

Benefit of the Licence,

---

IV. Provided always, That if any Question shall arise in any Case, Whether any Thing which shall be Proof, in case of done, was authorised to be done by virtue of any such Licence, the Proof that such Thing was done under the Circumstances, and according to the Terms and Conditions in such Licence to be expressed, shall lie on the Person or Persons respectively claiming the Benefit of such Licence.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for granting a Bounty on the Importation of Oats, until the first Day of October one thousand eight hundred.

[1st May 1800.]

[See c. 29. for Bounties on Wheat, Flour, and Rice, and c. 53. on Rye.]

---

WHEREAS it is expedient that Encouragement should be given for a limited Time, to the Import^ c. 53. on Rjc]

ation of Oats into this Kingdom *May it therefore pi case your Majesty that it may be enacted;

and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Art, for Oats imported or brought into this Kingdom in A Bounty

TiriVfa Ships or Vessels, or in Ships or Vessels belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with granted on Oats

his Majesty, however the same may be navigated, there shall be paid and allowed the following Bounty; imported before

(that is to lay), whenever the average Price of Oats, ascertained and published in the London Gazette, *Ij 1 °°‘

under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament, shall be less than forty Shillings per Quarter, there shall be paid and allowed on every Quarter of Oats, (each Winchester Bushel whereof shall weigh thirty- '

six Pounds Avoirdupois or upwards,) a Bounty equal to the Difference between such average Price and

forty Shillings per Quarter, and which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain before the first Day

of October one thousand eight hundred, from any Port of Europe, or any Port in the Mediterranean, or in

Africa, or from any of his Majesty's Colonies in America, or the United States.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Bounty shall be under the Management of the Commis- Bounty to be sioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, and shall be paid out of any Monies under lht Main their Hands, arising by any of the Duties or Revenues under their Management respectively, to the re- cemn^rnoners0 Ypective Importers or Consignets of such Oats: Provided always, That a due Entry shall be made with 0iXuttoms.Cr* the proper Officers of the Customs, at the Port into which the same shall be imported; Provided En, t. ,)e* also, That the Collector or other proper Officer of the Customs of the Port where such Oats shall be im- made at tht Port ported, do receive full and satisfactory Proof, that the said Oats, for which the Bounty herein allowed is of importation, ,claimed, 2re wholly and entirely without Mixture of any other Corn or Grain, or of Grain the Growth of and F,oof $iven any other Country than in respect whereof the said Bounty is claimed, and that in Default thereof, the Laid u,at.thff°M5 Bounties shall not nor shall any of them be allowed or paid. t Mixture.'°m

III.Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Bounty granted by this Art shall not be paid, allowed, No Bounty to be or received, unless the Oats shall be imported or brought respectively into some one or other of hE Majesty's a]lovvcd u»kfs Ports, (that is to say,) the Ports of London, Aberystwith, Ear rtf tuple, Beaumaris, Berwick Biddeford, Bcf pirteda\^er!»m" ton, Bridgewater, Bridport, Bn/lol, Cardiff, Cardigan, Carl'jte, Carnarvon, Chtjier, Chichi fler, Colchester, tain’Waces.

Cowes, Dartmouth, Dover, Exeter, Falmouth, Fowcy, HartvLh, Hull, Ipfzcich, Lancaster, Liverpool, Lyme,

Lynn, Malden, Milford, Newcastle, Newhaven, Penzance, Plymouth, Pccle, Voi tsmouth, Pre/iou, Roche/}erf Sandwich, Scarborough, Sher chain, Southampton, Stockton, Sunderland, Sica rjea, I Veils, Weymouth, Whitehaven. Whitby> Wifocach, Yarmouth; Aberdeen, Ayr, Alloa, Borrowstoness, Campbeltown, Dun frits, Dunbar,

Port Dundas, Dundee, Grangemouth, G’ajgow, including Pert Glasgow, Greenock, Kirkcaldy, Kirkcudbright,

Leith, Lerwick, AJontrofe, Perth, and Wig ton.

IV. And be it further enacted, That before any of the said Oats, imported or brought into this Kingdom Oats Imported, for Bounty under toe Regulations of this Act, shall be delivered out of the Charge of the proper Officer or toleinfpe£Ud Officers of the Customs of the Port where the tame shall be reflectively so imported or brought, such Oats lhc ^fficers shall be carefully and attentively inserted or examined by such Officer or Officers of the Customs as the a^wo ftdful Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively shall thii k fit to direct for that Duty, ptrlor#s vv|j0 and two indifferent and disinterested Persons experienced in the Nature of the Article to beta inspected or are to certiiy examined; which two indifferent and disinterested Persons shall be chosen by the principal Officers of the whether they Customs at such Port, or any two of them, u hereof the Collector for the Time being shall be one; which aK in to* said Officer or Officers of the Customs (o directed by the said Commiuoners of me Customs respectively, ir*akin^Mc; and the said two indifferent and disinterested Persons so chc-fcn 2s atordaid to inst;e£t and examine the said Oats, shall, upon having reviewed the same, certify and declare upon their corporal Oaths, first administered by the said principal Offirers, or any two of them, whereof the Collector shall be one, (who are

312 C. 35, 36. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III., A.D. 1800.

hereby authorised and required to administer the same,) whether the said Oats are or are not merchantable and fit for making Meal; and if the same shall appear by such Certificate merchantable and fit for making Meal, the Bounties respectively granted by this Act shall be paid and allowed thereon; but if the same shall appear by such Certificate not to be merchantable or fit for making Meal, no Bounty granted by this Act shall be paid or allowed thereon.

u Recompence to be made the Inspectors; 1 d. per Quarter. $ 5. Commissioners of Cfustoms may paf Ci Bounty on Oats imported before 0/7. 15, 1800, on Proof of the Vessels* having failed at such Times, that u they might in the ordinary Course of their Voyage have arrived before 0/7. 1 ft. j 6. Vessels arriving at a Port where the Bounty is not allowed, may fail to one where it is. §7.

[as under f 7, 8, 9. of cap. 29. u of this SejIionA Continuance of Act till 0/7. 15, 1800. §8. Act may be altered or repealed this Set u (ion. $ 9."

---

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to enable Courts of Equity to compel a Transfer of Stock in Suits, without making the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas or other Parts of America, Party thereto.

[1st May 1800.]

---

Any Court of Equity may order the Bank of England to suffer a Transfer of Stock to be made, or to pay Dividends belonging to or Handing in the Names of any Party to a a Suit, or ifflie an Injunction to n Hi am such iTransfer or Payment, although the Bank be not a Party, &c. On Request of the Clerk in Court and Solicitor of the Party, the Bank ih. ii deliver a Certificate Hating the Amount of such Stock or Dividends, &c. for which the Fee5. herein spe-cin.vi shall be paid.

Act not to extend to any further Discovery than herein mentioned; nor to an/ I 3fc where the Bank claim an Intc-tt.fi in the F und: and the

WHEREAS great Expence arises in Suits in Courts of Equity, from the Practice of making the

Governor and Company of the Bank of England Parties thereto, for the mere Purpose of compelling or authorising the said Corporation to suffer any Transfer of Stock (landing in their Books to be made which Justice may require :’ Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty. by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for any of his Maj esty's Courts of Equity, before or upon hearing any Cause depending the rein, to order the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to suffer a Transfer of Stock (landing in their Books to be made, or to pay any accrued or accruing Dividends thereon, belonging to or (landing in the Names of any Party to a Suit, as such Courts may deem just; or to issue an Injunction to restrain them from suffering any Transfer of such Stock, or from paying any Dividends or Interest accruing or accrued thereon, although such Governor and Company are not Parties to the Suit in which such Decree or Order shall be made; such Courts being satisfied by the Certificate of the Accountant of the said Corporation, duly signed by him as herein after is directed, that the Stock required to be transferred is (landing in their Books in the Name of the Persons or Person required to transfer the same, or of the Persons or Person to whom they or he are or is the legal Representative; and that after due Service of a short Order upon the said Governor and Company, or their proper Officer, which shall contain no Recital of their Pleadings, or other Matter than the Title of the Cause, and the ordering Part of such Decree or Order which respects the said Governor and Company, and for which the Sum of eighteen Shillings, and no more, shall be paid, like Process shall issue to enforce such Order or Decree as to enforce them against any Party to a Suit depending in such Court.

II. And for the better enabling any Party to a Suit to obtain and produce such Certificate in Court,’ be it enacted, That upon Request in Writing signed by the Clerk in Court (or other Officer answering the reto) and the Solicitor concerned in the Cause for the Party applying, which shall (late the Cause, and for what Parties they are concerned, the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the said Clerk in Court or other Officer and Solicitor, or one of them, a Certificate signed by their Accountant, dating the Amount of such Stock or Dividends, and in whose Names or Name such Stock is (landing in their Books, and if it be particularly required (but not otherwise) when such Stock or any Part thereof was transferred, and by whom; for the signing of which Request in Writing, there shall be pa d to such Clerk in Court, or other Officer, a Fee of six Shillings and eight Pence, and no more, and to such Solicitor, for the drawing, copying, and delivering at the Bank a Fee of thirteen Shillings and four Pence, and no more, and to the Officer making and delivering such Certificate, a Fee of Two Shillings and sixpence, and no more: Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall extend to any Case where any further Discovery is wanted than what is herein-before expressly mentioned, nor to any Case where the said Governor and Company claim any Interest in or Lien upon the said fund, but that in such Cases it shall be necessary to make them a Party to such Suit as if this Act had never been made; and that if any Special Matter shall arise, which, in the Opinion of the said Governor and Company, shall a fifed their Interests, or wh/ch might be objected against suffering such Transfer of Stock or Payment of Dividends, it shall be lawful for them to state such Matter to the Court by Motion or Petition in such Suit, and that Execution of Process to compel such Transfer or Payment, shall be suspended until final Order shall be made thereon.

link may it ate thr ir Objections to any Transfer by Motion or Petition.

In Suits now c'epenrkrip; where the Boric favcputmthen

III. And be it further enacted, That in all Suits now depending, in which the said Governor and Company may have put in their Answer. not claiming any Interest in or Lien upon the Stock required to be transferred, no further Proceeding shall be had against them.as a Party tl such Suits, but that the Bill shall

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 36 - 39. 313

stand difrnifTed as against them in such Suits; and that in all such Suits an Order may be made, -upon Mo- Answer, not tion or Petition as of course, for the taxing of their Costs already incurred, and for immediate Payment thereof by the Plaintiffs in any such Suits, or any of them, fuhjed't however to any further Order as be- Stock requited tween the other Parties to such Suits, respc*3ing the final Payment of such Colts, as by the Court-in which to be transter. any Suit may be depending Hull be deemed jult. rcd,p»o:ccd.

, ings shall l.e

stopped and the Dili difm.fled, &c.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the several Regulations and Provisions herein-before enacted, The Pro virions shall extend^mutatis mutandis, to every Case where the United Company of Merchants of England trading shall

to the East Indies, or the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South dfa Com-

Seas or other Parts of America^ have any Stock (landing in the Books of such respective Corporations, panyand the which may now be or hereafter may become the Subject of any Suit in Equity, or incidental thereto; saving bouthSta Com-to the said Corporations respectively the like Right of being made a Party, or applying by Motion or Pe- K-ny, where tition, in such Suits as is before reserved or given to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England. tJie>r,'avc S:,od:

, u r J c‘ (landing in tin u*

Bocks, which may become the Subject of a Suit in Equity.

---

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred.

[16th May 1800.]

CAP. XXXVIII.

An for repealing so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for permitting certain Goods imported from the East Indies to be warehoused, and for repealing the Duties now payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof; as relates to Saltpetre.

[16th May 1800.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament,

[39 Geo. 3. c. 59.]

---

intituled, An Act for permitting certain Goods imported from the East Indies to be warehoused, and for repealing the Duties now f payable thereony and granting other Duties indieu thereof Provision is made for Warehousing any Goods, c Wares, or Merchandizes, except Tea, Cotton, Wool, Nutmegs, Mace, Cloves, and Cinnamon, and Bullion, Diamonds, and other precious Stones, upon Importation and Landing thereof, by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, in Manner therein mentioned, and upon Payment of the new and additional Duties of Customs in the said Act mentioned: And whereas it is expedient that Saltpetre should be exempted from the Operation of the said recited Act, and from the Duty thereby imposed thereon p be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and -with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, so far as it relates to Recited Act, so Saltpetre, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed 5 and that the Duty thereby imposed on Saltpetre shall far cease and determine; and that, from and after the passing of this Act, all Saltpetre, which shall remain, or be unfold, in the Warehouses of the said United Company, and all Saltpetre hereafter imported by the said fucVSaltpetre United Company, shall be subject and liable to the same Rules, Regulations, and Provisions, and charged as remains in the and chargeable with the same Duties as were in force immediately before the passing of the said recited Act; East India Com. ihc said Act, or any Thing therein contained, to the contrary thereof, in any wise notwithstanding. Ynd a'l

hereafter imported shall be charged with the Duties payable previous to re ittd Act,

II. And be it further enacted, That immediately after the passing of this Act, the Duty or Duties which Duty on Sa!t-before the passing of the said recited Act would have been payable on any Saltpetre which shall remain, or P:t7

unfold, in the Warehouses of the said United Company, on the Importation, shall be paid or tecured by "or leaned the said United Company, in like Manner as if the same Saltpetre had been then imported by them. as if then imported.

---

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[16th May 1800.]

---

Mutiny Act (c. 27. of this Session) recited. Non commissioned Officers and Soldiers, to allow 1 s. \d.per Diem for Diet and Small Beer in Quarters in England; §1. and for Articles which have been furnished gratis in lieu thereof, one Halfpenny per Diem to be allowed. §2. For Horses quartered, is. zd- for Diem to be paid for Hay and Straw. §3. So much of recited Act as relates to furnishing with Diet Non-4‘ commissioned Officers and Soldiers on a March, or recruiting, repealed. §4. Regulation with relpc3 44 to dieting Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers on their March. $5.

[Exactly as under §4, 5, <2/*

44 38 Geo. 3. c. 32.]"

VI. Provided always, That if any Victualler, or other Person liable by the said recited Ap, to have reruns paying Soldiers billeted or quartered on him or her, shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Non-com.nil- Mo^-y to \M-39 & 40 Geo. III. S f honed n-urm:a u;"

314 C. 39,40. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

cers or Soldiers on a March in lieu of furnishing Diet and Small Beer, liable to be fined.

fioned Officer or Soldier on the March, in lieu of furnishing in Kind the Diet and Small Beer to which such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier is entitled under the said Act, every such Victualler or other Person may be proceeded against and fined, in like Manner as if he or she had refused to furnish or allow according to the Directions of the said recited Act, the several Things respectively directed to be furnished to Non-commissioned Officers or Soldiers so quartered or billeted on him or her as aforesaid.

When halted on a March, Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers entitled to Diet and Small Beer as after arriving at their Destination*. §7. And if such Halting be only for a Day after Arrival, and that be 44 a Market Day, their Diet and Small Beer not to be discontinued. §8. Regulations resetting Recruiting Parties, and Recruits on their March. §9.

[Exactly as under §6,7, and 8. of 38 Geo. 3.

3*]"

X. Provided always, and-be it further enacted, That the Rates of Subsistence directed to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on quartering Soldiers by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, shall be payable until the Commencement of this Adlf -

Rates of Subsistence payable by c. 36. of last Session, to be payable until Commencement of this Act.

So much of the recited Act as dire ft s that, after Jan. 1, 1798, the *u.ns to re afllITed on any Place should not

---

[Continuance of Act; from the passing thereof till March 25, 1801.]

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place from the Day of the passing thereof, and be in force until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one; and that this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XL.

An Act to enlarge the Powers of the Directors and Guardians of the Poor within the several Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, in that Part of Great Britain called England, incorporated by divers Acts of Parliament, for the Purpose of the better Maintenance and Employment of the Poor, as to the Assessments to be made upon the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places therein mentioned, until the first Day of January one thou-thousand eight hundred and two.

[16th May 1800.]

'WHEREAS by an Act made in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

[36 Geo. 3. c. 10.]

---

intituled, An Act for the Better Relief of the Poor within the several Hundreds, Towns, and Districts in that

Part of Great Britain called England, incorporated by divers Acts of Parliament for the Purpose of the better Maintenance and Employment of the Poor and for enlarging the Power of the Guardians of the Poor, within the said several Hundreds, Towns, and Districts, as to toe Assessments to be made upon the feve- ral Parishes, Hamlets, and Places within their respective Hundreds, Towns y and Districts, for the Support and Maintenance of the Poor, Powers were given to the Directors and acting Guardians of the Poor, in-

corporated by Acts of Parliament, in certain cases, to make such Assessments as might be necessary forth? 4 Support and Maintenance of the Poor, notwithstanding the y might exceed the Assessments limited by the respective Acts; and it was by the said recited Act provided that, from and after the first Day of Ja- nuary one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the Sums to be assessed by virtue thereof on any Parish, Hamlet, or Place, should never exceed, in any one Year, the Amount of double the Sum at that Time raised by virtue of any incorporating Act then existing: And whereas, on account of the Scarcity of Corn, in consequence of the late unfavourable Harvdt,.and the advanced Price of almost every necessary Article of Subsistence or Utility, the Amount of the Rates and Assessments, so limited by the said re- cited Act to be collected, are become inefficient for the necessary Relief and Maintenance of such Poor, who have of late very much increased in Number and it is expedient that so much of the said recited Act asdiredls such Limitation should be repealed,* be it therefore enacted by the Kingrs most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing oftnis Act, so much of the said recited Act as directs that, from and after the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the Sums to be assessed on any Parish, Hamlet, or Place, should never exceed, in any one Year, the Amount of double the Sum at that Time raised by virtue of any incorporating Adl then existing, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

exceed the Amount of double the Sum at that Time raised, shall be repealed.

In (lead of t^e Assessments directed to be made under recited Act, according to an average Price of Wheat, the Di restor> and Guardians of the Poor may nuke those Af-

II. And whereas by the said recited Act, the Directors and acting Guardians of the Poor, incorporated by Acts of Parliament as therein mentioned, were empowered, at any of their Annual, Quarterly, or other General Meeting?, to make the said Assessments under the Limitation in the said Act mentioned, whenever the average Price of Wheat, at the Corn Market in Mark Lane, London, for the Quarter immediately pre- ceding such Annual, Quarterly, or other General Meeting, should have exceeded the Average Price of Wheat at the said Market, during those Years from which the average Amount of the Poors’ Rates was taken upon the passing of the several incorporating Acts respectively: And whereas it is proper that so much of the said recited Act as regulates the Average Price of Wheat in the Manner before mentioned should be repe lied, and other Provisions made for that Purpose,’ be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Directors and acting Guardians of the Poor incorporated as aforesaid, shall

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 40, 41. 315

be empowered to make the said Assessments, whenever the average Price of Wheat at the Corn Market in fcjTm-nt*

Mark Lane, London^all exceed'three Pounds per Quarter j any Thing in the said recited Act to the con- p^ceo^ Wheat trary notwithstanding. 1 at Mark Lane

shall exceed 3l. per Quarter.

---

[Continuance of Act, Jan. 1, 1802.]

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in force until the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and two, and no longer.

CAP. XLI.

An Act for explaining and amending federal Acts made in the thirty-second Year of King Henry the Eighth, and the first, thirteenth, and fourteenth Years of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as respects Leases granted by Archbishops, Bishops, Matters and Fellows of Colleges, Deans and Chapters of Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, Matters and Guardians of Hospitals, and others having any Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Living or Promotion.

[16th May 1800.]

---

WHEREAS Doubts have arisen whether Archbishops, Bishops, Masters and Fellows of Colleges, Deans and Chapters of Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, Masters and Guardians of Hospitals,

and others having any Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Living or Promotion, who are by several Acts, passed in the Reigns of their late Majesties King Henry the Eighth and Queen Elizabeth, restrained from granting any Leases of their Estates whereon the accustomed yearly Rent is not reserved, can lawfully grant separate Leases of Parts of Lands or Tenements which have been usually demised by one Lease and under one Rent, rettrvingon the several Parts so demised less than the Rent anciently reserved on the Demise of the Whole, though the Aggregate Amount of the Rents so reserved on such separate Demises should be equal to or exceed the Amount of the annual accustomed Rent for the Whole: And whereas many such separate Leases have been granted, and great Inconvenience may arise to Persons claiming under such Leases,' if such Leases should not be deemed valid and effectual, in case the Amount of the Rent anciently reserved on Demises of the Whole shall appear to have been reserved on the separate Demises of the different Parts; and the Power of dividing Tenements, anciently so demised, in one Parcel atone Rent,

may in many Cases tend to improve the Value of the Estates belonging to such Ecclesiastical Persons and Bodies respectively, as well as to the Benefit of their Lessees and the Publick May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Cases where any Honours, Cadies, Ma- Where any Part nors, Messuages, Lands, Tythes, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, being Parcel of the Possessions of of the Poflef-any Archbishop, Bishop, Matter and Fellows, Dean and Chapter, Matter or Guardian of any Hospital, ^on?.°Lany or any other Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, having any Spiritual or Ecclesi* &corPcrfbn astical Living or Promotion, and having been anciently or accustomably demised by one Lease under haring any Ec* one Rent, or divers Rents issuing out of the Whole, now are or shall hereafter be demised by several clefiastical Liv-Leases to one or several Persons under an apportioned or several Rents, or where a jiart only of such ing, shall be de-Honours, Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tythes, Tenements, or other Hereditaments as last mentioned, mjfed by several are or shall be demised by a separate Lease or Leases, under a less Rent or less Rents than was or were ac- was formerly customably reserved for the Whole by such former Lease, and the Residue thereof is or shall be retained iri demised by one, the Possession or Occupation of the Lcftbr or Lessors, the several and distinct Rents reserved on the fepa- or where a Part rate Demises of the several specifick Parts thereof comprised in and demised by such several Leases, shall be. shall be demised deemed and taken to be the ancient and accustomed Rents for such specifick Parts respectively, within the for lhc

Intent and Meaning of an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Henry andu* Residua the Eighth, intituled, Lejje.es to enjoy the Farm against the Tenants in Tail\ and of an Act passed in the shall be retained first Year of the Reign ofner late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act giving Authority to the ^een*s in the Possession Majesty, upon the Avoidance of any Archbishop or Bishop, to take into her Hands certain of the Temporal Pcf- of th* Lessor» sessions thereof recompensing the same with Parjo>iages impropriate, and Tythes; and of another Act, patted reserved

in the thirteenth Year of the same Queen, intituled, Fraudulent Deeds made by Spiritual Persons, to defeat on the separate their Successors of Remedy for Dilapidations, frail be void, &c. and of another Act passed in the fourteenth Demises of the Year of the Reign of the same Queen, intituled, An Act for tbd Continuation, Explanation, perfe fling, and specifick Pans

enlarging of divers Statutes. fhai11

6 6 to betheancient

Rents within the Meaning of 3* Hen. 8. fc. z8. x Ellz. c. 19. 13 Eliz. c. 10. and 14 I.liz. c. I*.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to confirm or render valid any Demise t made before the passing of this Act, unless the several Rents reserved upon the separate Demises of separate Parts of Tenements, theretofore accustomably demised under one entire Lease, shall be equal to or more than the Rent or Rents theretofore accustomably reserved on the entire Demise of the Whole, or in case the Whole should not be demised, but Part reserved in the Possession of the Lcflor or Lessors, unless the Rents reserved on the Parts demised should be so far equal to or more than the whole Amount of the ancient Rent or Rents, that the Part not demised should be sufficient to answer the Difference.

Demise made before pa fling this Act\ not valid, unless the Rents reserved be equal to or more than the Rems accus* tomably referred, Sc c.

316 C. 41. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

III. Provided also, Thai where the Whole of any such Honours, Castles, Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tythes, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, accustomably demised by one Lease,- shall be demised in Parts by several Leases, after the passing of this Act, the aggregate Amount of the several Rents which shall be reserved by such separate Leases, be not lei's than the old accustomed Rent or Rents theretofore reserved by such entire Lease; and that where a Part only shall be so demised by any such separate Lease, and the Residue shall be retained in the Possession of the Lessor or Lessors, the Rent or Rents to be reserved by such separate Lease or Leases, shall not be less in Proportion to the Fine or Fines to be received on granting such Lease or Leases* than the Rent or Rents accustomed to be reserved for the Whole of the said Premises, was in Proportion to the Fine received on granting the last entire Lease.

Where the Whole of such Premises shall in future he demised in Parts, the ag-grcgate Rents refer ved shall not he less than the old accustomed Rent, and so in

Proportion where a Part shall be retained in Pofllflion by the Lessor.

No greater Pro.

IV. Provided also, That no greater Proportion of the accustomed Rent be reserved by any separate Lease accustomed ^ere^Y confirmed or allowed to be granted, than the Part of the Premises thereby severally demised will rea-Rent shall he fonably bear and afford a competent Security for.

Rftrved by any separate Lease than the Part of the Premises demised will bear.

Where any specifick Thing Pull have been roferved by the Lessor, it may be charged on a ompetent Part of the Premises, ice.

No 7-case confirmed whereon no annual Rent

V. Provided also, That where any specifick Thing, incapable of Division or Apportionment shall have been reserved or made payable to the Lessor or Lessors, his or their Heirs or Successors, either by Way of Rent, or by any Covenant or Agreement contained in any such entire Lease, the same may be wholly reserved and made payable out of a competent Part of such Lands or Tenements demised by any such fevered Lease as aforesaid; and in case, in any Lease already granted, and intended hereby to be confirmed, any such Provision shall appear to have been made for the Payment and Delivery of any such Sum or Sums of Money, Stipends, Augmentations, or other Things as aforesaid, the same shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully made, in case the Lands and Tenements charged therewith shall be of a greater annual Value than the Payment or other Things so charged, exclusive of the Rent or other annual Payment reserved to the Lessor or Lessors.

VI. Provided further, that nothing herein contained shall extend to authorize or confirm any Lease whereon no annual Rent is or shall be reserved to the Lessor or Lessors, his or their Successors or Assigns.

lo the Lessor is reserved.

Not to authorize the Reftry-ation of any Rent on any such Lease made by any Master. Scc. of any College in the Universities, ice. in any other Manner than is

Where Payments have been reserved to Vicars, &c.

Other than the Lessors, Provision shall be Blade in Leases for the future Payment thereof out of Premises of three Times the annual Value, ex-dufive of the Rent.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not authorize the Reservation or Payment of any Rent or Rents upon any such several Lease made or to be made under Authority of this Act, by any Master, Provost, President, Warden, Dean, Governor, Rector,1 or Chief Ruler of any College, Cathedral Church, Hall or House of Learning, in the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, or by the Warden or other Head Officer of the Colleges of Winchester and Eton, inf any other Manner or Proportions than is required by an Act passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Elizabeth y intituled, An Act for the Maintenance of the Collegts in the Universitus, and a/Winchester and Eton.

required by 18 Eliz. c. 6.

VIII. Provided also, That where any such accustomably entire Leases as aforesaid shall have usually contained Covenants on the Part of the Lessee or Lessees for the Payment or Delivery, or shall have in any other Manner subjected or charged such Lessee or Lessees to or with the Payment or Delivery, of any Suoi or Sums of Money, Stipend, Augmentation, or other Thing, to or for the Use of any Vicar, Curate, Schoolmaster, or other Person or Persons, other than and besides the Lessor or Lessors, and his or their Heirs or Successors, all or any such Leases as shall hereafter be granted of the same Lands or Tenements in Severalty as aforesaid, shall and may lawfully provide for the future Payment and Delivery of such Sum or Sums of Money, Stipends, Augmentations, or other Things, by and out of any Par for Parts of the Lands or Tenements accustomably charged therewith, not being of less annual Value than three Times tire Amount of the Payment so to be charged thereon, exclusive of the Proportion of Rent or other annual Payments to be reserved to the Lessor or Lessors.

Not to confirm the Claim of any Vicar, &c. to fuel* Payment, where it depends only on

IX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend to establish or confirm the Claim of any Vicar, Curate, Schoolmaster, or other Person or Persons, to any such Sum or Sums, Salary, Stipend, or other Thing as aforesaid, the Payment and Continuance whereof shall depend only on the Will of the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, granting or renewing such Lease or Leaks respectively.

the Will of the Person granting or renewing the Lease.

Persons holding such Leases in Tiuft, or granting Under Leases of specifick Parts under Covenants of Renewal, may ftirrender than, that separate Lea lei may be

X. And be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons now bolding, or who shall hereafter hold, any such Lease or Leases as in this Act mentioned, shall or may hold the same, or any specifick Part of the Lands or Tenements thereby demised, in Trust for any other Person or Persons, or for any Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Avail have granted any Under Lease or Under Leases of any specifick Part or Parts of his, her, or their respective Holding?, and be under any Covenant or Engagement lor Renewal thereof, to any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, when and as often as his, her, or their own Lease or Leases shall be renewed, it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons as first mentioned, at any Time or Times after the passing of this Act, to surrender his, her, or th.ir Lease or Leases, in order that separate and distinct Leases may be granted by the original Lessor or Lessors

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 41 - 43.

of such specifick Parts of the same Premises as shall have been held in Trust, or subject to such Covenants or Engagements for Renewal as aforesaid, to the respective Under Leilas and Cestuique Trusts, upon fair and reasonable Terms, subject to an Apportionment of the accustomed Rent or Rents, and other Payments, according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act; and every such Surrender fomade, and the new Leases to be granted thereon, according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be good and effectual in Law and Equity, notwithstanding such Under Lessees and Cestuique Trusts, or any of them, shall or maybe Infants, issue unborn, Femes Covert, Persons absent from the Realm or otherwise incapacitated to act for themselves, provided that such new Leases respectively be for the Benefit of the several Persons entitled to the Benefit of such surrendered Lease or Leases respectively, and be expressly so declared in the Body of each such new Leases relbedhvely.

---

CAP. XLII.

An Act for the better Observance of Good Friday in certain Cases therein mentioned.

[16th May 1800.]

---

WHEREAS the Bank of England and Bankers in general are often under the Necessity of trans- acting Business on Good Friday, for the Purpose of receiving Money for Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes becoming payable on that Day, in consequence whereof many Persons are prevented

observing the same with due Solemnity; now, therefore, for the better Observance of Good Friday/ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That where Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes become due and payable on Good Friday\ the same shall, from and after the first Day of June next ensuing, be payable on the Day before Good Friday; and the Holder or Holders of such Bills of Exchange or Promissory Notes, may note and protest the same for Non-payment on the Day preceding Good Friday, in like Manner as if the same had fallen due and become payable on the Day preceding Good Friday; and such Noting: nd Protests shall have the same Effect and Operation at Law as it such Bills and roiw(Tory Notes had fallen due and become payable on the Day preceding Good Friday, in the same Manner as is usual in the Cases of Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes coming due on the Day before any Lord’s Day, commonly called Sunday^and before the Feast of the Nativity or Birth Day of our Lord, commonly called Christmas hay.

---

CAP. XLIII.

An Act to confirm an Agreement entered into between the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury and the Most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, in pursuance of an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury to contract with the Most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, for the absolute Purchase of the Property of the said Duke, and of all others interested, in a certain Duty of twelve Pence per Chaldron on Coats shipped in the River Tyne to be consumed in England, and to grant a Compensation for the same, by way of Annuity, payable out of the Consolidated Fund.

[30th May 1800.]

---

The Preamble fully recites the Letters Patent of Dec. 18. 29 Car. 2. and the Act 30 Geo. 2. (r. io. of the 'rivate Acts) recited in 39 Geo. 3. c. 84. It then proceeds to recite the last mentioned Act, empowering the Treasury to contract with his Grace, and that a Contract had accordingly been made by Indenture, dated August 19, 1799, by which Deed, dating that the average Produce of the Duties calculated on the last ten Years, amounted to 21,000L per Annum, the Treasury agreed with his Grace for the Purchase of the said Duties by an Annuity of 19,000l. payable out of the Consolidated Fund :]—44 The recited Contract is by this Adlfully and absolutely ratified, confirmed, anjd established. §1. The said Annuity of 19,000l. is charged upon the Consolidated Fund, and made payable Quarterly. $ 2. Treasury by Warrants shall direct the Auditor of the Exchequer to make forth, from Time to Time, Debentures for the Annuity without Fees. §3. The Warrants, when signed, shall be valid, notwithstanding the Demise of his Majesty, 4i lAc. §4. Treasury, &c. shall do all Acts without Fee. §5. Acquittance of the Person entitled to the 44 Annuity shall be sufficient, who may sue for Neglect of Payment of it. $ 6. After 1808, the Person entitled to the Annuity may, on six Months Notice to the Treasury, have the Whole or any Part funded in Trustees* Names in the 3 per Cent. Consols. §7. Before the Expiration of the Year 1808. a Part of the 44 Annuity, not exceeding a third, may be so funded on Notice from the Annuitant. §8. The Treasury may fund the Whole or any Part of the Annuity at any Time. §9. On such Investment in the 3 per Cents, taking Place, the Annuity, or so much as has been funded, shall cease. § to."

17

granted by the original Leflore r to the Cestuique Trust* and Under Lctfte, on reasonable Terms, subject to the accustomed Rent,

&c.

Where Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes become pa> able on Good Friday, the same shall be payable on the Day before, and the Holders thereof may protest the same for Nonpayment on such preceding Pay.

---

318 C. 44. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for granting, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, certain Allowances to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of Militia, disembodied under an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to accept the Services of an additional Number of Volunteers from the Militia, under certain Restrictions.

[30th May 1800.]

---

1 Cap.

Receivers Central of the Taxes 10 pay certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors reduced, and Serjeants disembodied in puifu-ance of recited Act.

Commanding Officers of Militia shall give to such as are entitled to the Allowance, a Certificate, specifying the Period to which they received Pay, from which their Allowances shall commence. Certificates shall be irdorsed by the Minister and Churchwardens of the Place of Residence of Adjutant, &c. and lodged with the Receiver Gene-rtral, who shall jny the Money then due, and give Order to the Collector of the Party’s Place of Rtfi-der.ee lor Payment of the Allowance from Time to Time, &c.

Rules^o heoo-Irrvtd by Adjutants, Sc c.

WHEREAS in pursuance of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament*, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to accept the Services of an additional Number of Volunteers from the MilitiaI under certain Re/triflions, certain of the Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the said Militia have been and may be reduced, and certain of the Serjeants have been and may be disembodied: And vmereas it is expedient that some Provision should be made for the said Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants, during the Time and under the Restrictions herein after prefenbed:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's mutt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefenc Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in, every County, Riding, or Place, within that Part of Great Britain called England, where any Part of the Militia shall have been disembodied in pursuance of the said recited Act, the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, and other the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, for such County, Riding or Place respectively, shall ifltie and pay, or cause to be paid, the whole Sums required, in the Manner herein after expressed, to every reduced Adjutant and Serjeant Major, and to such of the disembodied Serjeants as shall have served at lealt one Year as Serjeants, and shall have obtained Certificates of their good Behaviour from their respective Commanding Officers; that is to say, to every reduced Adjutant an Allowance of three Shillings a Day, to every reduced Serjeant Major, an Allowance of one Shilling a Day, with the Addition of two Shillings and Sixpence a Week, and for every such disembodied Serjeant as aforesaid, an Allowance of one Shilling a Day.

II. And in order that such Allowances may be the more eafiiy made at the respective Places of Rest- dence of such Adjutant, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants,’ be it further enacted, That the Commanding Officer of every Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of such Militia, shall make or cause to be made out in Writing, and shall lign and cause to be delivered to the Adjutant, Serjeant Major, and each Serjeant entitled to the said Allowance as aforesaid, a Certificate of his Service as such Adjutant, Serjeant Major, or Serjeant, in such Form and with such Description as he shall think necessary, specifying the Day on which such Adjutant, Serjeant Major, and Serjeant was reduced or disembodied as aforesaid, and the Period up to which he received Pay according to his Rank in the Militia; and every such Adjutant, Serjeant Major, and Serjeant, shall be entitled to the Allowance herein-before expressed, from the Tfcrmination of the Period last mentioned, at the Times and in the Manner, and for the Period herein after mentioned, without Deduction or Abatement on any Account whatever.

III. And be it further enacted, That every such Adjutant, Serjeant Major, and Serjeant, upon obtaining such Certificate, shall procure the same to be indorsed with a Certificate of the Parish or Place of his actual Residence, under the Signatures of the Minister and Churchwardens (or any two of them) of such Parish or Place, which Certificate such Minister and Churchwardens respectively are hereby required to give without Fee or Reward, and shall forthwith lodge the same so indorsed with the Receiver or one of the Receivers General of the County, Riding, or Place, within which he shall reside, to be by such Receiver General filed and preserved for the Purposes herein after mentioned, such Receiver General givinga Receipt for the same to such Adjutant, Serjeant Maior, or Serjeant, and every such Receiver General shall forthwith pay to every such Adjutant, Serjeant Major, and Serjeant, the full Amount of the Money then due to'him under this Act, and shall within seven Days thereafter cause an Order to be delivered to one of the Collectors of the said several Rates and Duties for the Parish or Place mentioned in the Indorsement upon any such Certificate as the Residence of the Adjutant, Serjeant Major, or Serjeant, to whom the Certificate shall relate respectively, for the Payment from Time to Time of the Allowance given by this Act, either Weekly, Monthly, or Quarterly, as the Person entitled thereto may demand the same, and every such Collector shall pay the Allowances, directed by any such Order to be paid, out of any publick Monies he rriay then have in his Hands, or if he shall have no such Monies then out of the First publick Monies he shall thereafter receive, as long as any Adjutant, Serjeant Major, or Serjeant, shall reftde in the same Panfli or Place, and shall continue entitled to the Allowance under this Act *uch Collector taking proper Receipts from Time to Time for such Payments; and it shall be lawful for such Collector to retain in his Hands, with the Consent of such Receiver General from Time to Time, sufficient of the publick Monies received by him, for the Payment in full of all such Allowances for the Period of one Quarter of a Year next ensuing; and all such Payments made by such Collector shall be allowed in his Accounts with the respective Commissioners of the said Duties,"and with the respective Receivers General, and the said several Sums of Money, so paid by such Collectors and Receivers General respectively shall be allowed in the Accounts of such Receiver General out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax, which shall be received or receivable by such Receiver General.

IV. And be it further enacted, That as often as any such Adjutant, Serjeant Major, or Serjeant, shall change his Place of Residence to any other Parish or Place within the same County or Riding in which

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 44. 319

he shall have lodged such Certificate as aforesaid, the Order upon the Collector of the Parish or Place where such Adjutant, Serjeant Major, or Serjeant lad resided, shall be void; and in order to obtain a Continuance of his Allowance, such Adjutant, Serjeant Major, or Serjeant, shall give or fend Notice of his Change of Residence to the said Receiver General, together with a like Certificate as is herein-before required From the Minister and Churchwardens of the Parish or Place where he shall intend to reside; and such Receiver General shall thereupon, and so from Time to Time, cause like Order to be given to the Collector of such other Parish or Place, for the Continuance of such Allowance to such Adjutant, Serjeant Major, or Serjeant, so long as he shall be entitled to the same.

V. And be it further epaded, That as often as any such Adjutant, Serjeant Major, or Serjeant, shall change his Place of Residence into any other County or Riding than the One in which his Certificate shall have been lodged as aforesaid, the Receiver General with whom the same was lodged shall, upon a Demand made for that Purpose, deliver up the Certificate of Service of such Adjutant, Serjeant Major, or Serjeant, after indorsing thereon the Time up to which the Allowances thereon shall have been paid; and the Adjutant, Serjnnt Major, or Serjeant, to whom such Certificate shall relate, shall be entitled to receive his Allowance by this Act granted from the Receiver General of such other County or Riding; and for the Purpose of obtaining and granting the same, every such Adjutant, Serjeant Major, or Serjeant, and every such Receiver General and Collector, and other Person, shall proceed respectively, in like Manner, in every Respect, as is herein-before diieded on the first Delivery of such Certificate.

VI. And be it farther enacted, That every such reduced Adjutant, Serjeant Major, and Serjeant aforesaid, shall at the Time of his transmitting the Certificate aforesaid, to the Receiver General of any County, Riding, or Place, and also when and so often as he shall change his Place of Residence, make a Return to the Commanding Officer of the Militia of the County, Riding, or Place, to which he shall belong, of the Place at which he shall then reside.

Place

charging «heir Place of Rtfi-deuce within the same County, in order to obtain a Continuance of the Allowances.

Rules to be ob-fei ved for the like Purpost, when Adjutants, &c. remove into any other County.

Adjutants, &c. Di ill make a Return to the Commanding Officer of the Miiitin of the of his Residence.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every reduced Adjutant, entitled to any Allowance under this Act may receive and take such Allowance, together with the Pay of any such other Commission, or any such other Allowance or Emolument as is allowed to be held or received by any Adjutant of any Militia raised, and serving under an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for amending and reducing into one Act of Parliament^ the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, together with any Pay or Allowance to which he may be entitled as such Adjutant.

Adjutants may take the Allowance, toget er with any Emolument they may receive under 26 Geo. 3. c. 107, and any Allowance they may be entitled to as Adjutants.

VIII. Provided always, That no reduced Adjutant aforesaid shall be entitled to receive such Allowance Adjutantt hold-under this Act, who shall hold any Office of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, other than such as iJ?iany-ot!lcr

nr__af-A J J Office shall

aforesaid. not be entitled

to the Allowance,

IX. Provided always, and be it further enadeJ, That every such Adjutant, Serjeant Major, and Serjeant, shall remain liable to serve in the Militia of the County, Riding, or Place to which he shall have belonged, and shall join any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia serving for such County, Riding, of Place, whenevercalled upon so to do by the Commanding Officer of such Militia, either for the Purpose of Applying any Vacancy that may have arisen in the Rank he shall have held in the said Militia, or whenever the Militia in which he shall have served shall be again augmented in pursuance of the said recited Act of this Session of Parliament; and that from the Time of any such Adjutant, Serjeant Major, or Serjeant, being again called into actual Service, and becoming entitled to the Pay of the Rjnk in which he had formerly served, or in Case any such Adjutant shall be appointed Captain of a Company, or to any higher Rank than that of Captain, or in case any such Adjutant, Serjeant Major or Serjeant, to whom such Allowance shall have been granted, shall neglect to make such Return of his Place of Residence to the Commanding Officer of the Militia of the County, Riding, or Place for which he shall belong, as is required by this Act, or shall negledor refuse to join such Militia, according to any Notice that shall have been given to him for that Purpose, unless prevented by Sickness or other sufficient C^use, to be allowed by the Commanding Officer of such Militia, then, and in any such case, the Allowance granted by this Act shall wholly ceale.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Allowances hereby granted shall continue until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, and no longer.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Collector as aforesaid shall at any Time refuse or ne-gled to pay any such Allowance that shall be demanded in pursuance of any Order of any Receiver General granted by virtue of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Adjutant, Serjeant Major, or Serjeant, entitled thereto, to make a Complaint of such Neglect or Refusal to any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place, in which such Adjutant, Serjeant Major, or Serjeant shall reside, and such Justice of the Peace shall thereupon cause such Collector to come before him with the Order for Payment of such Allowance, and shall make such Order for the punctual Payment of such Allowance then or to become due, as upon speh Enquiry he shall deem necessary 5 and if it shall appear to any such Justice of the Peace, upon any such Complaint as aforesaid, that any such Collector hath unnecessarily and without any good Cause wilfully refused or delayed the Payment of any such Allowance, it shall be lawful for such Justice of the Peace to fine injlanter such Collector in any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, without any other or further information than JSummons or Process as aforesaid, and unless such Fine shall be

Adjutants, See. shall remain liable to serve in the Militia, and to join when called upon by the Commanding Officer.

The Allowance to ccafe in certain Case«.

Continuance of Allowances.

Jf a Collector neglect to pay the Allowance, one Justice shall on Complaint order punctual Payment, and may fine the CoJetfor, not exceeding ioi.* to be paid to the Party grieved.

320 C. 44 - 46. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

forthwith paid, to cause such Fine and Costs attending the same to be forthwith levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Collector, which Fine shall be paid to the Adjutant, Serjeant Major, or Serjeant, whose Allowance shall have so remained unpaid as aforesaid, and the Surplus (if any) of the Money so levied shall be returned upon Demand to the Party.

[No Certificate nor any Allowance shall be assignable.]

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Certificate given under this Act, nor any Allowance to any Adjutant, Serjeant Major, or Serjeant, or any Part thereof, shall be assignable or assigned in Law or in Equity, in any Way whatever, nor shall any such Allowance be receivable, or any Part thereof received, under any Power or Disposition thereof, or any Part thereof, nor otherwise than to the sole Use and Benefit of such Adjutant, Serjeant Major, or Serjeant respectively, whose Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge for all Payments made to them reflectively under this Act.

---

[No Fee to be paid for any Thing done in relation to Allowances.]

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Fee or Gratuity whatever shall be given or paid by any Person entitled to any Allowance under this Act, for any Thing which shall be done in relation thereto.

CAP. XLV.

An Act for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Glass, as was to continue in force for a limited Time; and to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and one; to the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain, to the encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and securing the Duties on Foreign-made Sail Cloth imported, to the securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and Charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs, and of the Naval Officers in the BritiJsh Colonies in America, and of the Officers of the Customs in the Island of Newfoundland, until the ninth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the landing Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, until the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and two; and to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Straits, until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand eight hundred and one.

[30th May 1800.]

---

"So much of 35 Geo. 3. c. 114, for securing Duties on Glass as was to have Continuance till July 5, 1797, made perpetual. §1.—29 Geo. 2. c. 15. for granting a Bounty on Linens (continued by several Acts, the last 39 Geo. 5. c. 28.) further continued till June 24, 1801. §2.—33 Geo. 2. c. 17. for making of Sail Cloth, (continued by several Acts, the last 36 Geo. 3. c. 108. §1.) further continued till September 29, 1804, &c. §3.—9 Geo. 2. c. 37. for further encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, €i (continued by several Acts, the last 36 Geo. 3. c. 108. §2.) further continued till September 29, 1804, 44 l$c. §4.—19 Geo. 2. c. 27. for securing the Duties on Foreign-made Sail Cloth imported, (continued by 41 several Acts, the last 36 Geo. 3. c. 108. §3.) further continued till September 29, 1804, &c. §5. So 44 much of 10 Geo. 3. c. 37. as relates to the Fees of the Officers of the Customs, and Naval Officers in America, and so much of 16 Geo. 3. c. 47. as relates to Fees of Officers of Customs in Newfoundland (Lit continued by 34 Geo. 3. c. 44. j 2.) further continued till May 9, 1804, fsV. §6.~So much of 15 and 44 16 Geo. 2. c. 25. as relates to the landing of Rum, &c. (continued by several Acts, the last 33 Geo. 3. *4 c. 40 §1.) further continued till September 29, 1805,&c. §7.—So much of 26 Geo. 3. c. 26. as relates to Bounties for encouraging the Newfoundland Fisheries, LsV. (last continued by 39 Geo. 3. c. 102.) further continued till January 1, 1802. §8.-26 Geo 3. c. 41. for the Encouragement of the Greenland Fisheries; and so much of 29 Geo. 3. c. 53. as relates to those Fisheries, (continued by several Acts, the last 39 Geo. 3. c. 101.) further continued till December 25, 1801. §9.*

---

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for the mere easy and expeditious Recovery of Small Debts, and determining Small causes in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[30th May 1800.]

[35 Geo. 3. c. 123 recited.]

'WHEREAS the Regulations introduced by the Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more easy and expeditious Recovery of Small Debts, and determining Small causes arising out of Personal Contract or Obligation, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and which Act is near expiring, having in general been found useful and beneficial to the Publick, it is proper that they should be renewed and made perpetual, with such Amendments as Experience has suggested, and that other and further Regulations should be made for attaining the same salutary Ends:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[all causes brought under Authority of that Act, and]

That all causes and Complaints

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 46. 321

---

[

brought under the Authority of the said Act, and depending at the Commencement of this Act, drpmdingat shall be carried on to a Conclusion, according to the Rules thereby prescribed, notwithstanding this present Act, A<fr, shall be

carried on according to the Rules of tUe former A£!

II. And be it enacted, That from and after the first Day of June one thousand eight hundred, (which From June 1, is hereby declared to be the Commencement of this Act,) it shall be lawful and competent for any two or

more of his Majesty's Justices of Peace in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, within their re- ^"cWe*for spective Counties or Stewartries, to hear, try, and determine, as shall appear to them agreeable to Equity sums nor ex-and good Conference, all causes and Complaints brought before them, concerning the Recovery of Debts ceeding 51.

or the making tffectual any Demand: Provided always, That the Debt or Demand shall not exceed the Staling.

Value of Five Pounds Sterling, exclusive of Costs, and that in a summary Way, as more particularly herein after mentioned.

III. And be it enacted, That all such causes shall proceed upon Petition or Complaint, dating shortly How causes

' the Cause or Ground of Action, and concluding against the Defender; which Petition or Complaint being shall be pcocccd-signed by the Justice of Peace Clerk, or any Deputy by him appointed, or in case of his failing to appoint, «<* upon-

by a Clerk to be appointed within the respective Distri&s as herein after mentioned, shall be a Warrant for any Constable or Peace Officer, for summoning the Defender to appear and answer at the next Meeting of the Justices of Peace in the District of the County or Stewartry where the Defender resides, the same not being sooner than upon the sixth Day after the Date of the Citation, and also for summoning Witnesses to the same Day and Place: Provided always, That a Copy of the said Petition or Complaint, with the Citation annexed, and also a Copy of the Account, Document of Debt, or State of the Demand, with the Names of the Witnesses, or other Means of Proof, shall be delivered by a Constable or Peace Officer to the Defender personally, or at his Dwelling House or Place of Abode, in which last Case, if the Defender shall not appear, he shall be cited a second Time personally, or at his Dwelling House or Place of Abode, upon the Words de novo being either subjoined to the original Petition, and signed by any one Justice of the Peace, or written in the Procedure Book kept by the Clerk, and signed by the Justices, to appear either at the next stated Meeting, or at a Meeting to be held by Adjournment for that Purpose, and fixed by the Justices at the first Diet, which second Meeting shall not be sooner than three Days from the Date of the nrft, or in Default to be held as eonfeffing the Debt or Justice of the Demand; and the Constable or Peace Officer, shall, in both cases, return an Execution of Citation signed by him, or shall appear and give Evidence upon Oath of his having duly cited the Defender in Manner aforesaid: Provided ravertheless. That if the Defender shall appear at any Time before such second Citation, and the Parties

and Witnesses shall be then ready, the Justices may proceed to hear and determine the Cause.

IV. And be it enacted, That the original Warrant, signed by the Justice of Peace Clerk, or his Deputy, shall contain an Authority to the Officer to summon Witnesses, not only for the Pursuer but also for the Defender, if the Officer shall at any Time, before the Diet of Appearance, be required by the Defender

to cite such Witnesses.

V. And be it enacted, That if the Witnesses cited, either upon the one Part or the other* do not appear at the Time and Place to which they are cited, it shall be competent to the Party or Parties to apply for a new Warrant for compelling them to attend at the next stated or adjourned Meeting, which Warrant may be signed by any one Justice of the Peace, and may require them to attend in order to give Evidence, under a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, to be awarded by the Justice of Peace in Default of their Appearance, unless a reasonable Excuse be offered and sustained, and to be recovered by the Paity at whose Instance they were cited, in the same Form and Manner as is herein directed with regard to other Small Debts, or, in the Option of the Justice of Peace, to be imprisoned for a certain Time in the County Prison, not exceeding ten Days.

VI. And be it enacted, That when the Panics shall appear, the said Justices shall hear them viva voce, and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and also the Parties by Declaration, or upon Oath^ Provided always, That no Procurators, Solicitors, or any Persons practising the Law, shall be allowed to plead for them, either viva voce or by Writing, nor shall any of the Pleadings, or Minutes or Evidence, betake down in Writing, or be. entered upon any Record.

&C,

VII. And be it enacted, That if the Defender who has been personally cited, or who has been cited a fe- Defender not >cond Time on Default for Non-appearance on the first Citation, shall not appear by himself or by one of appearing, or his Family, and shall not fend an Excuse to satisfy the Justices to give him a Delay, he shall be held as >t fending a

confessing the Debt or Justice of the Demand; but if a sufficient Excuse shall happen to be made, or if the fufftc, cnt tx* Absence of Witnesses, or any other good Reason assigned, shall move the Justices to adjourn the Meeting ’ to anowher Day, or to the next stated Time of meeting, it shall be competent for them to make such Adjournment, and the Parties and Witnesses shall be ordered then to attend.

Warrant foall authorize Witnesses to be summoned for both Parties. Witnesses hot appearing on a second Summons liable to Penalty.

Parties and Witnesses may he examined on Oath, but no Pradtifer of the Law to plead.

[Masters may be rciitard on certain Conditions.]

VIII. And be it enacted, That where a Decree has gone in Absence or by Default, it shall be still /competent for the Defendant, upon consigning the Sums decreed for in the Clerk’s Hands, and making Intimation of this to the Pursuer personally, or by two Citations at his Dwelling House or Place of Abode, ‘ at any Time before the Days of the Charge elapse, to have the Matter re*heard at the following Court 'Day 5 and in like Manner where Absolvitor has passed in Absence, it shall be competent for the Pursuer, upon consigning Two Shillings and Sixpence into the Hands of the Clerk, and giving the like Notice to the

cufc, shall be held as con tiffing the Debt, but for good Rtafon the Justices may adjourn the Meeting.

322 C. 46. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Justices may punish Officers for Failure of Duty.

Clerk to enter Transcriprs of Petitions end Decree*.

Copy of Decree to be Warrant foi fixccution.

Form of Poinding*

Justices may order Debts to be paid by Instalments.

Decree not fob* je& to Advoca-t ion, Ac-Caution to be found where an Actioa of Reduction is infilled on.

other Party, to have the Caofe again called at the next Court Day, the Two Shilling* and Sixpence being paid over to the Defender, in order to defray his previous fcxpence.

IX. And be it enacted, That in case it shall be proved, to the Satisfaction of the Justices, that the Non-attendance of Parties or Witnesses has been occasioned by any Failure of Duty on the Part of the Officer, and that he has returned a false Execution, it shall be in the Power of the said Justices to puniffihim, by a Fine to the Poor or Imprisonment, the Fine not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, nor the Imprisonment not exceeding ten Days.

X. And be it enacted, That the Cleric or Depute Clerk shall keep a Book, wherein (halt be? entered a Transcript of the Petition or Complaint, with the Date of giving it in, the several Deliverances or Interlocutory Orders of the Justices*, and the final Judg nent or Decree, with the Date thereof, which Uft shall be signed by the Justices present, or by their Prefes if more than two are present, and a Copy of the said ' Decree shall by the Clerk be annexed to the principal Petition or Complaint, containing Warrant for arresting or poinding the Effects of the Defender, or for committing his Person to Prison, which Copy or Extract, being signed by the Cleric or his Deputy, and delivered to the Party in whose Favour the same is granted, shall be a Warrant for Execution, after the Expiration of fix free Days from the Date of pronouncing the Decree, if the Party against whom it is given hat been present in Court when it was pronounced, or if he has not been present Execution shall only proceed after a Charge of fix free Days given by the Officer* by leaving a Copy of the Decree or Judgment a gam ft the Party either per fonaily or at his Dwelling House, to which Charge the Officer shall make Oath if required.

XI. And be it enacted, That the Form of the Poinding shall be summary, videlicet* by carrying the Effects poinded to the nearest Market Town or Kirk Town, or Village within the Parish, and after getting the same duly apprized, felling them between the Hours of Eleven and Twelve, Forenoon, at the Crofc or most publick Place, after one Hour’s Notice given by a Crier by publick Roup, to the highest Bidder, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner, after deducing what is allowed by this AiSt for Poinding and Sale; and if the Effects are not fold, delivering them over at the appraised Value to the Creditor, to the Amount of the Debt and the Allowance for Poinding: Provided always, That in case the Place of Sale is not a Market Town, but only a Kirk Town or Village, the Place and Time of Sale shall be advertised two Days at lead before the Day of Sale, at the Door of the Parish Church upon Sunday after the Fbrenoon Sermon.

XII. And be it enacted, That the said Justices may, if they think proper, dire£k the Sum or Sums found duetobe repaid by Instalments, Weekly or Monthly, according to the Circumstances of the Parties found liable, and under such Conditions or Qualifications as they shall think fit to annex.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Decree given determined by the said Justices shall not be subject to Advocation, nor to any Suspension, Appeal, or other Stay of Execution; and in case either Party shall afterwards insist in an Action of Reduction before the Court of Session, for setting aside the Proceedings on the Ground of alleged Iniquity or Oppression, he shall, before he be heard in such Action, be obliged to find sufficient Caution, and to lodge the same in the Hands of the Clerk of Court, for Payment of such Expences as may be awarded against him; nor shall any such Action be at all competent after the Expiration of one Year from the Date of the Decree of the said Justices.

The following

Fee* to be taken.

A Table of Fees

to be hung up k. the Courts; which may be modified by the Fines rxeent for Non 'a 'end-anceol Witnef fcf, to be paid to the Poor.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the following and no higher Fees, shall be allowed and taken

(videlicet.)

To the Clerk of the Court:

For drawing up Petition and Complaint - Sixpence.

For entering and transcribing the same in his Book - Sixpence.

To the Clerk, for a Copy of Service - Two Pence.

To him for signing and entering the same in his Book - Four Pence.

To the Clerk, for entering the Appearance of a Defender - Sixpence.

To him, for every Oath - Four Pence.

To him, for the Decree containing the Warrant of Execution - Sixpence.

To him, for Warrant to cite Defenders, Witnesses, or any other Warrant or Order Four Pence.

To the Crier, for calling the Action - One Penny.

To the Officer, for summoning the Defender or Witnesses, on giving any of the Notices

required by this Act, each Time - Four Pence.

To him, for the Execution of Arrestment of the Defender’s Effect$ - Sixpence.

To him and the Assistants, for poinding the Effects - Two Shillings.

To him and his Assistants, for selling the same - Two Shillings.

To Him and Assistants, for Execution against the Defender’s Person - Three Shillings.

To the Officer, for every Mile he shall travel into the Country - Four Pence.

And to each Assistant, where Assistance is necessary - Three Pence.

A Copy of which Table of Fees, signed by the Clerk, shall be hung up in every Place for holding ef Courts, and in his Office; and the said Fees shall be subject to the Modi location of the Justices in very small cases, or where one Petition and Complaint is directed against different Defenders.

Justices.

XV. And be it enacted, That an Account shall be kept by the Clerk of Court of all Fines awarded by the Justices, by virtue of this Act, (excepting Penalties for Witnesses on Non-appearance, which are to be paid to the Parties at whose instance they were summoned,) and shall be paid to the Poor, in such Way and Manner as the said Justices shall direct.

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 46. 323

XVI. And be it enacted, That the Justices of Peace for each County or Stewartry in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall, at their first or any after Meeting of the Quarter Sessions, make suitable Divisions of the County or Stewartry into Districts, within which the Justices of the Peace (toll meet, at a convenient Place in each District, upon the first Monday of every Month (of upon such other lawful Day of the fhft Week of every Month, as the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions (hill fix as most convenient) at Eleven of the Clock, Forenoon, in order to carry the Purposes of this Act into Execution, and which Monthly Meetings may be adjourned, if necessary, to any other lawful Day or Days of the Month, to be held at the f.ime Place: and me Quarter Sessions flail at the same Time appoint the Place of Meeting in each District, of which they shall order due Notice to be given to all concerned, by Advertisement at the Church Doors of every Parish in the County or Stewartry, at lead two Sundays after the Pisces are certified*

XVII. And be it enacted, That in case the Justice of Peace Clerk shall fail to name a Deputy in each of the said Districts, on or before the Time appointed for each District Meeting, or before any subsequent Meeting, of which the said Justice of Peace Clerk has had personal Notice, the said Justices who shall attend at such DiitrirSt Meeting or Meetings shall, and they are hereby empowered to name a Clerk for that District, who shall be removable by any subsequent Quarter Sessions, and another Clerk may thert be appointed by the said Quarter Sessions, from Time to Time as they shall see Cause.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That for the better regulating the Proceedings of the said Justices empowered to hear and determine the said causes, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices at their Quarter Sessions, from Time to Time, to make such Rules and orders as shall seem to them most expedient and conducive for the Purposes of this Act, so as such Rules and Orders shall be agreeable to Law, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; which said Rules and Orders having been made by the said Justices at their Quarter Sessions, shall be in force, and kept and observed by the Justices empowered to hear and determine the said causes, and their Officers and the Suitors before them, until the lame shall be repealed or varied by the Justices at their said Quarter Sessions, or by the Lords of Session or Judiciary in Edinburgh, or by the Circuit Courts of Judiciary, upon Application of any two or more Justices of the Peace.

XIX. And be it enacted, That no Privilege shall be allowed to exempt any Person liable to be summoned by virtue of this Act, from the Jurisdiction of the said Justices, on account of his being a Member of any other Court of Justice.

Justices to make Divisions of Counties for carrying Act into execution.

Quarter Session* to order Notice of Meetings to be given.

If the Justice of Peace Clerk fail to name a Deputy, the Justices may name one.

Justices at Quarter Sessions may make Rule* for the Purposes of this Act.

No Member of any other Court exempt from the Jurisdiction of the Justices.

[Act not to ex-

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to any Debt for Rent, upon a Tack, or Lease, or real Contract, where the Title of any Lands, Te- C€rtim

nements, or Hereditaments can or may come to be brought in aueftion, nor to any other Debt, Matter,

or Thing, that shall or may arise upon or concerning the Validity of any Will, Testamertf, or Contract of Marriage, although the same shall not amount to the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling, nor to any Debt for any Money or Thing won at or determined by Means of any Horse Race, Cock Match, or any Kind of Gaming or Play, or any Debt or Demand for or on Account of any Spirituous Liquors: any Thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXI. And whereas the Magistrates of the City of Edinburgh have long been in the Use and Possession of holding a Weekly Court* for determining in a funimary Manner, according to Equity and good Conscience, all causes and Complaints brought before them for Small Sums not exceeding ten Merits, detemune Scats Money, and of putting their Decrees into immediate Execution against ail Persons residing within the vJttklyCwiu said City and Liberties thereof: And whereas it would be expedient to extend their Jurisdiction so far as regards the Sum or Value of the Cause to be tried in that Manner at their said Weekly Courts be it therefore enacted, That the Magistrates of Edinburgh shall have full Power and Liberty as Justices of the Peace, and they are hereby authorised at their aforesaid Weekly Courts, to try, hear, and determine, in a summary Manner, all causes and Complaints brought before them, concerning the Recovery of Debts, or the making effectual any Demand against all Persons residing within the said City of Edinburgh and Liberties thereof, as described in a Royal Charter in favour of the City, dated the twenty-third Day of October in the Year one thousand six hundred and thirty-six: Provided always, That the Debt or Demand shall not exceed the Value of Forty Pounds Scots v

XXII. And be it enacted, That in every Case where the Claim or Demand shall not exceed the afore^, Where the said Sum of Forty Pounds Scots, the Provisions herein-before contained shall be, and the same are hereby Claim ft*1*not directed to be observed and put in Execution by the said Magistrates of Edinburgh at their said Weekly the Pro-Courts, and that their Decrees shall be put in Execution in the same Way and Manner as hereixi-before virions of this directed and authorised* relative to the Proceedings before and by the other Justices of the Peace Act shall be ob-

served by the

, Magistrates of Edinburgh.

Magistrate* of

Edinburgh may

against Residents within the City and it* Liberties for Demands not exceeding 401* Scot*.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That the Jurisdiction of the Justices of the Peace in that Part of Great Bri- The Jurisoifttori tain called Scotland> so far as not regulated by this present Act, shall remain entire, and ibe exercised in the J^n^otherlb same Manner as they are entitled to exercise the lame before the passing of this ASX. ^uTatwi, fozii

remain entire.

---

324. C. 47. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for repealing the Rates and Fares taken by Licensed Hackney Coachmen, and for establishing other Rates and Fares in lieu thereof; and for explaining and amending several Laws relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs.

[30th May 1800.]

---

26 Geo. 3. c. 7*.

recit-.d.

After p:.flint* this Act the folio wine Fates to be tak-I) j

Fares for Coaches taken any Distance between fix in the Morning and

WHEREAS the Rates and Fares to be taken by Hackney Coachmen, and Persons legally acting under them, for the Hire ot Hackney Coaches, have been found in some Instances to be inefficient: And whereas it is therefore expedient that some of the Rates and Fares enumerated in an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, u An Act for laying an u additional Duty on Hackney Coaches, and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches" should be increased Be it therefore enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this. preitnt Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Person who now is or shall hereafter be licensed by the Commissioners for regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, or the major Part of them, to drive, keep, and let to hire by the Hour or Day, or otherwise, any Hackney Coach with Horses, Geldings, and Mares, within the Cities of London or Westminster\ or the Suburbs of the same, or within the Parishes or Places Comprized within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or any other Place or Places, which by any of the Laws now in being such Hackney Coach* men are compellable to go, or any Person acting legally under any such Licensed Person shall be entitled tof. and may demand, receive, and take for the Hire of any such Hackney Coach* the Rates and Fares herein* af er mentioned 3 (that is to say,)

For every Hackney Coach hired and taken any Distance, at any Time between the Hours of fix of the Clock in the Morning and twelve of the Clock at Night, the Rates and Fares following, (that is to-say,)

twelve at Night

For every Distance within and not exceeding one Mile, the Sum of one Shilling:

For every further Distance within and not exceeding Half a Mile, computed as beyond the first Mile, the additional Sum of Sixpence; and lb in like Manner the Sum of Sixpence for every further Distance within and not exceeding Half a Mile, to be computed through the whole Distance which such Coach shall be driven or go: f

Fares for And for every Hackney Coach hired and kept in waiting between the Hours bf fix of the Clock in the

tCc aches kept Morning and twelve of the Clock at Night* the several Rates and Fares following, (that is to fey,)

in waiting between fix in the Morning and twelve at Night.:

Fares for Coaches hired where there is a regular Continuation of Carriage Way Pavement, or at a Stand beyond such Continuation, and discharged at a Place where they cannot he driven to such nearest Continuation, or such Standing, before Sun fct.

Fares for Coaches hired for the Day.

For any Time not exceeding forty Minutes, the Sum of one Shilling; and for every further Period of Time not exceeding twenty Minutes, to be computed from the Expiration of the first forty Minutes during the whole of the Time which such Coach shall be engaged, employed, or kept in waiting, the further Sum of Sixpence for every such additional Period:

And for every Hackney Coach hired in any Part of the Cities of London and Westminster, or the Borough of Southwark, or any Place adjoining thereto, where there is a regular Continuation of Carriage Way Pavement from either of the said Cities or Borough aforesaid, or at any Standing for Hackney Coaches beyond any such regular Continuation of Carriage Way Pavement, and taken to and discharged at any Place from which such Coach cannot be driven to the nearest Continuation of Carriage Way Pavement, or such Standing as aforesaid, before Sun-fer, (estimating the Rate of driving of such Coach at five Miles in the Hour,) then one Half Part of the Rate or Fare allowed by this Act, for all such Distance as such Coabh can be so driven as aforesaid, towards such nearest Continuation of Carriage Way Pavement before Sunset; but nevertheless so as-that no Fradfien of any Sum less than Sixpence shall be demandable or demanded, or payable or paid, where by reason of any such Half Rate or Fare as aforesaid, any such Fradlion shall arise; and the full Rate or Fare allowed by this Act, for all such Distance as shall remain for such Coach to be driven at the Rate aforesaid, to such Continuation of regular Carriage Way Pavement after Sunset, or where any such Coach shall in either of such last mentioned cases, have been hired or taken at any Standing beyond the regular Continuation of Carriage Way Pavement, then to such Standing or to the nearest Continuation of Carriage Way Pavement, at the Option of the Person discharging such Coach:

And for every Hackney Coach hired or kept for the Day, (such Day not to exceed twelve Hours, and to end before or at twelve of the Clock at Night, and the Distance which such Coach shall be taken not to exceed twenty Miles,) the Sum of Eighteen Shillings for such Day’s Work, and for any further Time exceeding such twelve Hours or Distance exceeding twenty Miles, and also for any Time after twelve of the Clock at Night, then such further Rate or Fare for such Time or Distance as is in any Case allowed for any further Time or Distance of the like Nature by this Act; and also if any such Coach shall be taken to and discharged at any Place where there is not a regular Continuation of Carriage Way Pavement adjoining either of the Cities or Borough aforesaid, exceeding one Mile from the extreme End of the nearest regular Continuation of Carriage Way Pavement, so as that such Coach cannot be driven to such nearest Continuation

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 47. 325

of Carriage Way Pavement within such twelve Hours, or before twelve of the Clock at Night, or where the Distance of any such last mentioned Place where any such Coach shall be discharged as aforesaid, added to the Distance which such Coach shall have before been driven, shall in the Whole exceed twenty Miles;* then such further and additional Rate or Fare as is allowed by this Act for any further Time or Distance of the like Nature:

And for every Hackney Coach which shall be hired or taken, or kept in waiting for any Time, or taken to any Distance after twelve of the Clock at Night and before fix of the Clock in the Morning, or which shall be discharged at any such Time and Place, as chat such Coach cannot be driverbto the extreme End of some regular continued Carriage Way Pavement before twelve of the Clock at Night, an additional Rate or Fare for such Time or Distance as aforesaid, over and above the Rate or Fare before mentioned, of one Sixpence upon every Shilling of such Rate or Fare, but so as that such additional Rate or Fare shall not be allowed, taken, or received, for any Coach hired between th* Hours of ten and twelve of the Clock at Night in any Case unless the Rate or Fare according to the Time for which such Coach shall be kept, or the Distance which such Coach shall be taken, shall, according to the Rates and Fares before mentioned, amount to the Sum of Two Shillings or upwards although such Coach shall not be discharged till after twelve of the Clock at Night-

Fares for Coaches hired' or kept in waiting after 12 at Night, and be* fore fix in the Morning, or which shall be discharged at such Time and* Place that they cannot be driven-to some regular continued Carriage Way. Pavement before 12 at Night-

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Avenge Price of Oats, made up, computed, and ve- When the rifted, and published in the London Gazette, according to the Provisions of an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation plftc* according' of Corn^ and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported, To 31 Geo. 3. feall exceed twenty-five Shillings Quarter, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for licensing and

c 30. Hull ex*

regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, or the major Part of them, if they shall see fit, to cause an Addition cccd 2SS* P* to be made to the Rates and Fares hereinbefore mentioned and allowed, to be demanded, received, and ^iffionerr taken, for the Hire of any Hackney Coach, in the Proportion herein after mentioned; that is to say, {or |ictnfing

Hackney Coaches may cause an Addition to be made to the Farts-

Upon every Rate or Fare, amounting to two Shillings, the additional Sum of Sixpence: Additional*

Upon every Rate or Fare amounting to four Shillings, the additional Sum of one Shilling:

And so, in like Manner, upon every Increase of two Shillings, or any Rate or Fare above the Rate or Fare of four Shillings aforesaid, the additional Sum of Sixpence for every such Increase of two Shillings.

III. Provided always, That such additional Rate or Fare shall not be demandable, of payable or paid, in respect of any such Rate or Fare as aforesaid, unless such Coach shall have been taken the full Distance, or kept in waiting the full Period, which such Coach may be taken or kept respectively, for such Sum of two Shillings or four Shillings respectively, or any such further Increase of two Shillings as aforesaid; which additional Rate or Fare shall and may be recovered in like Manner as any other Rate or Fare for the Hire of any Hackney Coach may be recovered; and such Commissioners or the major Part of them* shall, whenever they shall think fit to increase such Rates or Fares in Manner aforesaid, publish Notice thereof in the London Gazette, specifying in such Notice the Period at which such Increase is to commence, and for which such increase shall continue^so as that the Period of such Commencement shall be seven Days at the least from the Time of such Notice being published in the Gazette *r and it shall be lawful for such Commissioners to continue such Increase of Rates and Fares as aforesaid, until the average Price of Oats, so published as aforesaid, shall be reduced to one Pound and one Shilling a Quarter, and for such further Time, not exceed- in the

ing thirty Days, after the average Price of Oats shall be reduced to one Pound and one Shilling per Quarter

rc’may'be ter* as they shall see fit. conunucdT.li *'

Fares.

Additional \ Fare not payable unless the Coach be takers the full Distance, or kept in waiting tire fulf period, for which allowed. The Commissioners to publish Notice of Increase of

30 Days after the Average Price of Oats shall be reduced to one Guinea per Quarter*.

IV. And whereas it is expedient that some Regulations should be made for the Purpose of more effectu- 'iheOommif- ally compelling Persons licensed to drive, keep, and let to hire Hackney Coaches, to provide safe and clean sioners ^aora*

Coaches, and able and sufficient Horses, and such as shall be.iit for the Accommodation of Persons hiring ^Hackney the same*/ be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they coaches and are hereby authorised to appoint some proper Person or Persons of competent Skill and* Judgment, with Horfts; such moderate Allowance as the said Commissioners shall think fit for his or their Pains and Trouble, to inspect all Hackney Coaches licensed by such Commissioners as aforesaid, and the Horses which shall be used in drawing the said Coaches; and such Person or Persons shall, four Times at the least in each and: every Year and also at all Times whenever the Commissioners shall think fit, survey and inspect all Hackney Coaches, 3nd the Horses which shall be used in drawing them, or such and so many of such Hackney Coaches and Horses as they shall be required to survey and examine by such Commissioners, and ascertain and examine the State and Condition of such Hackney Coaches and Horses, and report the same to the said Commissioners; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised so ^encl^of an^ suspend the Licence of any Person or Persons whose Hackney Coach shall be found defective, either in re- p^rfon^who* J spedl of the Safety, State of Repair, or Condition or Cleanliness thereof, or wh^fe Horses shall be deemed coach shall be unfit or insufficient, and to continue such Suspension of such Licence until the same shall be properly rec- detective or tified; and if any Person or Persons to whom any such Hackney Coach shall belong, or who shall be li- Ho,rcs unfit> censed to drive, keep, or let such Hackney Ccacb, or any Person or Persons employed by ortufting for him licences or them, shall refuse to permit any Person or Persons, (being so appointed by such Commissioners as a£>re- inspeaoisare feid, J to survey and examine any such Hackney Coach, or the Horses used in drawing them, or shall produce refused toex-U> any such Person or Persons any other Coach than the Coach bona fide and ordinarily driven under the amine Coaciie*,.

326. C. 47. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Licence granted for that Purpose, or the Horses which they shall have ordinarily ofed in or for drawing the same, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised to supersede such Licence, and render the Time null and void,

Hackney

V. And whereas many Hackney Coachmen who are in the Streets with their Coaches, in the Course

Coachmen, of their Employment withdraw from those Parts of the Streets where they ought to (land and ply for Hire, an<^ atte‘ic* With their Coaches about the Theatres, and Places of Publick Resort, and under Pretence any Phce"com- being already hired, ref.jfc to go with Persons defirousof hiring such Coaches f be it therefore enacted, pciiabk to go That every Hackney Coachmirt whole Coach# (h ill be found (landing in any Street or Place, and whole wkh any ivrfon Coach shall not be adlua’ly hired, shall be deemed and taken to be plying for Hirev although such Coach dtfjrcus of hir- shal] not be on any Standing or Place u'uaiiy appropriated for the Purpose of Hackney Coaches (landing in^iiTof ’lllfu- or l^V‘ng for Hire; and every such Coachman who shall not be actually hired, shall be obliged and com-folJiabie to Pe- pcllable to go with pny Person or Persons delirous of hiring such Coach; and if any Complaint shall De mlty, onieft made to the said Commissioners of the refusal of any fueft Hackney Coachman to go with any Person they prove their or Persons desirous of hiring such Coach, such Hackney Coachman shall be obliged to give Evidence of beins hired. having been and being hired at the Time of the Application made to hire such Hackney Coach; and in caie any such Hackney Coachman cannot or shall not produce sufficient Evidence of having been so then hired as aforesaid, he or they shall be subject and liable to such and the like Penalty or Penalties, and Punishment, as may by any Act or Acts, or Law or Laws now in being, be imposed or inflicted in Cases, of Refusal to carry for Hire by licensed Hackney Coachmen. v if a Coalman

VI. Provided always, That in every such Case, where any Coachman who shall have been fumrhoned

summortal ;or for any such Refusal, shall produce sufficient Evidence of having been then hired as aforesaid, it shall be law-shall !rove his Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised to require the Person who shall have summoned

liavin^wen^ such Coachman, to make to such Coachman such reasonable Allowance for his Loss of Time, as to such l.in.cCthe com- Commissioners shall in their Discretion seem proper in that Behalf.

missioners may

require the Party to make him satisfaction for Loss of Time.

The Commissioners may require Persons licensed to keep Hackney Coaches to enter at their Office the Names and Residences of the Drivers, to whom they may grant Leave to drive and revoke or suspend the same, as also the Licences for keeping Hackney Coaches of Persons who shall omit to enter the Nanu s of their Drivers, or

VII. And whereas it is expedient that some Provision should be made for the better ordering and regulating the Drivers of Hackney Coaches, and also the Persons attending as Watermen and Assistants at Hackney Coach Standings and at Places of publick Resort,’ be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised to require all and every Person and Persons licenced to keep, drive, or let to hire any Hackney Coach, to enter, in a Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose nt the Office of the said Corn mi (Turners, the Name and Names, and Residence or Residences respectively, of the Person or Persons driving such licensed Hackney Coach, and it shall thereupon be lawful for the said Commissioners to grant Leave in such Manner and Form as they shall think fit to such Person or Persons to drive such Hackney Coach; and at any Time or Times upon Complaint made by any Person or Persons, or Information given of any Misconduct of hny such Driver as aforesaid, or any Complaint made by the Owner of any such Coach or Person employing such Driver, to revoke or suspend, for such Time as they shall think necessary, such Leave; and if any Person or Persons licensed to keep or let to hire any such Hackney Coach shall omit to enter the Name or Names, and Residence or Residences, of the Driver or Drivers of any such Hackney Coach, or shall permit or suffer any Person or Persons not so duly entered as aforesaid, and to whom no such Leave shall have been granted as aforesaid, (unless for any Period of Time between the Time of any such Driver having left the Driving of any such Hackney Coach, and the next Day of Meeting of such Commissioners,) then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to revoke or to suspend, for such 'Dime as they shall lee fit, the Licence of such Person or Persons.

suffer any t‘«r-

son not entered to drive.

Person* attending as Watermen to Hackney Coaclmion, not uthorised ny the Commissioners, liable to Penalty.

The Commissioners may. make Rule* for regulating Hackney Coachmen and Watermen attending them, and annex Penalties for Uieach

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Person to attend at any Hackney Coach Standing, or at any Place of Publick Resort, as a Waterman or Assistant to Hackney Coachmen, unless such Person shall be authorised under the Hand Writing of the said Commissioners so to do; and if any such Person shall presume to attend as such Waterman or Assistant as aforesaid, without being so authorised as aforesaid, he shall be liable to such Penalty and Forfeiture for so doing, as shall be imposed in that Behalf by the said Commissioners, by any Order, Rule, or Ordinance made by them in pursuance of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for the Time being shall have full Power and Authority to make, frame, and set down in Writing, such reasonable Rules, Orders, and Ordinances, for governing and regulating all Persons who shall drive any Hackney Coaches, and also all Persons who shall attend as Watermen or as Affitlants to Hackney Coachmen, at any Hackney Coach Standings, or at any Places of publick Relort, and to annex reasonable Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach of such Rule*, Orders, and Ordinances, not exceeding forty Shillings nor less than five Shillings, for any one Offence; and such Rules, Orders, and Ordinances, or any of them, from Time to Time, to alter or amend, thtreofi

No Person shall

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons shall

cany Perton* prefome to carry any Person or Persons for Hire in any Sedan Chart*, (unless such Sedan Chair shall have been or shall be hired by such Person or Pei f ms for the Whole of the Day of twelve Hours st the leatt, u> k(% lured lor a which he, she, or they shall be carried in such Sedan Chair,) within the Cities of London or IVjimq/m, or

Day,) witiaa

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 47, 48. 327

the Suburbs of the same, or within any of the Parishes or Places comprized within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, without having first obtained a Licence for such carrying a Hackney Chair from the Commissioners for licensing and regulating. Hackney Coaches and Chairs; and if any Person shall offend herein, he shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of forty Shillings, to be recovered, levied, and applied, as any Penalty or Fine may by any Act or Acts, or Law or Laws now in force, be recovered, levied, and applied* for the carrying any Person or Persons in any Hackney Chair for Hife within the same Cities, Suburbs, or Places, without such Chairman or Carrier being licensed by the Commissioners aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Hackney Coachman, his Renter or Driver, shall exact or take more for his or their Hire than the several Rates hereby limited, he or they shall for every such Offence be subject and liable to such and the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Punishments, to be levied, recovered, suffered, and inflicted by such Persons, and in such and the like Manner and Form, as by any Law or Laws now are in being respecting such Hackney Coachmen, their Renters or Drivers; and that the several Rates and Fares herein-before mentioned shall and may be recovered in such and the like Manner as the Fares of Hackney Coachmen* are by any Act or Acts of Parliament now recoverable.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Hackney Coachmen, his, her, or their Renter or Renters, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be in Arrear of Payment of any Rent or Rents, reserved or made payable by any Licence or Licences granted, or to be hereafter granted by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, for any longer Time than is or shall be expressed in such Licence or Licences, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, to revoke such Licence or Licences, and to levy the Rfents and Sums of Money reserved, and thereby made payable, either upon the Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Owners, or Renter or Renters, in such and the like Manner and Form, as they may by any Law now in being do with respect to such Owner or Owners.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued, molested, or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing, herein contained, such Person and Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, vfor his and their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become non-ftrited, such Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs,

---

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to repeal the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, granted by an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused; for reviving so much of an Act, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation thereof; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, until the tenth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and one.

[30th May 1800.]

[See ante c. 12.]

'WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

[39 Geo. 3. c. 63. recited,]

---

intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Sugar imported and exported,

and on Coffee exported, and for reducing the Drawbacks now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar, amongst other Things, certain Duties were granted on the Exportation of Sugar and Coffee: And whereas it is expedient that the said Duties should be repealed for a limited Time be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance thereof, so much of the said recited Act as imposes the said Duties on the Exportation of Coffee and Sugar shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and that so much of the ('aid Duties imposed by the said recited Act as became due and payable between the thirteenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and the Time of parting this Act, shall not be paid or payable, and that any Bonds which may have been entered into for Payment of any such Duties shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be null and void, and the same shall be cancelled accordingly.

and the passing this Act, flial

II. 4 5 And whereas rt is expedient that further Time should be given for the Payment of the Duties on British Plantation Sugar imported or to be imported into Great Britain after the thirty-first Day of March one thousand eight hundred, for which the Duties have not already been paid ;* be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and until the tenth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and one, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs for the Time being in England and Scotland reflectively, to take Bond to his Majesty from the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Configures of any British Plantation Sugar, for the Payment of the Duties chargeable upon any such

certain Limits, without a Licence, on Penalty of 40

Hackney

Coachmen evading more than their Fare, liable to the Penallies, and the Fares recoverable, as by the Laws now in being.

In case of Arrears of Rent made payable by Licences, they may be revoked, and the Arrears levied either upon the Owner or Renter.

[General Issue.]

Treble Costa-

[StenHC. it.J

39 Geo 3.0.63* recited.

an3 so much ' thereof as imposes Duties on the Exportation of Coffee and Sugar repealed, ai d such Duties as became payable between oa. 13.1799,

1 not be payable.

Till May to, 1801, Pond may be taken for the Dirties on British Plantation Sugar imported after March 31, 1800, or upon such Sugar, the

328 C. 48.

Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Duties whereon -shall not have been paid before the passing this Act, which Sugar shall be warehoused, and if the Duties be tior paid within certain Periods from the Date of Bonds, it iruy be fold.

"No Bond shall be discharged without Payment of Principal apd Interest. Fees and Stamp Duties may be cetained.

Recital of 39 Geo. 3. c. 63.

7) whereby certain Provisions of 32 Geo. 3. C. 43. were repealed*

36 Geo. 3. c. 18.

and 39 Geo. 3. c. 63. recited.

Sugar imported into any Port in Great Britain at any Time after the thirty-first Day of March one thoa-sand eight hundred, or upon any such Sugar in respect whereof such Duties shall not have been paid before the passing of this Act; and all Sugar so bonded as aforesaid shall be lodged and secured at the foie Expence of the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees thereof under the joint Locks of his Majesty and such Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees thereof, in such Warehouse or Warehouses as shall be fit for that Purpose, and shall be approved of by the said Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland, as the Case may be; and such Sugar shall not be delivered, cleared, or taken from any such Warehouse, unless or until the full Duties due and payable thereon, shall be first paid to the proper Officer of the Customs: and if the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of such Sugar, shall omit, neglect, or refute to pay and satisfy all the Duties due and payable in respect of such Sugar as shall be entered in the usual and accustomed Manner on or before the tenth Day of September one thousand eight hundred, within six Months from the Date of any Bond given under this Act for the Payment of the Duties upon such Sugar as aforesaid, and with respect to any such Sugar as shall be imported into the Port of London, and so entered between the said tenth Day of September and the said tenth Day of March, within three Months from the Date of any Bond so given, and with respect to any such Sugar as shall be imported into any other Port of this Kingdom, and so entered between the said tenth Day of September and the said tenth Day of Atarch, within two Months from the Date of any Bond so given, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, at the Expiration of such Periods as aforesaid, to cause such Sugar to be publickly sold to the best Bidder at such Places as the said Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively shall think proper, and out of the Proceeds of such Sale to satisfy such Duties, together with all such Expences as shall have arisen, relating to any such Sugar, and the Overplus (if any be) shall be paid to the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of such Sugar, or such other Person or Persons as shall be authorised to receive the same*

III. And be it further enacted, That no Bond taken by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall be discharged either in Law or Equity, without the full Payment or Satisfaction of the principal Money due or to become due thereon, together with Interest, at and after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be reckoned from the Date of such Bond until the actual Payment or Satisfaction thereof.

From May 5, 1800, 32 Geo. 3. c. 43. -as far as relates to afeer-tainin^ the average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Drawback on Exportation, revived.

From May 5,

1800, till Nov. 10, 1800, the Drawbacks on the Exportation

of Sugar, withheld by recited Acts cf36 Geo 3. iind 39 Geo. 3. shall be allowed, and the Duty imposed by

39 Geo. 3.

fc. 59-JuP°n Sugar imported by the East India

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to deduCl and retain out of the Principal and Interest that may become due on any Bond to be taken in pursuance of this Act, the Feesand Stamp Duties that shall have been paid on any such Bond.

V. And whereas, by an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Sugar imported and exported, and on Coffee exported, and for reducing the Drawbacks, allowed on the Exportation of Sugar, certain Provisions of an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for regulating the Allowance of the Draw- back and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, and for other Purposes, as far as the same related to the ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar in Manner in the said Act mentioned, or of regulating the Allowance of the Drawback or the Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, were repealed: And whereas it is expedient that the full Drawback and Bounty directed to be withheld by an Act of the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and by an Act of the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, should be allowed in certain cases: And whereas it thereby becomes necessary that the several Provisions of the said Act of the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback or the Payment of Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, should be revived be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of May one thousand eight hundred, the said Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and all the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Directions, and Regulations therein contained, as far as the same relate to ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar in the Manner therein mentioned, or of regulating the Allowance of Drawback, or the Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, shall be, and the same are hereby revived, and shall be and remain in full Force during the Continuance of this Act, except as any such Provisions. Directions, or Regulations are herein altered, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all the said Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, and Directions were repeated and re enacted in the Body of this present Act; any Thing in the said Act of the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of May one thousand eight hundred, and until the tenth Day of November one thousand eight hundred, the Whole of the Drawbacks and Bounty paid or payable on the Exportation of Sugar, directed to be withheld by the said Acts of the thirty-sixth and thirty-ninth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, shall be paid and allowed in like Manner in every resped, and subject to, and under and according to the like Rules and Regulations as any Drawbacks of Bounties were paid or allowed before the passing of the said Act of the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and during all such Time as aforesaid, the Whole of the Duty imposed by an Act of the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, upon Sugar imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the Eqjl Indies, and warehoused according to Law, and sold at the Sales of the said Company, shall, as to all such Sugar as shall be exported during the Time last aforesaid, be, and the same is hereby wholly discontinued; any Thing contained in the said Act of the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty. to the contrary notwithstanding.

Company, di (continued on such as shall be exported.

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 48, 49. 329

If on Nov. 10, 1800, the average Price of Muscovadd Sugar, taken as diridtext by \z Oco. 3. c. 43 shall not have exceeded 7cs. per Cwt. the Drawbacks withheld by. 36 Geo. 3. and 39 Geo. 3. shall be pnid, and the said Duties on Sugar imported by the East India Company, frail be discontinued on Delivery for Exportation. Drawback frail be paid oii Sugar fripr or Wattr-borne with Intent to be fript for Exportation* Continuance ot Act.

[&r c. 96 ]

VII. And be it further enacted, That if on the said tenth Day of November one thousand eight hundred, it shall appear by Notice in the London Gazette, in Manner directed in the said Act of the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, that the average Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, taken in Manner directed by the said Act made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the six Weeks preceding, shall not have exceeded seventy-Sve Shillings for an hundred Weight, inclusive of the Duties of Customs paid or payable thereon on the Importation into Great Britain? then and in every such Case the Whole of the Drawbacks and Bounty paid or payable on the Exportation of Sugar directed to be withheld by the said Act of the thirty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and by the said Act of the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, shall be paid and allowed in like Manner in every Respect,* and subject to, and under and according to the like Rules and Regulations as any Drawbacks and Bounties were paid and allowed before the passing of the said Act of the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, except as any such Rules or Regulations 3ie altered by this Act; and the Whole of the Duty imposed by an Act passed in the thirty-math Year of the Reign of his present Majesty upon Sugar imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies and warehoused according to Law, and fuld at the Sales of the said Company, shall, upon the Delivery thereof out of the Warehouses for Exportation, during the Time of any Drawbacks or Bounties being paid or allowed under this Act, be, and the same are hereby wholly discontinued; any Thing in the said Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Drawback shall eb paid

---

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Drawback and Bounty payable on the Exportation of Sugar, by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall be paid and allowed on all Sugar which shall be shipped or laden on board any Ship or Ships, or Water-borne with Intent to be shipped or laden on board any Ship or Ships in Great Britain.

[Continuance of Act.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall, as to all the Matters and Things herein contained relating to the paying and allowing any Drawback or Bounty, or discontinuing any Duty under this Act, have Continuance until the tenth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and one.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for the better ascertaining and collecting the Duties granted by several Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Duties on Income; and to explain and amend the said Acts.

[20th June 1800.]

[See c. 96.]

---

'WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made for better collecting the Duties upon Income, imposed by several Acts of the last Session of Parliament: be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons shall be allowed to separate or divide the Sum intended to be contributed, into several Portions, nor shall cleft to pay the same by Payments to be made in different Divisions in separate Proportions; but all and every Person and Persons* whether any such Statement shall be made jointly by two or more Persons or separately, shall deliver a Statement, comprehending the whole Sum intended to be contributed by him, her, or them, in ifefpeft of the Whole of his, her, or their Income, from whatever Source the same shall arise, or in respect of the Whole ofuhe Income received or receivable by him, her, or them, as Trustee. Agent, Receiver, Guardian, Committee, Tutor, or Curator, or in any other Capacity, on Account of iny other Person or Persons, in 9ne and the same Division, and to the Assessors for the same Parflh or Place, or Commissioners, as the Case may require, for the same District, whether they shall be Commercial Commissioners or Commissioners for the Purposes of the Acts on Income, except in the Cases where the same Persons shall be engaged in different Concerns of Trade or Manufacture in rartner-ship, or separately, in divers Places; and such Person or Persons shall be charged and assessed to the Whole of such Income by the same Description of Commissioners, and not in different Portions by Commissioners of cdvablYas different Districts or by different Commissioners (except as aforesaid); any Thing in the said Acts, or any Trustee, &c. in of them, to the contrary notwithstanding. one and the same Division, -

except where engaged in different Concerns j and frail be assessed for the Whole by the same Description of Commissioners.

[Sire 39 Geo. 3. c. 13 §75.]

II. And be it further enacted, That every Person carrying on Trade or Manufacture, within any City,

Town, Place, or District, where Commercial Commissioners have been or shall hereafter be appointed to act, and shall act as such Commercial Commissioners, except as herein-afeer is otherwise provided, shall deliver in the Statement required to be returned by him or her, in pursuance of the said Acts and this Act,

<0 the Commercial Commissioners for such City, Town, Place, or District; and the Income of every such aa (except as Person shall be cognizable only by such Commercial Commissioners. herein after

provided tJee

§ 7), frail deliver his Statement to them, and his Income frallbe cognizable by them'only.

[Sr* 39 Gee, J. c. 13- $ 96.]

III. And be it further enacted, That every Person engaged in Trade or Manufacture shall specify and dif- Persons in tinguish, in the Statement delivered by him or her under the said Acts or this Act, (whether the same shall be Trade foali dif--delivered to Commercial Commissioners or Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Acts, or to Assessors,) statement* tow iiow much of the Sum of Money contained in such Statement is payable iR respect of Income arising from mucUaf the 39 & 40 Geo. III. u u Trade,

All Persons frail deliver Statements, whether made jointly or separately, compre-, bending the Sum intended to be contributed for their whole Income from whatever Source arising, or re-

Every Person carrying on Trade where Commercial Commissioners

330 C. 49. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Trade or Manufacture, and how much thereof in respect of Income derived froth any other Source or Sources; and every such Person shall be assessed according to the same Rate to the Whole of the Duties payable in respect of the Whole of his or her Income in One Sum, from whatever Source or Sources the same shall arise, distinguishing nevertheless in such Assessment the Proportion assessed in respect of Income arising from Trade or Manufacture, and the Proportion thereof arising from any other Source or Sources,

Sum Is payable in respect of Income arising from Trade, and how much in respect of Income arising

from other Sources, but shall be affeflVd according to the f.tme Rate for the Whole in one Sum,

Persons in Trade shall specify in their Statements where and to whom they were delivered the preceding Year and whether the Income was calculated on an Average. of Years, and the Years and Number j and Partners shall specify the Name and Residence of how calculated*

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Person engaged in Trade or Manufacture shall, in his or her Statement, specify the District where his or her Statement (if any) was delivered in the preceding Year and whether the same was delivered to Assessors or to Commercial Commissioners, and also whether the Income in respect whereof the same was delivered, was calculated on an Average of Years, or on one Year only; and if on an Average of Years, then the particular Years and Number thereof; and where any two or more Persons shall be engaged in Trade or Manufacture as Partners together, then the Statement or Statements of such Partners, whether the same shall be delivered in jointly or separately, shall also specify the Name and Residence of every Partner, and each Partner shall respectively state whether the Statement or Statements delivered in by him in the preceding Year of such Partnership Income (if any such were delivered in) contained the joint or separate Income of such Partners, and also where and before what Commissioners such Partner was assessed; and whether such Statement or Statements was or were calculated on the Income of the preceding Year, or on aq Average of any and what Number of preceding Years.

each, and wither the Statements delivered in the preceding Year contained their joint or separate Income, and where aflVfled and

Statements of V. provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Statements delivered by any Persons trading in ^Svered^n Partnership together, whether joint or separate, shall be delivered in the Division or Place, and to the re-

the Division1 frective Commissioners, where the Trade or Manufacture shall be carried on, notwithstanding the same Per-

where the Trade (on may be engaged in distinct Partnership Concerns; and if any such Trade or Manufacture shall be car-Js carried on: ried on in divers Places, then the same shall be delivered in at some one of such Places, at the Election of the

and if carried principal Partner or Person having-the larger Share or Interest in such Partnership Concern, and being Maces then at resident in Great Britain i or if the respective Shares and Interests of several of such Partners in any such such one as the Partnership, who are respectively resident in Great Britain, shall be equal, then at the Election of such. principal Part- of the said Partners who shall be so resident, and who shall be first named in the Deed, Instrument, or other ner resident in Agreement of Copartnership, or when there shall be no such Deed, Instrument, or Agreement of Copart-m?ta*n d ner*P> ^en at Ele<T,on of such of the said Partners who shall be so residenfin Great Britain, and shall where tlwirto- naf?le^ ^inS^Y or with Priority to the other Partner or Partners in the usual Copartnership Name, Stile,' terefls are " and Firm; whereof such Partner is hereby jequired to give Notice to every other Partner in such Trade or equal, at the Manufacture redding in Great Britain: Provided also, That where no such Partner shall be resident in Great Election of the Britain, then the Statement of the Income of such Partnership shall be delivered by their Agent, Manager, resident Partner or Factorin Great Britain, jointly for such Partners: Provided also, That where certain of trie Partners the D^d-and ilot ^9 resident in Great Britain, and any o#ther or others shall be resident therein, and the Partner or

where there is Partners who is or are so resident, shall be desirous of delivering separate Statements, the Partner or principal

no Deed, at the Partner of those who are resident in Great Britain, shall deliver the Statements of Income arising from such clcAion of the Partnership, of all the Partners not resident in Great Britain; and every Statement of the joint Income of refitfent Partner any such Partnership, where the Partners shall be desirous of being charged jointly, shall comprize only the riieFirm: who InCome arising from such Trade or Manufacture as aforesaid, or from such Lands or Tenements occupied is to give Notice fof the Purpose of such Trade or Manufacture; and a distinct; Assessment shall be made upon the Partners thereof to every jointly upon the Whole as a separate Income, without any Division thereof into Shares or Portions accords other resident ing to the respective Interests of such Partners, and without any Addition of any separate Income: Pro-Partner. Where vided always, That if any or either of such Partners shall be chargeable in respect of his or her separate denT Partner* " Income, amounting toless than two hundred Pounds, every such Partner shall declare his or her Proportion the Statement in such Partnership, in order that the separate Income may be added thereto in making the Assessment, or in than be deliver- Default thereof he or she shall be chargeable for the Tenth of such separate Income, whatever may be the ed by the Agent. Amount thereof*

Where the resident Partners shall be desirous of delivering separate Statements, the principal Resident shall deliver the Statements of the non-resident Partners; and, where the Partners are desirous of being charged jointly, the Statement shall Comprize only the Income arising from the Trade and Premises; and adif-'lindl Aflefinunt shall be made upon the Partners jointly upon the Whole as a separate Income, if a Partner shall be chargeable in respect of his separate Income for less than 200l. he shall declare his Proportion in the Partnership, that an Assessment may be made on the Whole, or be liable to pay a tenth on ]>is separate Income.

The Commissioners acting within any District in which Persons in Trade shall be ‘ afilfied, (except the Commercial Commissioners for London and its Vicinity,)

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the Acts relating to Duties on Income, within any District in which any Person shall be assessed according to the Rules and Regulations in the said Acts or any or either of them or this Act contained, for assessing Persons engaged in Trade or Manufacture, (except the Commercial Commissioners for the City of London and its Vicinity,) to appoint some proper Person or Persons, and such as can give competent Security to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, (which Security the said Commissioners, or any two of them, are hereby authorised to require and take in their own Names, and insert therein such Conditions as shall be required by the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes in that Behalf,) to receive the Duties alleffed by such Comimihoners in any such District upon Persons engaged in Trade or Manufacture, whose Assessment

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 49. 331

shall not be included in any Warrant to any Collector or Collectors of the said Duties; or who shall not have given Notice to pay the same into the Bank of England; and i,t shall be lawful for the said respective Commissioners to allow to the Person or Persons so appointed as aforesaid such Salary or Reward for his or their Attendance and Trouble therein* as shall be agreed upon between such Commissioners and the Person or Persons as aforesaid, and as shall be approved of by the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, not exceeding the Rate of one Penny Halfpenny in the Pound of the Sum paid to the Receiver General as after mentioned; which Salary or Reward the Person or Persons lb appointed is and are hereby empowered to detain out of the Payments of the la(t Instalment payable in respect of the Duties receivable by him or them as aforesaid 5 and every such Person shall on some Day in every Week, to be named in the Security entered into by him, pay or remit to the Receiver General of the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place where such Duties shall be paid as aforesaid, the whole Amount of the Duties that shall from Time to Time be collected by virtue of this Act.

may allow them such Recompence (not exceeding i-Jd. per Pound,) as shall be approved of by the Commissioners for Taxts. weekly to the Receiver General the Money collected.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person engaged in Trade or Manufacture, No Trader and entitled by the said Acts to be assessed by the Commercial Commissioners appointed within and for the comHbu^on* City of London and its Vicinity, whose Contribution, in respect of Income anting from such Trade or Manu- shall not facture, which shall be returned in the Statement delivered in by him or her, shall not amount to the Sum of amount to aol, twenty Pounds, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be entitled to be assessed by the said Commercial shall be entitled Commissioner of the City of London and its Vicinity: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Persons engaged in Trade or Manu failure in Partnership, whose joint Contribution in respect of Income arising from such Trade or Manufacture, which shall be returned in one Statement as upon a Partnership Income, and to be assessed as such, shall amount to the said Sum of twenty Pounds, from being assessed by such Commercial Commissioners, although the whole Income of any one of such Partners might not amount to such Sum as aforesaid.

may appoint Persons to receive the Duties assessed upon Traders whose Assessment* shall not have been included in any Warrant to the Collectors, or who shall not have given Notice to pay the same into the Bank, and Such Persons shall remit

may be assessed by them.

[&* ptft. e.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons engaged in Trade and Manufacture, whose Contribution, so returned as aforesaid, as arising from Trade or Manufacture, shall not amount to the said Sum of twenty Pounds, and residing or carrying on any such Trade or Manufacture within the Jurisdiction of the Commercial Commissioners for the City of London and its Vicinity, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be assessed by the Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, acting for the District within which such Persons respectively shall carry on such Trade or Manufacture; and it shall be lawful for such Persons respectively, by him, her, or themselves, or his, her, or their Agents, to deliver or cause to be delivered their respective Statements to the Clerks to the said last mentioned Commissioners, in such and the like Manner, in every Respect, as if such Statements were delivered to the Commercial Commissioners; and such Persons shall thereupon be assessed by all or any of such Rules, Directions, and Regulations, as are in any of the said Acts and this Act contained, with respect to Persons in Trade or Manufacture.

come Acts, to whose Clerks they may deliver Statements as to the Commercial Commissioners, and shall be ai

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Person engaged in Trade or Manufacture, within the Limits of the District of the Commercial Commissioners for the City of London and its Vicinity, who, by reason of any of the Provisions of this Act, shall not be entitled to be assessed by such Commercial Commissioners as aforesaid and every Person engaged in Trade or Manufacture in any City, Town, Place, or District, where no such Commercial Commissioners as aforesaid shall act, may on the Delivery of his or her Statement to the Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Acts in the District jvHere such Trade or Manufacture shall be carried on, require to be assessed to the said Duties, under the like Rules and.in all Respects in like Manner as if such Statements had been delivered to Commercial Commissioners; and the Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Acts, in every such District, shall, on the Receipt of any sealed Statement which shall have been delivered to them and not to the Assessors, proceed to charge such Person in like Manner, and under the like Powers, Rules, Regulations, and Directions, in all Respects, as any Commercial Commissioners might have done; provided that such Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Acts, and their respective Clerks, and such Receiver or Receivers as they shall appoint as herein-before provided, shall, before they act therein, take the Oath of Secrecy required Co be taken by Commercial Commissioners and their respective Clerks, by virtue of the said Acts or any of them, in addition to the Oath required to be taken by other Commissioners.

they had been delivered to Commercial Commissioners; such Commissioners, their Clerks, and the Receivers, taking the Oath 39 Geo. 3. c. 42. $ S.)

X. And be it further enacted, That any Income arising from Property in any of the British Plantations in America, and imported into Great Britain from thence, shall be luted, proved, ascertained, and assessed, before and by the respective for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, acting for the District within which the Person or Persons to whom any such Property shall belong shall reside, in every Case where the Amount of Contribution in respect of the Income, arising from such Property as aforesaid shall not Amount to the Sum of twenty Pounds, in like Manner and under the like Rules as Income arising from Trade or Manufacture.

(ioners for the District within which the Owner shall reside, where the Contribution shall amount to 2d. at Income ar

Income arising from Property in the Bntdh Plantations in America, and imported into Great Britain, shall be assessed by the Commis-ifing from Trade.

332 C. 49. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

So much of

XI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Acts, or any of them, as restrain Cora-Aasas restrains mercial Commissioners from enquiring into Statements of Income delivered to them before the Expiration of Commissioners tweftty-one Days from the Day of receiving the same, shall be and the same is hereby repealed, from enquiring into Statements before %\ Days after Delivery, repealed.

[&* 39 Geo. 3. c. 13. §97.]. s

The Comme

XII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the several Commercial

*U1 Commis- Commissioners and the Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Acts, acting as such Commercial Commissioners, Commissioners* (halh in their respective Books of Assessments, enter and cause to be entered the several Amounts acting as such, of the Sums assessed by them in respect of Income arising from Trade or Manufacture, separate and apart from all Sums assessed vby them in respect of Income arising from any other Source; and shall, from Time

to Time, make out and cause to be made out, and shall transmit or cause to be transmitted to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, distinct Accounts of the Amount of Income assessed by them as arising from Trade or Manufacture, and of the Amount of Income assessed by them as arising from Property in any of the British Plantations in America, and also from any other Source or Sources, distinguishing the Amount arising on each Head of Income; which Accounts shall be severally made out with the Particulars and in the Manner required by the said Acts for the like Accounts respectively; and shall also from Time to Time make out or cause to be made out, and shall transmit or cause to be transmitted to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, Lids containing the Name, Description, and Place of Residence of all and every Persons or Person assessed by them respectively, as soon as the same conveniently can be done; which Lists shall be made out according to an alphabetical Arrangement of the respective Parishes or Places of Residence, classing together all Parishes and Places in the(ame County, Riding, Shire, or Stewartry.

shall enter the Sums assessed in respect of Income arising from Trade, separate from Assessments in respect of other Income, and transmit to the Tax Office, distinct Accounts of the Amount of Income af-

In Addition to

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in Addition to the Certificate required by the said Acts to be given the Certificate to every Person to be assessed by Commercial Commissioners. the said Commercial Commissioners OtaJi, at

f^Gel. ci ^ame rT,‘nie at which the Certificate before-mentioned shall be delivered, deliver to the Person so assessed,

V99l°aSdc.%l\ or to ^>nae Person on his or her Behalf, another Certificate, containing the proper Name, Description, and 5 14J to be Residence of the Person so assessed, and certifying that such Person hath been charged to the said Duties on given 10 the Income, according to the Provisions of the said Acts by the Commissioners granting such Certificate; which herfK^raffcflird Certificate shall be signed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and shall be exhibited forthwith by the mercui Coin. Party» to Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Acts, "within the District where such Person mi^ht missioners, they otherwise lawfully be assessed, to be by them returned to the Party exhibiting such Certificate after having, shall deliver an- taken a Copy thereof, to be by the said Commissioners kept and filed; and in Default of such Certificate other, contain- being exhibited within a reasonable Time, unless a sufficient Excuse be given to the Satisfaction of such &8 thf thapC> Commissioners, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Acts in such District, to fw assessed. Mid Procee<*to assess such Person to the said Ditties, in like Manner as Persons not engaged In Trade or Manu-that he hath facture may be assessed thereto.

been charged to the Duties 5 which shall be signed by their Clerk, and exhibited by the Party charged to the general Commissioners of his District, that a Copy may be taken and filed, and if not exhibited m a reasonable Time, the general Commissioners may assess the Party as a Person not concerned ia Trade.

when the Com

XIV. And be it farther enacted, That whenever the Commercial Commissioners shall, according to the i^ffiomnuSiall Prov®ons of ^e fa*d Acts, have allowed to any Person, any Abatement of the Sums assessed for the Year have granted a ending on the fifth Day of Abril in any Year, on Account of Diminution of Income, and shall have granted Certificate of a Certificate thereof xin the Manner directed by the said Acts, or any Act relating to the said Duties, or lean Abatement ferred to and made applicable thereby, it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to direct their Cashier or Cashiers to repay to such Person such Sum as It shall appear has been income1^the °vcrpaid on such Assessment, out of any puWick Monies in the Hands of such Cashier or Cashiers; who*

K.mk may di- shall from Time to Time replace the same out of the first Monies that shall come into the Bank of England

rest Payment of of the said Duties upon Income; for which Payment the Certificate of the said Commissioners shall be a tUe Over pay- sufficient Authority.

ment.

[&e

39 Geo. 3. C. 13. §7*-J

The Rules pre

XV. And bc it further enacted, That the Rules prescribedin the Schedules of the several Acts for granting feribed in the Duties on Income, or either of them, as far as relates to the Mode for ascertaining Income arising from Land' lar as rcUtes^o occupied by tJie Owner, or by a Tenant at Rack Rent, shall be and are hereby repealed, ascertaining Income arising from Land occupied by the Owner, or by ^Tenant at Rack Rent, repealed.

[See 39 Geo. 3. t. 22. ScUd. A. Co* I. and Ca XT.]

Income arising [to the Tenant] from Land occupied by a Tenant at Rack Rent, shall be taken in certain Proportions to the agi?re?ate A mount of the following Articles, viz. Rent, T*jus, Tythes,

XVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Income arising from Land occupied by a Tenant at Rack Rent, shall be taken in the Proportions herein after specified to me aggregate Amount of the following Articles; {videlicet J

Rent for one Year payable to the Landlord or Landlords:

Parochial and other Rates and Assessments charged on the said Lands, or upon the Occupiers in respedof such Lands, on an Average of the three successive Years ending on the twenty-ninth Day of Septe/nber one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, or on an Average of the three successive Years ending the twenty-ninth Day of September of the Year immediately preceding the Date of the existing Lease, Contract, or Agreement by virtue of which such Lands are held or occupied; provided such Lease, Contract, or Agreement bears Date of its Commencement within fifteen Years previous to the passing of this Act; or in

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 49. 333

case the Date of the Commencement of the said Lease shall go beyond fifteen Years from the passing of this Act, then to an Average of any three successive Years within the said Period of fifteen Yeats; and provided the said parochial and other Rates and Assessments are payable by the Occupier for the Time being:

And the Value of all Tythes as the same would be worth to be let when taken in Kind, or the Sums paid or payable for the same, or agreed to be paid in Satisfaction for the same, within or for the last preceding or the current Year. 1

If such aggregate Amount be under three hundred Pounds a Year, then the Income shall be taken at one-half of such Amount; and if at three hundred Pounds a Year, or upwards, then at three-fifths of such.

Amount.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case of Lands occupied by the Owner, the Income arising incomearifing

therefrom shall be taken at the aggregate Amount of the Rent it which the same are worth to be let by the from A

Year, according to the ordinary Rent of Lands of the like Quality, and under the like Circumstances, in Owner'fliJl br the same Neighbourhood, and a certain Proportion of what would be computed to be the Income of the t^n at the Tenant at Rack Rent, as above-mentioned; that is to fey, if such aggregate Amount be under three hun- aggregate dred Pounds a Year, then the Income shall be taken at such Rent and two-fifths of such Amount, and if at Amount of three hundred Pounds a Year, or upwards, then at such Rent and one-balf of such Amount; except always where the Lands shall have come into the Occupation of the Owner within eighteen Months pare, on the Kc?rhbotuhood Expiration of a L^afe or the Death or Failure of a Tenant, in which Case the same shall be valued at one *nda Proper- r Year's Rent only of Lands of the like Quality as aforesaid. tion of wiut

would be computed to be the Income of the Tenant at Rack Renta

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if by pursuing the Rules before-mentioned, any Occupier of Land shall think himself aggrieved by the Assessment to be made thereupon, it shall be lawful for such Occupier of Land to appeal from such Assessment, at such Time and in such Manner as Appeals grieved by fuclr may be made under the said Acts; and if upon the Hearing of such Appeal, it shall be proved to the Satis- Assessment* fedionof the Commissioners, that the Sum so estimated as the Income arising from such Lands by virtue of may appeal, as such Rule, doth exceed the Amount of the clear Income actually received by such* Occupier from such' allowed by the Lands, on the Average of three Years preceding (if such Person shall have occupied such Lands during anrfuTtbe three ears) or on the Average of the Period for which he shall have occupied the lame (if less than three* proved that t!*r Years) it shall be lawful for such Commissioners, and they are hereby required, to amend such Assessment sum so efti-in such Manner as according to all Circumstances proved to them, shall appear just and reasonable to be «ce*d* charged in respect of such actual Income, computed on the Average and in Manner aforesaid; so that in no lhc cleaJhIn~ such Case the Occupier shall be charged with more than one Tenth Part of his actual Profits from the Land cotoifficrom so occupied by him. msy amend the

Assessment, so that no Occupier shall be charged with more than a Tenth of the actual Profit* from the Lands.

[See 39 Geo. 3. r. 13. §94.]

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Provisions of the said recited Acts, or any of them, Provisions ln

which exempt from the Duties thereby granted Persons being in Great Britain for feme temporary Purpose r^ner

only, and not with any View or Intent of establishing their Residence therein, shall not be extended, in any 3?

Cases from and after the passing of this Act, to any Person who shall have continually resided in Great Bn- 1*0.] which fain for the Space of six Calendar Months prior to the Time required for the Delwery of his or her State- exempt tempo-ment of Income; but every Person who shall have continually so resided during the Period before-men- rary Rcfidenu,

tioned, shall be chargeable to the said Duties on Income in the Manner directed by the said recited Acts, as ""

a Person actually reading in Great Britain, whether such Person shall be Subject of his Majesty or not; have Conti»u-any Thing in the said Acts to the contrary notwithstanding: And every Person who shall be adjudged, by ally resided in reason of temporary Residence in Great Britain, to be chargeable to the Duties granted by an Act passed in Great Britain the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an Mont£*

Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, shall be charged thereto in the Manner herein after Timet0for directed. very of state-

ments; but they shall be chargeable to the Duties. Temporary Residents chargeable to the Duties granted by 38 Geo. 3. c. 16. shall be charge# thereto as herein after directed.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where the said. respective Commissioners shall act- Where the judge any Person to be chargeable to the Duties granted by the said last mentioned Act, as a Person residing

in this Kingdom for a temporary Purpose only, it shall be lawful for them, in their respective Divisions or such Person Districts, or any two or more of them, and they are hereby required, to issue their Preceptor Precepts chargeable, to to the respective Assessors, or one of them, of the Duties 6n Houses, Windows, and Lights, and other the the Duucs under Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, granted by two Acts passed 3* Geo. 3. c. 16. in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the one thereof intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, on inhabited Houses, and on Clocks and Watches; and for AOWftrsof the granting to his Majesty other Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, and on inhabited Houses, in lieu thereof; Duties granted and the other thereof intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, horses, Mules, by 38 Geo. 3. and Dogs i and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and acting for the Parish or Place cc* 41 to where the Person or Persons intended to be charged shall reside or be, or for any other Parish or Place where be madeo? such Person or Persons shall have returned to pay the Duties of any of them charged by virtue of the said the Particulars Acts, requiring such Assessors, or one or more of them respectively, to cause a Return to be made, on and Amount 0# a Day and at a Place to be fixed in every such Precept, of the Particulars and Amount of the Duties for and the Duties for to which such Person or Persons shall stand charged by virtue of the last Assessment or A fleflments made upon such Person or Persons by virtue of the said last mentioned Acts within their respective Parishes and Places, fUnd c,^cd

in bR virtue of tb+

33+ C. 49.

Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

lad Assessment tinder the said Atts; or if no Assessment has been made for the current or preceding: Year, or the Party Thai! not have been charged to the full Amount, Mm.

The Assessors to whom Precepts shall be delivered, shall cause previous A lit Aments to be computed upon such Par-tits, in Propor-Ubn.t'o the Duties granted by 38 Geo. 3. ce. 40, 41. in respect of Dwelling ttoufes then occupied by them, and of the greiteft. Number of Male Servants, &c. kept by them, which shall be the Hafts of an Assessment to be'made by the Commissioners in case any such Assessment or Assessments shall have been made; and if no such Assessment shall have been made upon such Person or Persons for the current or preceding Year, or if he, she, or they shall r.*>t have been charged to the full Amount that is or might be chargeable by virtue of the said Acts last mentioned, according to such Return as is directed to be made by this Act, then such Assessors, or one of them, shall cause a Return to be made of the House and Window Duties, and of the greatest Number of Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, and Dogs retained, kept, or used by such Person or Persons as aforesaid, at any Time during the Period herein after mentioned, or which he, she, or they shall then retain, keep, or ufs respectively.

then to cause a Return to be made of the House and Window Duties, and of the greatest Number of Male Servants, &c. kept by

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where any such Enquiry as aforesaid shall have been directed, it shall be lawful for the respective Assessors to whom such Precepts shall be delivered, and they are hereby required, according to the Directions therein contained, to cause a previous Assessment or Assessments to be computed upon the Person or Persons mentioned in such Precepts reflectively, in Proportion to the Duties granted by the said two Acts passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, mi respect of all and every Dwelling Houses or House which, or any Part whereof, shall be then occupied by such Person or Persons, and whether any other Person or Persons shall have been charged for the same or not, and also in respect of the greatest Number of Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, and Dogs retained, kept, or used by him, her, or them, at any Time within the Period for which the before-mentioned Return is hereby directed to be made, according to the respective Descriptions, and at the respective Rates contained in the said last mentioned Acts 3* which Assessment or Assessments To computed, being confirm^ as herein after is directed, and returned to the said respective Commissioners appointed under the said Acts for granting Duties on Income, shall be the Basis of an Assessment to be made by the said Commissioners upon such Person or Persons to the said Duties on Income, according to the said Act for granting an Aid and Contribution to the War as aforesaid: Provided always, That no Assessment to the Duties granted by the said Acts of the thirty, eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign respectively, or either of them, made for the Purposes of this Act, shall be deemed a Charge upon any Person or Persons to the Duties granted by the said Acts, any farther than such Person would be liable to if this Act had not been made: Provided also, That in Cases where a sufficient Assessment shall have already been made upon such Person or Persons to the said last mentioned Duties as required by this Act, it shall be lawful for such Assessors to cause a Copy of such Assessment to be returned to the said respective Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, infteaa of making an Assessment as herein-before is directed.

under the Income A^s, according to 38 Geo 3. c. 16. 5 but no Assessments to the Duties under 38 Geo. 3. cc. 40, 41. made for the Purpose of this Act, shall be deemed a Charge to the said Duties further than the Person would be liable if this Act had not been made. Where a sufficient AfTttfiuent has already been made, the Assessors shall return a Copy to the Commissioners in dead of making an Assessment.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Assessment of the Sums computed under the Authority of this Act, shall be returned by the Assessors making the same to the proper Commissioners of the Division for the Duties granted by the said last mentioned Acts, for their Confirmation, such Assessors giving Notice thereof to the Party or Parties; which Assessment shall be subject to Appeal, within ten Days alter such Notice, in the Manner directed by the said Acts 3 and which Appeal shall be determined by such Commissioners as soon as conveniently can be done, on ten Days general Notice to be given by them in the Manner directed or used in other Cases of assessed "Taxes 3 and every such Assessment so confirmed or determined, shall be transmitted to the Commissioners for carrying into Execution the said Acts for granting Duties on Income, to be by them used and applied in the Execution thereof, as herein is directed.

Such Assessments under this Act shall be returned to the Commi (Turners of the DjvifioQ for the Duties under 38 Geo.

3. cc. 40, 41. the Assessors giving Notice

thereof to the Parties, and shall be subject to Appeal, as in other Cases of assessed Taxes; and when confirmed, &c. shall be transmitted to the Commissioners for executing the Income Acts.

If any Person whose ordinary Residence is out of Great Britain, shall, during tl»e Continuance of any Charge upon him on Account of temporary Residence, go beyond St a, the Charge shall continue until the hnd of the current Year, unless Notice of Departure he delivered to the CommissioneiV Clerk, and a

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, if any Person, whose ordinary Residence shall have been out of Great Britain, shall, during the Continuance of any Charge made upon him or her, under the said first-recited Acts or this Act, by reason of temporary Residence therein, depart from Great Britain and go into any Parts beyond the Seas, such Charge shall continue until the End of the current Year, unless Notice of the Time of such Departure be delivered to the Clerk of the Commissioners by whom such Charge was made, and a Receipt or Receipts be produced to such Clerk, of the Payment or Satisfaction of all Sums which had accrued or might accrue upon such Charge prior to the Time of such Departure; in which Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to vacate such Charge from and after the Period of the actual Departure of such Person from Great Britain, whenever the same shall be certified to the said Commissioners by the Collector of the Customs, or his Deputy, or by any Officer of the Customs authorised by such Collector or Deputy, at the Port of Departure of such Person 3 which Certificate every such Colleger or Deputy shall give or cause to be given whenever required so to do by such Person for the Purposes aforesaid: Provided that no Person, being a Subject of his Majesty, shall be entitled to vacate such Charge in respect c f Income arising in Great Britain, by occasion of his or her Departure from Great Britain within the Year for which such Charge was made: Provided also, that in Default of a Certificate upon such Departure, the said Duties may be levied for the Whole of the current Year as any Debt to his Majesty upon Record may be levied by Law, t

produced.for all Sums accrued prior thereto; in which Case the Charge may be vacated on Certificate from the Officer of the Customs at the Port of Departure; but no Subject shall be entitled to vacate such Charge in respect of Income arising in Great Britain within the Year. In Dtnuk cl Certificate, the Duties may be levied as a Debt upon Record to his Majesty,

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 49. 335

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to charge any Lodger in respect of the Amount of any Assessment computed upon the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, for any greater Proportion of the House than what shall be in his or her actual Occupation; and that in every such Case the Part actually occupied by such Lodger shall be considered, for the Purposes of this Act, as t separate and distinct Dwelling House.

No Lodger chargeable in respect of the House Tax, fee. in any greater Proportion than for the Part in his Occupation.

Where the Commissioners shall assess any Person at a greater Amount than that contained in his own Statement* or shall within twelve Months discover that any Increase ought' to be made, they

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where the Commercial Commissioners, or Commissioners acting for any Division, shall assess any Person or Persons at any greater Amount than the Sum delivered in, in the Statement of such Person or Persons 5 or where the said Commissioners shall at any Time within the Space of twelve Calendar Months after such Assessment shall have been made, discover that any Increase ought to be made to such Assessment, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, to charge such Person or Persons for every such Increase beyond the Sums delivered in in such Statement, or the Sum contained in such Assessment, as the Case may require, with a Proportion not exceeding double the Amount by which the Duties with which such Personwould otherwise have been chargeable under or by virtue of the said Acts or this Act, shall have been so encreased; unless such Person or Persons shall make it appear, that the Omission complained of did not proceed from any Fraud, Covin, Art, or

Contrivance whatever, or any gross or wilful Neglect,

70 0 may charge for

such Increase a Proportion not exceeding double the Amount of the Increase, unless it be made appear that the Omission did not proceed from Fraud, &c.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners acting in and for each Di- upon Enquiry vision, upon any Enquiry into the Amount of any income, or of any Deduction to be made from any In- into the Amount come, to summon all High Constables, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, and all Clerks to Com- or of any Deduc- missioners of Land Tax and Supply and Assessed Taxes, and all Collectors, Supervisors, and other Officers tion, the Com-of Excise, or any of them respectively, within the Division of the said respective Commissioners, and also all missionersmay Inspectors and Surveyors, Assessors and Collectors of Assessed Taxes acting fot such Division or any Part thereof, whom the said Commissioners shall judge able to give Evidence of the Amount of Income or reputed Income then under Enquiry, or of the Amount of Deductions to be made thereout; and all Persons so summoned shall attend the Meeting or Meetings of the said Commissioners mentioned in such Summons, and bring with them before the said Commissioners for their Inspection, all such Parochial and other publick Rates and Assessrner.ts, and all Books, Documents, and Papers relating thereto, and all other publick Books,

Documents, and Papers, as to such Commissioners respectively may teem necessary, and which they shall require 5 and it shall also be lawful for such Commissioners to examine upon Oath, or solemn Affirmation, as the Case may require, all such High Constables, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, and Clerks to Commissioners, and all such Collectors, Supervisors, and Officers of Excise, and Inspectors and Surveyors, Assessors and Collectors of Taxes as aforesaid, touching any Matter within the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners in the Execution of the said Acts or this Act, and touching any Matter contained in such Rates or Assessments, or such Books, Documents, and Papers, as may in any way relate thereto, or that may better enable such Commissioners to ascertain the annual Amount of any Income, or which ought to be ascertained or charged to the said Duties, or to the Amount of any Deduction to be made from such Income; and every Person so summoned as aforesaid, who shall neglect tp appear before any such Commissioners, or to bring or produce any such Rates or Assessments, or any Book, Document, or Paper required by any such Commissioners as aforesaid, or to answer to any such Commissioners any Question, on Oath or Affirmation, touching arty Matter relating to the Execution of the said Acts or this Act, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding the Sum of twenty Pounds; and it shall be lawful for any Inspector or Surveyor to inspect at all seasonable Hours, or demand a Copy gratis of any such Rate or Assessment, or any Book,.

Document, of Paper relating to any such Rate or AlleUment, or any other publick Book, Document, or Pape*-, as the respective Commissioners in their respective Divisions, or any two or more of them respectively may" think necessary to further the Enquiry of such Commissioners, or of such Inspectoror Surveyor, in any "S Maimer relating to the Execution of the said Acts or this Act, and which shall be in the Hands of any such surveyors

summon High Constables, Churchwardens, Overseers, Clerks to Commissioners of Land Tax* 8tci who shall bring with them all such Documents as may be required.

The Commissioners may examine High Constables, fee. on Oath.

Persons summoned, neglecting to appear or to bring the Documents required, or to answer on Oath, shall forfeit not exceed-

Oflfcer dr Person aforesaid, whenever the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall authorize any such Inspector or Surveyor so to do, by Writing under their Hands and Seals; and if any such Officer or Person aforesaid shall wilfully neglect, or refuse to permit such Inspection, or to grant such Copy of any such Rate of Assessment, or any Book, Document, or Paper, required by such inspector or Surveyor, under the Authority of this Act, every such Officer or Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds.

or

Surveyors may inspect or demand a Copy gratis, of any such Rate, &c. when authorised by the

Wamnt of two Commissioners. Persons neglecting to permit such Inspection, or to grant such Copy, to forfeit 20l.

Where any Statement has been delivered to any Commissioners or Assessors,? contrary to the Income Acts, or by Mistake, or to Commercial Commissioners ‘by Persons not entitled to be assessed by them* such

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, whenever it shall appear to any of the said respective Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Acts, or to any Commercial Commissioners, that any Statement or Statements hath or have been delivered to them, or to any Assessor or Assessors, contrary to the Directions of the said Acts or this Act, or by Mistake, and contrary to the Intent of the Party, and such Commissioners shall be of Opinion that the Income declared in such Statement ought to be ascertained by other Commissioners, or whenever it shall appear to any Commercial Commissioners, that any Person delivering a Statement to them, is not entitled to be assessed by them, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for such respective Commissioners, and they are hereby respectively required forthwith to transmit such Statement or Statements to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to be by them forthwith sent to the Commissioners to whom such Statement or Statements ought, in the Opinion of the Commissioners transmitting the same, to have been delivered; and the said respective Commissioners to whom such Statements were first delivered, shall cause Notice thereof to be given to or left at the usual Place of

336 C. 49. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

of Abode of the Person or Persons who shall have delivered such Statement or Statements, if the 6me shall be known; and if the same shall not be known by such Commissioners, then for the said Commissioner* of Taxes to cause Notice thereof to be given, in such Manner as they conveniently can, either by Delivery of Notice to the Party or by leaving the same at his or her last or usual Place of Abode, or by publick Advertisement in one or more of the Newspapers or Gazette; and it shall be lawful for the respective

Commissioners to whom any such Statement or Statements shall be transmitted by the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes as aforesaid, and they are hereby required, within a reasonable Time after the Receipt thereof, to proceed to make an Assessment, upon the Person or Persons mentioned in such Statement, in like Manner in every Respect as if such Statement or Statements had been first delivered to them, or to the Assessor or Assessors within the Division of such Commissioners and the proper Commissionei j dial] thereupon make an Assessment upon tho Parties accordingly.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in every Instance in which the Commissioners are authorised by the said Acts, or any of them, to put any Question to an^ Person or Persons relative to his, her, or their Income, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners to put such Question or Questions in Writing, and to demand an Answer accordingly from such Person or Persons, figiied by him, her, or them, and From* Time to Time to issue their Precept or Precepts^ requiring; true and particular Answersxo be given to such Questions; and if at the End c,t the Time or Times limited in such Precept or Precepts, no Answer in Writing shall be given to any such Question so put by the said Commissioners, or an Answer which shall not be 6-tisfadory to the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for them, or any two or more of them, and they are hereby required, (unless the said Commissioners shall be applied to by the Party to proceed to viva voce Examination, in which Case they shall summon the Party accordingly, and proceed to a viva voce Examination, as directed by the said Acts,) according to the best of their Judgment, to settle and ascertain in what Sums such Person or Persons ought to be charged by the said Acts or this Act, and to make an Assessment accordingly.

Commissioners respectively shall transmit the Statements <so the Tax Office, in order to being 4ent to the proper Commit.

Uoners, and Notice thereof shall be given to the Parties;

The Commissioners may ‘ put Questions In Writing, and demand figmd Answers relative to inedme, and issue Precepts-requiring them, and-if not given in the Times limited mqy (unless applied to to proceed to viva Voce Examination) make Assessmenti according torficir Judgment.

Where any PAfon resides in a District wherein he shall rot have Peen before charged for the current Year, the Assessor,

&c. shall leave Notice for him to deliver a frgned Declaration, specifying the Place m which he shall have been assessed, and to produce the Certificate of Assessment, or in Default, to deliver a Statement of his Income, under Penalty of 20l.; and when it shall appear that such Person has not been assisted in any other Place, the Commissioners shall assess him as if he had been resident at the Time of Publication of Notices.

Persons removing without paying the Duties, or leaving sufficient Eflfe&s to pay the same, shall (on the Duties remaining to Days in Arrear) forfeit 20l. and on Certificate from the Tax Office, the Commissioners of the District where the Party resides may issue a Warrant of Distress for the Arrears, and the Remainder of the AflclTracot is the Year and on Failure of Distress, the Arrears, Zee. shall be recoverable as a Debt upon Record to his Majesty.

Appcai^for

XXX. And be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any Persons may have been appointed to be I1 art of a County Commissioners for hearing and determining Appeals for Part of a County or Riding, or of the three Divi*

14* tow

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be resident in any District or Division wherein such Person or Persons shall not have been before charged to the said Duties on Income for the current Year, the Assessor or Assessors, Collector or Collectors, or any Inspector or Surveyor, shall give or leave Notice in Writing to or for every such Person so residing within the Limits for which such Assessors, Collectors, Inspectors, or Surveyors respectively act, to make oot and deliver, within fourteen Days next ensuing the Day of giving of such Notice, a Declaration in Writing finned with his or her proper Name, which Declaration shall specify the Name of the Parish or Place, and County or Counties, wherein such Person shall have been assessed to the said Duties on Income for that Year and also to produce the Certificate of such Assessment, or in Default thereof, to deliver a Statement of his or her Income, for the Purpose of being assessed to the Duties upon Income; and if any such Person as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to make out and sign and deliver such Declaration as aforesaid, within the Time before-mentioned, or shall make any false or untrue Return therein in any Particular thereof, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding the Sum of twenty Pounds; and when, in any such Case, it shall not appear that any such Person or Persons shall have been assessed to the said Duties upon Income in any other Parish or Place, then, and in such Case, it shall be lawful for the respedfive Commissioners adtinz for the said Distridi, and they are hereby required, to proceed to affefe such Person to the said Duties on Income, in like Manner in every Rdpedt as if such Person had been resident in such District at the Time of the Publication of Notices as directed by the said Acts; and if any Person or Persons assessed to the said Duties on Income, shall remove out of the Parish or Place where he, she, or they shall have been assessed to the said Duties, without first paying or discharging all the said Duties upon Income charged upon him. her, or them, which shall then be due and payable, or without leaving in such Parish or Place, sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon the said Duties in Arrear may be raised and levied, and the same shall remain in Arrear and unpaid for the Space of twenty Days after the Time appointed by the said Acts for Payment thereof, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay (over and above the said Duties so left unpaid as aforesaid) the Sum of twenty Pounds: and also in every such Case it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to certify to the Commissioners of the District within which such Person or Persons shall then reside, the whole Amount of the Assessment made upon such Person or Persons, together with the Amount of what may be in Arrear and due thereon; and such last mentioned Commissioners shall thereupon issue a Warrant of Distress for the Recovery of the Whole of the Duty that shall then be in Arrear, together with the whole Amount of the Remainder of the said Assessment for the Year for which such Assessment shall have been made as aforesaid; and if Goods or Chattels cannot be found whereon such Distress can be fully made, then and in every such Case the Whole of such Arrear of Duty, and Remainder of Assessment aforesaid, or such Part thereof as cannot be so levied and collected by Distress as aforesaid shall be recoverable as a Debt upon record to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 49.

fions of the County of Lincoln, it shall be lawful for such Persons, by virtue of such Appointment, to act as such Commissioners in the hearing and determining Appeals arising within any Part of such County or Riding, or of the Divisions in the said County of Lincoln, and to (eictft and arrange amongst themselves for what Part of such County, Riding, or Division, they will so act, giving due Notice thereof to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; provided always, that no such Person shall act as a Commissioner of Appeals, and also as a Commissioner for the Purposes of the said Acts, within the same Part of such County,

Riding, or Division aslaft aforesaid.

&c. according to Arrangements of which Notice ffiallbe given to the Tax Office j hut no Person shall ail as a Commissioner of Appeals, and as a General Commissioner within the same District.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, any Qualification of Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner for the PurpoLs of the said Acts, c r as a Commissioner ^iflioncre^ for hearing and determining Appeals, within or for any of the Counfics at large within the Dominion of cornmhfioners Wales, or in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, who (hr.ll be p.offclfed of a Personal Eftat'jof the like of Appeal ftr Value, or be fefied or possessed of an Estate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the like Nature and* Counties at

of Two-fifths of the Value, as is required as the Qualification of a Commissioner for the Purppfts of the large in Walts said Acts, or of*a Commissioner for hearing and determining Appeals respectively, within and for any other ^ronarEriu-County at large in Great Britain, without being subject to the Penalties in the said Acts contained for acting 0£tjlelike v’l_w without the Qualification therein required in such Cases 3 any Toing in any Act or Acts to the contrary iuC,oraRcai thereof notwithstanding. EiUte of the

like Nature and

two Fifths of the Value required as a Qualification for Counties at large in Great Britain.

[Srr 38 Go, 3. c. 13. §23. ar.de. 22. §3, 4, 5.]

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Provisions or Directions of the said Acts for no- IftheDirections minating and appointing Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Acts, or Commissioners for hearing for appointing^ Appeals, or any of them, shall have been or shall be found, reputed, or deemed inapplicable to any Li- mWlTonm^r berty, Town, or Place in England, or to any Stewartry, Sheriffdom, or Place, or any Part thereof in Scot- Commissioners land, by occasion whereof or for any other Cause such Commissioners shall not have been appointed, or having of Appeals, been appointed shall have declined to act as such Commissioners respectively, in such Liberty, Town, or shall be found Place in England, or in such Stewartry, Borough, or Place in Scotland, it shall be lawful for the Sheriff of in*pph-able to such Liberty, Town, or Place in England, for the Time being, or in case there be no Sheriff, for the

Mayor, Bailiff/Coroner, or Chief Magistrate of such Liberty, Town, or Place in England, for the Time any Stewartry, being, and for the Sheriff* or Sheriff Depute of such Stewartry, Sheriffdom, or Place in Scotland for the Time &c in Scotland, being, and such Officers respectively are hereby required, from Time to Time as often as there shall be and Commif-Occasion, to summon the Persons named in the Commission of the Peace, having Authority to act as !?onerbscnot Justices or Conservators of the Peace within or for such Liberty, Town, or Place in England, or such pointed^13" Stewartry, Sheriffdom, or Place in Scotland; and such Justices or Conservators of the Peace so summoned shall havede-respectively as aforesaid, shall* if in England, feled a sufficient Number of Persons qualified as required by dined to act, the said Acts in the Cases of Towns in England, not being Counties of themselves, and if in Scotland, the Sheriff, &c. shall feled the like Number of Persons qualified as required by the said Acts in the Cases of Stewartries in Scotland, to be Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Acts, for such Liberty, Town, or Place in the

England, or such Stewartry, Sheriffdom, or Place in Scotland: and also a sufficient Number of Persons, Commission of qualified as required by the said Acts, in the Cases of Counties in England, and Shires and Stewartries in the Peace, who Scotland respectively to be Commissioners for hearing and determining Appeals therein respectively; which ^all /tle& a Persons shall be so selected from the Lists of Persons so qualified, which shall be prepared and laid before them at such Meeting by the respective Officers hereby required to summon such Persons, (and which Lists t‘ b° commis-every such Officer is hereby required to prepare and make out and lay before such Persons at such Meet- /ioners, from ing,) with Power for the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes in England, and the Barons of the Ex- the Lists of chequer in Scotland, at the Request of any Person so qualified, to require his and their Name and Names to be inserted therein, and also for such Persons to feled a sufficient Number of Persons also so qualified to sup- by the°re ply Vacancies arising therein from Time to Time; and if the Persons present at the said Meeting or Meet- officers7re-ings shall not find in any such Lists sufficient Numbers of Persons qualified to be Commissioners, they quired tofum-shall (elect such Number of Persons so qualified from any adjoining County in England, or Shire or mbn such Per-Stewartry in Scotland; and the Names of such Persons (hr.il be returned to the Commissioners for the Af- *?ns> the fairs of Taxes, and such Persons who shall be so selected shall be Commissioners respectively for the Pur- so^e1s°^rs posts of the said Acts, and for hearing and determining Appeals, in the Order in which their Names shall England, and be returned as aforesaid. Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, at the Request of any qualified Person, may require his Name to be inserted therein, and if a sufficient Number be not found they shall Lied: them from any adjoining County or Stewartry, and the Names of the Persons shall be returned to the Tax Office.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall happen that the Acts relating to the said When the in-E>uties upon Income cannot be executed in any Year previous to the Time appointed for the Payment of the first or any subsequent Instalment of the said Duties, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners who previous to the shall have made any Assessment after the Period appointed for any such Payment, (which they are hereby Time of paying declared to be competent to do whenever the same shall be necessary,) to settle and adjust at what Time any instalment and in what Proportions the Instalment or Instalments, of which the Time or Times (or Payment shall the Commif-then have elapsed, shall be paid, in such Manner as to them shall appear just and reasonable; Regard being Jj^ave made had to the Amount of such Assessment, and the Number of Days appointed (or the Payment of Instalments any Assessment then to come in such Year. at ter the Period

appointed for any Payment, may settle at what Time and in what Proportions the Instalments clue shall be paid.

or Riding, or of the three Division3 of Lincolnshire, may ad [as such, cr as general Can-irtglcrcr: j with' in any Part of such County,

338 C. 49. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Every Court 1 «ving Controul ovtr any Income charge Su le to Duties, may appoint proper Ptifons with Salar.es, with the Approbation of the Treasury (to be paid out of the Duties) to make «ut and deliver to the Commissioners fer executing the Income Acts, or the Commercial Commissioners, Statements of such Income.

Persons so appointed 111 all make out Statements as soon as can be conveniently done,

and deliver

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for every Court of Equity, or other Court having the Direction and Controul over any Income chargeable to the said*Duties on Income, whether such Income shall be under the Controul and Direction of any such Court by reason of any Suit depending therein in respect of such Income, or of any Property from which any such Income shall arise, or whether the same shall belong to any Infant, Lunatick, or other Person or Persons, to appoint some proper Person or Persons, with such Assistants, as may by any such Court be deemed necessary, and with such respective Sa<-laries or Rewards as to such respective Courts shall, with the Consent and Approbation of the Comtnif- sioners of the Treasury, seem reasonable and fit; and which Salaries and Rewards such Commi(Boilers of the Treasury, or any three or more of them for the Time being, are hereby, authorised from Time to Time to direct the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, or any Receiver General, as maybe moil convenient, to advance and pay out of the Duties granted on Income, received or receivable by them respectively, and for Payment of which the Order of such Commissioners of the Treasury as aforesaid shall be a sufficient Voucher- and Discharge, to make out and deliver to the respective Commissioners for the Purpose of the said Acts and this Act, or to the Commercial Commissioners, as the Case may require, acting f6r the respective Districts within which such Courts shall respectively fit. Statements of all such Incomes as aforesaid; and the Persons so respectively appointed as aforesaid shall, as soon after they shall be so appointed as the same can conveniently be done, make out such Statements, and from Time to Time, in making out the same, take the Direction of the Court, under the Direction and Controul whereof any such Income shall be, and deliver the same to such respective Commissioners as aforesaid; and the respective Commissioners to whom any such Statement shall be delivered, shall thereupon proceed to assess all such Income as aforesaid, and shall, as soon after such Assessment shall have been made as aforesaid as the same can be done, cause the same to be transmitted to the respective Courts having the Direction and Controul of such Income as aforesaid, in order that such Courts respectively may give such Directions therein as may be necessary for the Payment of such Assessments.

them to the Commissioner?, who shall make the Assessments, and transmit them to the respectivr Courts, that Directions may bt given for Payment*

Such Parts of the said Acts as require terrain Forms of Notices for and Returns of Income to be de-

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That so much and such Parts of the said Acts as require certain Forms of Notices for and Returns of Income to be delivered by Assessors, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and that, from and after the passing of this Act, such Forms for Notices and Returns shall be delivered from Time to Time as shall be requisite, and so as to be conformable to the Provisions of the said Acts and this Act, and the true Intent and Meaning thereof.

livered by Assessors, repealed 5 and such Forms shall be dcjhrered from Time to Time as shall "be requisite.

This Act to extend to Corporations, See,

Persons assessed in one Division, and again in another, may ap-yly to the fe-vual Commissioners for Relief; and the Commissioners for the District where the Party was first afftflVd shallgratis, certify the Amount ct his Assessment there; upon Production of winch to

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Matters and Things in this A £F contained*, relating to any Person or Persons liable to be assessed to the said Duties upon Income, shall be applied to, and the same are hereby declared to extend to all Bodies* Corporations, Companies, Fraternities, and Societies whatever, as far as any such Matters and Things can be or are applicable to any Bodies, Corporation?, Companies* Fraternities, or Societies, in like Manner in every Respect as if such Matters had been expressly extended to such Bodies, Corporations, Companies, Fraternities, or Societies.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person or Persons shall have been or shall be assessed, in one Division or Place, to the Duties on his, her, or their Income, and shall have been, or shall be again assessed in another Division or Place for the same Income, or any Part thereof, it fhtdl be lawful for such Person or Persons to apply to the Commissioners acting for the several Parishes or Places in which such Person or Persons shall have been so act'efled as aforesaid, for the Purpose of being relieved from such Double Assessment; and the Commissioners, acting for the Division or Place Within which such Person or Persons shall have been first afielled to the said Duties, shall upon, such Application give, or cause to be given, a Certificate under the Hands of any two of such Commissioners of the Amount of the Assessment there made, with the Particulars of the Income there assessed -y which Certificate shall be given gratis \ upon the Production of which Certificate to the Commissioners of any other Division Qr Place within which such Person or Persons shall have beeir assessed in respect of the same Income, or any Part thereof, such Commissioners shall, upon being satisfied that such Person or Persons has or have been so doubly assessed as aforesaid, cause the Assessment made in such Division or Place to be vacated, so as that such Person or Persons may not remain charged by more than one Asscflinent for the same Income.

the other Commissioners they shall cause their Assessment to be vacated.

The Owners of

Iloflging Houses chargeable for the Parts they occupy, and for the Profits anf-ing from the l^rts let out.

Person* holding perpetual Curacies not to be charged in respect of Stipends paid (or dcing lU Duty.

XXXVIII. And whereas Doubts have arisen in what Manner the Income arising from Houses kept determined by 1 the Owners for the Purpose of being let out wholly or in Part in Lodgings, ought to be charged under the said recited Acts ;* be it declared and further enacted, That the Owner of any such House shall he chargable for such House, or such Part thereof only which shall be actually occupied by him or her, for his or her own Use; and that for such House, or such Part thereof which shall be let out in Lodgings, or kept for that Purpose, the Owner thereof shall be chargeable in respect of the Income arising from the Profits made thereby.

XXXIX. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether Persons having or holding any perpetual Curacy should be charged to the said Duties upon Income, in respect of any Stipend paid to a Curate; be it therefore enacted, That no Person having or holding any perpetual Curacy shall be charged in respect of any Stipend which he shall pay to any Curate or Curates for doing the Duty, or any Part of the Duty of such perpetual Curacy.

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 49, 50.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners acting in the Execution of any Act or Acts relating to Duties upon Income, to hear and determine any Offence against the same, which subjects the Offender to any pecuniary Penalty, in like Manner in every Respect, and by all such Powers and Authorities, Ways and Means, as any Justice of the Peace might have exercised and used in pursuance or by virtue of the said Aifts or any of them; and every such Penaky that shall be adjudged by such Commissioners in pursuance of any such Act or Acts pr this Act, against any Person who shall have been or shall be liable to be assessed to the Duties granted by the said Acts, in respect of his or her Income, shall be added by such Commissioners to the Assessment of the Person who shall have forfeited the same, it such Penalty shall be forfeited within the District within which the final Assessment upon such rerson shall have been or is to be made in pursuance of this Act; or if such Penalty shall be forfeited in any other District, then and in every such Case, the Commissioners by whom such Penalty shall be adjudged, shall certify the Conviction thereof to the Commissioners of the District by whom the final Assessment upon such Person shall have been or is to be made, and such Commissioners shall forthwith add the same to the final Assessment upon such Person, and such Penalty shall be levied and collected therewith and as Part of the said Assessment; subject nevertheless to such Distribution of the Penalty so levied, and to4 the like Costs as by the said Acts, or any of them, is or are directed.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions of the said A 6b, or any of them, except where the same are expressly varied by this Act, shall, in the Execution of this Act, be severally applied and construed, in like Manner as if the said Provisions were severally and specially enacted in this Act; and all and every the Provisions of this Act shall, in the Execution of the fair] recited Acts, be (eve-rally applied and construed ip like Manner as if the same Provisions severally formed a Part of the said Acts, and were specially enacted therein.

---

[Act may be altered or repealed this Session.]

XLII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions herein contained, may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. L.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons and to Houses of Correction.

[20th June 1800.]

---

WHEREAS idle and disorderly Persons frequently assemble and associate themselves to support and assist each other in the Destruction of Game in the Night, and are, if interrupted, guilty of great

Violence by shooting, manning, and beating to the great Terror of his Majesty's Subjects, and to the Encouragement of Idleness and Immorality: and such Practices are found by Experience to lead

to the Commission of Crimes and Felonies For the Suppression Suppression thereof, May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Persons to the Number of two or more shall, after the passing of this Act, enter into or be found in any Forest, Chafe, Park, Wood, Plantation, Pad-deck, Field, Meadow, or other open or inclosed Ground, in the Night, that is to say, between the Hours of eight of the Clock at Night and fix in the Morning from the first Day of Oelder to the first Day of February, or between the Hours of ten at Night and four in the Morning from the first Day of February to the first Day of October in each and every Year, having any Gun, Net, Engine, or other Instrument for the Purpose and with the Intent to destroy, take, or kill, or shall wilfully destroy, take, or kill, any Hare, Pheasant, Partridge, Heath Fowl commonly called Black Game, or Grouse commonly called Red Game, or any other Game; or if any Person or Persons shall be found with any Gun, Fire Arms, Bludgeon, or with any other offensive Weapon, proteding, aiding, abetting, or assisting any such Persons as aforesaid; it shall and may be lawful to and for the Ranger and Rangers, and to and for the Owner and Owners, Occupier and Occupiers of any such Fortft, Chafe, Park, Wood, Plantation, Paddock, Field, Meadow, or other open or inclosed Ground, and also for his, her, or their Keeper and Keepers, Servant and Servants, and also for any other Person or Persons, to seize and apprehend, or to assist in seizing and apprehending such Offender or Offenders, by virtue of this Act, and by the Authority of the same to convey and deliver such Offender or Offenders into the Custody of a Peace Officer, who is hereby authorised and directed to convey such Offender or Offenders before some one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Offence shall be alleged to have been committed; or in case such Offender or Offenders shall not be so apprehended, then it shall and may be lawful for any such Justice, on Information before him on the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses, to issue his Warrant for the Apprehension of such Offender or Offenders: and if, upon the Apprehension of any such Offender or Offenders, it shall appear to such Justice of the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses, that the Person or Persons so charged hath or have been guilty of any or either of the said Offences, every such Person shall be deemed and taken to be a Rogue and a Vagabond, within the true Intent and Meaning of an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues and Vagabonds, and ether idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction, and shall suffer such Pains and Punishments as are directed to be inflicted by any Law or Statute

;y

339

The Commissioners for executing t'.irr Income Acts rmy determine Offences, subj tiling to pecuniary Penalties as justices of the Peace might, and the Penalty Hi all be ad fed to the AfTclT-inenf, and collect d therewith.

Recited Income Atls, (except where varied by this) and this Act shall be con ft til'd together at, one Act

Persons to the Number of two

or more inund in any Foreit, &c. at the Times herein specified, having any Gun or Engine with Intent to kul or take Game, or Persons aiding with ofttnkvc Weakens, may I c apprctu nd«.d, and on Conviction before a Juitiic shall he d^tmec! Ko ues ar d Vagabond* within the Meaning of jy Geo. 1. c 5-&c.

38 Geo. 3. c. 76.

On Return of ^ny Vessel from the Greenland and Davis’s Streights, the Blubber may be boiled into Oil, and admitted to Entry;

as may Blubber imported in any Vessel employed in the said Fishery since June 28, J798.

From May ij, 180c,the Duty imposed byre-cited Adfc on Opium repealed, except Arrears;

and in ft cad thereof 3l. for evuy 100l. in Value of Opium imported shall be paid. The Value of Opium jo be ascertained, and the Duty to be Dvied, as di-r.cte- by rc-

---

340 C. 50, 51. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

in force and Effect on Rogues and Vagabonds; and in case any Person or Persons being so convicted shall again offend against any of the Provisions of this Act, such Person or Persons shall be deemed and taken to be an incorrigible Rogue, and shall suffer such Pains and Punishments as by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect are directed to be inflicted on incorrigible Rogues.

CAP. LI.

An Act to permit Blubber from the Greenland Fishery and Davis's Streights to be boiled into Oil after the Arrival of the Ships from the Fishery, and for charging the Duty thereon; for altering the Convoy Duty now payable on the Importation of Opium; for repealing the Duties on the Importation of Oil of Turpentine and Tar, and charging other Duties in lieu thereof; for exempting Burr Stones, and Stones used for the Purpose of paving or the making or mending of Roads, from the Duties charged thereon when carried Coastwise; for obliging Masters of Ships laden with Tobacco to remove the same from their Moorings when their Cargoes are discharged; and for extending Bonds given on licensing Ships, Vessels, or Boats, to all Cases wherein Ships, Vessels, or Boats may be liable to Forfeiture.

[20th June 1800.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

[38 Geo. 3. c. 76.]

---

intituled, An Act for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage of certain Ships entering outwards or inwards to or from foreign Parts, until the signing the Preliminary Articles of Peace; amongst other Things a Duty of Sixteen Shillings and ten-pence per Ton is imposed on the Importation of Oil or Blubber: And whereas it is the Practice on board Ships or Vessels employed in the Southern Whale Fishery to boil the Blubber (being the Produce of Whales and other Creatures caught and taken in the said Fishery) during the Voyage, and to import the Oil only into Great Britain, which Practice is not observed on board Ships or Vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery; in consequence whereof the Importers of Blubber in the said last mentioned Fishery are liable to pay as much Duty for the Blub- ber as the Importers pay for the Oil in the said first mentioned Fishery; and it is therefore expedient that the Blubber (beine the Produce of Whales and other Creatures living in the Sea, caught and taken in the said Fishery) mould be permitted to be boiled into Oil, and afterwards to pay Duty accordingly;* be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful, upon the Return of any Ship or Vessel from the Greenland Seas or Davis's Streights, with any Blubber, being the Produce of Whales or other Creatures living in the Seas, caught and taken in the said Fishery, to boil such Blubber, under the Care and Inspection of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, into Oil, and afterwards such Oil shall be admitted to Entry, and the Duties thereon paid, according to the Laws now in force 3 any Act or Acts of Parliament, or Custom or Usage, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Blubber has been imported into Great Britain in any Ship or Vessel employed in the said Fishery flnee the twenty-eighth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and such Blubber has afterwards been boiled into Oil, such Oil shall be admitted to Entry, and shall be charged with Duty agreeably to the Regulations and Directions of this Act.

III. And whereas by the said Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty- amongst other Things,a Duty of one Shilling and two-pence Halfpenny the Pound Weight is imposed on the Importation of Opium: And whereas it is expedient to repeal the said Duty on Opium, and to im- pose in lieu thereof a Duty of three Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of such Opium imported ’ be it therefore enacted, That from and after the eleventh Day of May one thousand eight hundred, the Duty imposed by the said recited Act on Opium imported into this Kingdom shall be, and the same is hereby repealed (save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any Time before-the passing of this Act).

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the eleventh Day of May one thousand eight hundred, in lieu and instead of the said Duty hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in ready Money, without any Discount whatever, upon the Importation of Opium into this Kingdom, a Duty of Customs of three Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the true and rest Value of such Opium so imported.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Value of such Opium so imported shall be ascertained by such Rules and Re gulations, and shall be subject and liable to such and the like Conditions, Restrictions, Forfeitures, and Fenaitics, as are prescribed, directed, and imposed by the said recited Act, in the Case of Goods imported, into this Kingdom, and thereby subject to Duty according to the Value thereof; and that the Duties by inis Act imposed shall be managed, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, recovered,

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 51. 341

appropriated, and applied, in such and the like Manner,' and in and by fhelike Ways, Means, or Methods, cited Act, in as the Duties of Customs imposed on Goods imported im > this Kingdom, and which are subject to Duty the Case of according to the Value thereof*, are by the said recited Act managed, raised, levied, collected, anfymed, paid, secured, recovered, appropriated, and applied. valorem*

[&<r 38 Geo. 3. c. 76. §16 - 23.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall have Continuance with respect to the said Duty imposed on Opium during such Time as the said recited Act shall remain in so» ce, and no longer.

VII. And whereas it is expedient that the Duties payable on the Importation of Oil of Turpentine should be repealed, and new Duties imposed in lieu thereof, except so much of the said Duties as are payable by virtue of the hud Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty / be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred, the Duties now payable by Law on the Importation of Oil of Turpentine, except so much of the said Duties as are payable by virtue of the said recited Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

shall be, and the same are hereby repealed: (save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any Time before the passing of this Act).

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred, in lieu and instead of the said Duties hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in ready Money, without any Discount whatever, upon the Importation of Oil of Turpentine into this Kingdom, a Duty of Customs of Two-pence Halfpenny the Pound Weight, and so in Proportion for any greater or k fs Quantity.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties upon Oil of Turpentine shall be subject and liable to the additional Duty of five Pounds t>sr Centum thereon, payable upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported, by virtue of an Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting to his Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into, exported from, or brought and carried Coastwise within Great Britain, and for other Purposes; and shall also be fu'ojed and liable to the further additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum thereon, payable upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported by virtue of another AcV, passed in the thirty seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting to his Majesty additional Duties of Customs on Goods,

Wares, and Merchandize imported into, exported from, or carried Coastwise in this Kingdom, and for other Purposes.

X. And whereas it is expedient that the Duties payable on the Importation, and the Drawbacks allowed on the Exportation of Tar, should be repealed, except so much of the said Duties as are payable by virtue of the said Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and that new Duties should be imposed, and Drawbacks allowed in lieu thereof*/ be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred, the Duties now payable by Law on the Importation of Tar, except so much of the said Duties as are payable by virtue of the said recited Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed, and the Drawbacks now allowed by Law, on the Exportation of Tar, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed: (save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering, paying, or allowing, any Arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any Time before the passing of this Act).

XI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred, in lieu and instead of the said Duties hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in ready Money, without any Discount whatever, upon the Importation of Tar, the following Duties of Customs, and foin Proportion for any greater;or less Quantity; and on the Exportation of such Tar to foreign Parts there shall be allowed the following Drawbacks, and so in Proportion for any greater or left Quantity j that is to say.

Continuance of the Duty.

From July 5,

1800, the Import Duties on Oil of Turpentine, except those payable under recited Act, repealed

and instead thereof a Duty of 2d. iq. per lb. shall be paid.

The new Duties on Oil of Turpentine shall be subject to the additional Duty of -5l. per Cent, and 5l. per Cent, granted by 37 Geo. 3. c. 15. and 37 Geo. 3. c. no

From July 5, 1800*the Duties payable on Tar imported* and the Drawbacks allowed on Exportation, (except those payable and allowed under 38 Geo. 3. c. 36.) repealed j

and instead thereof the followi shall be paid and allow* ed.

Duties. Drawbacks.

£ s. d.

0 9. 4 '4~ 00 O

O O O 00 0

083 073

Tar, not being the Product of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown of Great Britain, videlicet, imported in a British-built Ship, the Last containing twelve Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding thirty-one Gallons and a Half Tar imported in a foreign Ship, the Last containing twelve Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding thirty-one Gallons and a Haif -

Tar of the Product o( any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown of Great Britain, the Last containing twelve Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding thirty-one Gallons and a Half -

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties upon Tar shall be subject and liable to the additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum thereon, payable upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported by virtue of an Act, passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting to his Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into, exported from, or brought and carried Coastwise within Great Britain, and for other Purposes; and shall also be subject and liable to the further additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum thereon, payable upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported by virtue of another Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting to his Majesty additional Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares, and

Drawbacks.

The Duties on Tar shall be subject to the additional Duty ol* 5l. ptr Cent, and 5l. per Cent, granted by 37 Geo. 3. c. lj. |nd 37

Geo. 3. c. no*

3+2

The Duties and Drawbacks tinder this Act shall be managed, levied, and allowed as flic former, and the Powers of »70to. 3. c. 13. and all other for secur* ring the Revenue of Customs shall extend, to tliil A it.

3+Cro. 3. c. ji.

Fujt and Paving Stones, and Stones for mending Roads, shall be exempted from the Duty imposed by recited Act, if accompanied with the usual Coast Dispatches, and provided the Conditions herein mentioned

But Stone so exempted shall he subject to the Regulations prescribed by recited Act.

U 6, 7 ]

31G10. 3. c 47. 29 Geo. 3. C. 68.

/- soon a* VcuUs ladtn

C. 5t.

Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Merchandize imported into, exported from, or carried Coastwise in this Kingdom, and for other Purposes.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties hereby imposed, and the Drawbacks allowed, shall and may be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, recovered, appropriated, applied, and allowed, in such and the like Manner, and in and by such and the like Ways, Means, or Methods by which the Duties of Customs hereby repealed on the like Goods, Wares, or Merchandize imposed and payable by an Act, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, recovered, appropriated, applied, and allowed; and the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so by this Act made chargeable with the said Duties, and on which the said Drawbacks are allowed, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to which any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, upon which any Duties of Customs are imposed and payable, or any Drawbacks are allowed, were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions therein contained, shall, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution, for and in respect of the Duties hereby charged, and the Drawback hereby allowed, as far as the same are applicable thereto, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if ail and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XIV. And whereas by an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Slate, Stone, and Marble, amongst other Things certain Duties are imposed upon all Stone, the Production ot Great Britain, (except as therein provided,) which shall be brought Coastwise by Sea from any Port or Place within the Kingdom of Great Britain to any other Port, or to any Place within the Limits of any other Port within the said Kingdom; and it is also amongst other Things in the said Act provided that any Stone cut or manufactured into Mill Stones, or manufactured Stone used for the Purposes of Husbandry, shall not be charged with the Duty thereby imposed on Stone the Production of Great Britain: And whereas it is expedient that all Stone cut or manufactured into Burr Stones, and all Stones used for the Purpose ot paving, or for the Purpose of making or mending Roads, should be exempt from the Payment of Duty \ be it therefore enacted, That all Stones whatever, cut or manufactured into Burr Stones, and all Stones used for the Purpose of paving, or for the Purpose of making or mending Roads, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be, exempt from the Duty by the said recited Act upon Stone the Production of Great Britain, provided the same shall be accompanied with the usual Coast Dispatches, as in Case of Goods carried Coastwise free of Duty; and that the Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees thereof, shall, previous to the same being unshipped or landed from on board the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall have been brought Coastwise, make, with the proper Officer of the Customs at the Port or Place where the same shall be brought Coastwise, a regular Entry of such Goods, and shall make Oath thereon before the said Officer, who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same, that such Goods are of the Denomination or Description aforesaid; and, with respect to paving Stones, that the same are intended for the Purposes of being made use of in paving or making or mending of Roads only.

be complied with s

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Stone exempt from Duty by this Act shall be subject and liable to such and the like Conditions, Restrictions, Forfeitures, and Penalties as are prescribed, directed, and imposed by the said recited Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if all the Clauses, Powers, Directions, and Authorities of the said recited Act, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XVI. And whereas by an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty to prevent other Ships than tho'e laden with Tobacco from mooring and discharging their Lading at the Places appointed by an Act, passed in the twenty ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof and for other Purposes, it is amongst other Things enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Ship or Vessel, other than such Ships as shall be laden in the Whole or in Part with Tobacco, to be moored, or the Lading thereof discharged, at or within the Limits of any of the Places appointed, or to be appointed, for the mooring of Ships laden with Tobacco; and in case any Ship or Vessel shall be moored, or the Lading thereof discharged, contrary to this Act, the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or 4 'Command of such Ship or Vessel, and wilfully offending herein, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds: And whereas the Provisions of the said recited Act are not sufficient to prevent Inconvenience to the Masters of Ships or Vessels laden with Tobacco, for Want of its being expressly declared, that after Ships or Vessels laden with Tobacco have discharged their Cargo, such Ships or Vessels shall be removed from the Mooring Places to make Room for other Ships or VeiTe’s which may arrive with Tobacco for the Purpose of discharging their Cargoes / for Remedy thereof be it enacted, That as soon as conveniently may be after Ships or Vessels, laden in the Whole or in Part with Tobacco,

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 51, 52. 343

have regularly discharged their Cargoes respectively, such Ships or Vessels shall be removed from the Place or Places appointed for the mooring of Ships or Vessels. laden with Tobacco; and in case the Matter or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel shall omit, negletft, or refuse to remove such Ship or Vessel from such Mooring Place or Places, such Matter or other Person shall for each and every Offence fdrfeitthe Sum of twenty Pounds.

XVII. And whereas by an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and several other Acts, certain Ships, Vessels, and Boats therein particularly described, are in certain Cases subject to Forfeit- ure, unless the Owner thereof shall have a Licence for navigating the same, as therein directed, from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time being, or any Person authorised by them to grant the same 1 And whereas the Owner of every Ship, Vessel, or Boat, so licensed, is required to give certain Security, as in the said Acts directed, before such Ship, Vessel, or Boat should proceed to Sea, or sail out of any Port, Harbour, or Creek, in this Kingdom: And whereas it is expedient that the Terms and Conditions of such Security should be extended to all Cases wherein such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, may be forfeited or liable to Forfeiture for or on account of any Offence contrary to or in Breach of any Acts or Act of Parliament now in force; and that, over and above the Security in the said Acts directed, further Security should be given* by Bond in Manner directed by the said Acts by the said Owner before any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall proceed to Sea, or fail out of any Port, Harbour, or Creek, in this Kingdom* that such Ships, Vessels, and Boats, shall not be used or employed in hovering within the Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, or within four Leagues of the Coast thereof, or in any other Manner, or in any Trade or Employment whatever, contrary to Law :r Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Owner of every Ship, Vessel, or Boat, which shall be licensed in pursuance of the said recited Act, or any subsequent Act or Acts of Parliament, shall, before any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall proceed to Sea, or fail out of any Port, Harbour, or Creek, in this Kingdom, give Security by Bond, in the Manner directed by the said recited Acts respectively, that such Ships, Vessels, and Boats, shall not be found at Anchor, or hovering within the Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, or within four Leagues of the Coast thereof, nor discovered to have been within the said Limits or Distance contrary to the said recited Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and also that such Ship, Vessel, or Boat shall not be found within the Distances and Situations particularly described and set forth in an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty *, for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as directs, that no Cambrick or Lawn shall be imported from Ireland, and for making more effectual an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and for other Purposes, contrary to the Directions and Provisions of the said recited Act; and also, that such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall not be employed, or be found or discovered to have been out of the Limits within which such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall or may be licensed to navigate or trade, contrary to the Directions and Provisions of an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty f, for making further Provisions in regard to such Vessels as are particularly described in an Act, made in the twenty-iourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and for extending the said Act to other Vessels and Boats not particularly described therein, and for other Purposes; and also that such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall not be engaged for or used in any Trade or Employment whatever, other than that defer:bed and set forth in the Licence of such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, contrary to an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty J, to prevent Vessels licensed by the Admiralty from being engaged in any Trade or Employment not permitted by their Licences; and also that such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall not be used or employed in any other Way or Manner whatever, contrary to the Laws in force relating to the Revenue of Customs on and immediately before the passing of this Act.

with Tobacco shall have discharged their Cargoes, they shall be removed from the Mooring Places on Penalty of 20U

04. Geo. 3.

Self. 2. c. 47.

---

CAP. LII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

[20th June 1800.]

---

Sum to be raised 826,250l. Number of Tickets 60,000, at 13 /. 157. 5 d. each Amount of the Prizes, to be paid out of any Supplies granted this Session. §4.

§. 1. 500,000l. the

7,393 Prize Tickets,

viz. one of 30,000/ one of 20,000l. two of 10,000l. four of 5000l. five of 2000l. ten of 1000l. sixteen of 500l. fifty-four of 100/ one hundred of 50l. seventeen thousand two hundred of 18 A with 10,000l. to the first drawn Ticket on the 25th Day of drawing; 20,000l. to the first-drawn on the 29th Day; and 30,000l. to the first-drawn on the 33d Day; and 2000l. to the first-drawn on the 4prh Day; making in the Whole 500,000l. §9. Lottery to begin drawing on March 2, 1801. §10. Tickets to begin delivering July 14, 1800. §16. The 500,000l. for the Payment of the Fortunate Tickets, to be charged on any Supplies granted this Session; and shall be paid to the Proprietors without any Deduction, on Aug. 1, 1801, &c.

The Owner of

every VessW licenced under the recited Act; ChalJ, be lore it fails, give Bond -that the same shall not be found within certain Limits herein specified;

[C. JO.]

[fc. 32.1

and also that the Vessel ChalJ not be engaged in arty other Trade or Employment than what is set forth in the Licence, Sec

[t c. 33. $ II,

3-J

34+ '

Where Publick Accountants die or go out of Office indebted to fiis Majesty 500l. or upwards, the proper Officer shall compute Interest at 5 per Cent, on the Balance, and give the Party or his Representative Notice of the Amount of bo tit.

Parties thinking themselves aggrieved by Charge of Interest, may within fix Monthbapply to the Court of Exchequer j but no

---

344 C. 53, 54. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

CAP. LIII.

An Act for granting a Bounty on the Importation of Rye, until the fifteenth Day of October one thousand eight hundred.

[20th June 1800.]

'WHEREAS it is expedient that Encouragement should be given to the Importation of Rye into this Kingdom, for a limited Time;' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[A Bounty granted on Rye imported before Oct. 1, 1800.]

That, from and after the passing of this Act, for Rye imported or brought into this Kingdom in British Ships or Vessels, or in Ships or Vessels belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, however the same may be navigated, there shall be paid and allowed the following Bounty; (that is to say,) whenever the Average Price of Rye, ascertained and published in the London Gazette under the Authority of any Act or Acts Of Parliament, shall be less than sixty-five Shillings per Quarter, a Bounty equal to the Difference of such Average Price and such Rate of sixty five Shillings shall be paid on every Quarter of Rye which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain before the first Day of October one thousand eight hundred.

---

"Bounty to be paid according to the Average Price of Rye published in the London Gazette the second Week after its Importation. §2.

[as under §2. of c. 20. of this SeJJ'um, ref petting Wheat.] Bounty to be under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs. Entry to be made at the Port of Ini porta-<c tion, and Proof given that the Rye is free from Mixture. §3.

[as under §4. of c. 29.] No Bounty to be allowed unless the Rye is imported at certain Ports. §4.

[The Ports named in c. 29. §5 ] Rye imported, to be inspecied by the Officers of the Customs and two skilful Persons, v/noare to certify whether it is merchantable and fit for making Meal. $ 5.

[as under §4. of c. 35. of this Session.] Recompenceto be made the Inspectors, 1 d, per Quarter. §6. Commissioners of Customs may pay Bounty on Rye imported before Obt. 15, 1800, on Proof of the Vessels having failed at such Times, that they might in the ordinary Course of their Voyage have arrived before Oct. ift. §7. Vessels arriving at a Port where the *4 Bounty is not allowed, may fail to one where it is. §8.

[as under §5, 6, 7, of c. 35. of this Session.] Continuance of Act till Oct. 15, 1800. §9. Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §10."

---

CAP. LIV.

An Act for more effectually charging Publick Accountants with the Payment of Interest; for allowing Interest to them in certain cases; and for compelling the Payment of Balances due from them.

[20th June 1800.]

'WHEREAS it is expedient to provide more effectually, in certain cases, for charging Publick Accountants with the Payment of Interest upon Publick Monies received by and due from them:' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[

That in all Cases where any Person employed in the Collection or Receipt of any Part of his Majesty's Revenues, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, die, or go out of Office, being indebted to his Majesty at that Time, inre-spedl of his said Office, to the Amount of five hundred Pounds or upwards, the proper Officer or Officers to whom it does or may belong by Law to ascertain the Balance due to his Majesty, and demandable from such Person or his lawful Representative or Representatives, shall compute Interest, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon the Whole of such Balance, from three Months next after the Time of such Person going out of Office, or from twelve Months next after the Death of such Person (as the Case may be), unto the* Day of ascertaining such Balance; and the said Officer or Officers shall thereupon forthwith cause a Notice in Writing to be given to such Person, or his lawful Representative or Representatives, or his or their Agent, speci lying the Amount of such Balance, and also of such Charge for Interest; the total Amount of which said Balance and Interest shall and may be sued for and recovered, by such Process, and in such Manner, as any other Debt due to his Majesty, together with Interest thereon, to be computed in such Manner as herein* after directed: Provided nevertheless, That if such Accounting Party, or his Representative or Representatives, shall think himself or themselves aggrieved by such Charge for Interest, it shall and may be lawful for him or them to apply (within iix Months froip receiving such Notice,) to his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Weshninjiery by Motion in open Court; which Court shall proceed to hear and determine the said Matter, and allow or disallow the said Charge for Interest, in the Whole or in Parr, as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable: Provided also, That no such Proceeding Touching such Charge for Interest shall prevent or delay the filing for or recovering the Balance aforesaid, exclusive of such Interest, in such Manner as the same might heretofore have been lued for or recovered.

Aich Proceeding shall prevent recovering Balances, exclusive of Interest.

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 54. 345

II. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Person or Persons (halt nevertheless neglect to apply Within the said Period of six Months to the said Court of Exchequer, in Manner aforesaid, or if upon Application to the said Court the said Charge for Interest or any Part thereof shall be allowed by the said Court of Exchequer, thereupon the aforesaid Officer or Officers to whom it does or may belong by Law to ascertain the said original Balance, shall, from and after the Expiration of the said Period of six Months* or upon the Determination of the said Court, (as the Case may be,) proceed to compute a further Sum, at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, for Interest upon the Amount of the said Charge for Interest, or upon lb much thereof as shall have been allowed by the said Court, from the Time when the said Balance was so ascertained as aforesaid, until the Expiration of the said Period of six Months, (in case no Application shall have been made within that Time to the said Court of Exchequer,) or until such Application (hailhave been finally disposed of by the said Court (as the Case may be); which said further Sum so computed for intermediate Interest shall be added to the Amount of the said Charge for Interest* (or so much thereof as (halt have been allowed by the said Court,) and shall together therewith become a Debt due to his Majesty, his. Heirs and Successors, to be sued for and recovered accordingly.

III. And be it further enacted, That the aggregate Amount of the said original Balance so ascertained as aforesaid, and of the Charge for Interest thereon, shall bear Interest after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the Time when the said Balance was so ascertained as aforesaid, until the same shall have been paid by or recovered from the said accounting Party, or his lawful Representative or Representatives; and in case the said Balance shall have been paid, then and in that Case the aggregate Amount of the said Charge for Interest, or so much thereof as shall have been allowed by the said Court, and of the further Interest thereon, so directed to be computed and added thereto as aforesaid, shall in like Manner bear Interest at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the Expiration of the said Period of six Months, or Determination of the said Court of Exchequer, until the same shall have been paid by or recovered from the said Party or his lawful Representative or Representatives; the Amount of which growing Interest shall in either Case be deemed a Debt due to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and shall and may be sued for and recovered accordingly.

If the Party does not applft or the Charge for later eft be allowed by the Court, InterHfc Upon the Inte-r« ft shall be charged for the intermediate Period.

The aggregate Amount of the original Balance, and of / thte Interest, shall bear Interest at 5 per Cent, till paid| and if the Balance has been paid, the aggrt* gate of the Itmreft and of the further lm* tertft shall beat Interest.

IV. And be it further enacted, That upon any Audit whith shall take plaee after the passing of this Act, of any Ordinary or Extraordinary Account, Where it shall appear to the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, that any Publick Accountant is indebted to his Majesty, upon the Balance thereof, in the Sum of five hundred Pounds or upwards, (such Account not being an Account Current,) it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, at their Discretion, to charge the said accounting Party with Interest, upon the Whole or any Part of the said Balance, for such Period of Time past, and at such Rate of Interest, as they shall deem to be just and reasonable; so that the said Rate of Interest do not exceed five Pounds per Centum per Annum \ and the said Commissioners are hereby required, in ail Cases where they shall charge the accounting Party with Interest as aforesaid, to caiife a Notice in Writing to be given forthwith to such accounting Party, or his lawful Representative or Representatives* or his or their Agent, specifying the Amount of such Balance, and also of such Charge for Interest, and the Grounds upon which such Charge for Interest has been made and also to set forth the Amount of such Charge for Interest, together with the Grounds thereof, in the said Account, when they shall cause the same, according to the! Nature thereof, cither to be declared by their own Authority,* or to be prepared for Declaration, or to be dated to the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for their Conlidefatiort: Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall prevent or delay the said Lords Commissioners from proceeding, and they are hereby required to proceed, to allow or disallow the Amount of such Balance* or any Part thereof, upon any Account so prepared for Declaration, or statbd to them as aforesaid, distinct and apart from the said Charge for Interest 5 which said Charge-for Interest they shall and may nevertheless in such Case proceed afterwards to allow or disallow, in the Whole or in Part, as they shall think just and reasonable.

The Commit-ftoncrv for auditing Public* Accounts* where an Accountant owes 8 Balance of $odL or upwards (Accounts Current excepted) may charge ln-tertft, (not exceeding 5 per' Cent*) for Time pad at the paf* sing such Account, and (halt cause Notice to be given to the Party, or his Representative, of the Amount of the Balance, and of the Interest, and of the Grounds for charging it; and shall state the same to the Treasury. The Treasury shall proceed to allow or disallow Balances of Accounts pre* pared far Declaration, distinct. from Interestj and may also al.ow or disallow the Interest.

V. And be it further enacted, That after any Extraordinary Account shall have been Rated to the Lords After Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, and they shall have granted their Warrant to prepare the same for Declaration, the said Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts shall proceed to compute In- p^aoy terest, after the Rate of five Pounds pet Centum per Annum, upon the Amount of the said Balance so Rated by ordinary Ac-them as aforesaid, or so much thereof as shall have been allowed by the said Lords Commissioners of his Ma- count for De-jesty’s Treasury, and shall then remain due; and also upon the Amount of the said Charge for Interest so ciaratfon, the (bated as aforesaid, or upon so much thereof as shall have been allowed by the said Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury 5 such Interest to be Computed from the Time when the said Account was so dated, intermediate in until the fifth Day of January or the fifth Day of July (as the Case may be) next preceding the Time when terest (at 5 per (he said Account of Balance or Interest (as the Case may be) shall be preferred for Declaration; and the Cent.) from the Amount of such further Interest for the said intermediate reriodjof Time shall be added to the Amount of the of statin5 said Balance and Charge for Interest respectively, which shall have been allowed by the said Lords Com- jan^c^iy c missioners of his Majesty's Treasury, and shall therewith form the total Sunt with which the said Account- preceding the ant shall be charged as due to his Majesty on the said Accounts of Balance or Interest, when the same shall Time of pre-, be respectively presented for Declaration. frming it for

Declaration,

tthtcb shall be added to the Balance, and Interest allo wed by the Trcaiujy*

3,46 C. 54. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

When any Ac-

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Time when any Account, not being an Account count(not being Current, shall be declared, the said Party Accountant, or his lawful Representative or Representatives, filall CurrcnMihail charged with Interest, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon the Amount of the be declared, the Sum due upon every Account which shall be so declared (whether the same shall be for Principal or Interest) Party shall be in Manner following \ (that is to lay,) Upon eve: y Account declared by the said Commissioners for audit-charged with jpg the Publick Accounts, the said Interest shall commence at and be computed from the 'rime of such further Interest Declaration; and upon every Ordinary Account prepared by them for Declaration, the said Interest shall

upon?he Sum commence at and be computed from the Time when the same was so prepared; and upon every Extraor-

duetiU it is dinary Account, stated by them to the Lords Commissioner of his Majesty's Treasury, the said Interest

paid or reco- shall commence at and be computed from the said fifth Day of January or fifth Day of July (as the

vtred. The Case may be) next preceding the Time when the find Account was predated for Declaration; and in each

rn^ncfonO?11* and every of ttie said cases, the said Interest (hill grow due and be payable from the Periods severally dinaryAccounts above-mentioned, until the said Sum shall be paid or recovered by due Course of Law; the Amount of from the ime which growing Interest shall be deemed a Debt due to his Majesty, his Heirs and SuccdVors, and may they were pre- be iccovered in the same Manner, and by the same Means, as the Su n uue upon the said d dared Account; pared for Dech- and no Accountant shall be deemed Even and Quit, according to the Course of his Majesty's Exchequer, "xraor?Una°n unt,l ^ai have paid an^ discharged the Amount of such gro wing Interest, together with such Sum so Accounts ft aed declared to be due as aforesaid.

to the Treasury, from the 5th January or 5th July preceding the Time of presenting for Declaration.

Balances afetr-taincct 10 bw due /rom Revenue Officers, and Balances of Accounts declared by the Treasury, l*forc passing 1* is Act and jiot yet paid, and Balances now depending, and not paid at the Time of

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Balances, which before the passing of this Act have been ascertained to be due from Persons employed in the Collection or Receipt of any of his Majesty's Revenues, and also the Balances of all Accounts which before the passing of this Act have been declared, according to the Course of his Majesty's Exchequer, by the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or so much of the said several Balances l'o afeeruined or declared respectively as hath not yet been paid or recovered to and for the Use of his Majesty; and so much of any Sum now depending before the said Lords Commissioners as shall be declared a Balance, and shall not have been paid or discharged at the Time of such Declaration; shall severally and respectively bear Interest at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per An-numy from and after the passing of this Act until they shall be duly paid or recovered; the Amount of which growing Interest shall also be deemed a Debt due to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and shall and may be sued for and recovered accordingly.

Declaration, shall bear an Interest (at $ per Cent.) from passing this Act until paid.

No Surety shall

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein-before contained shall operate to be charged with c}mge any Surety with Interest for Delay of Payment by the principal Debtor, except from such Time only ijbTupon to as Surety shall be called upon to answer for the Default of the Principal.

answer for Dciault of the Principal.

The Commissioners for auditing the bub-i.ek Accounts, £ia'!, within f-ven Day softer Declaration of Accounts, trar.f-mit to the Auditor of the Kx-chequtr a Scheduled the Stimi declared to be c!u., anrl the Names of the

IX. And, for the better enabling the said Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts to ascertain what Sums ofiYJoney have been or may be hereafter paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, by Publick Accountants, in or towards the Discharge of Balances which have been or may hereafter be de- dared to be due to his Majesty, his PJeirs or Successors be. it hereby further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, within liven Days after every Declaration of Accounts, transiirt to the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Information of the Tellers of the said Exchequer, a Schedule or Account, speccifying the Sums declared to be due upon such Declaration of Accounts, and the Names of the Persons from whom the said Sums are declared to be due respectively; and the said Auditor shall, within ft ven Days after the four uf ual Quarterly Days of Payment, in every Year, transmit to the said Commissioners an Account of all Monies paid into the Exchequer, within the preceding Quarter, by or on Behalf of the several Persons whole Names have been so transmitted to him as hcrc;n-belorc directed.

Del-tors; and he shall quarterly transmito the Commissioners an Account of the Monies paid in by or on Behalf of the Parties,

Accour.ts of X. And be it further enacted, That when any Re-payments fhftl be made by Sub-Accountants to the Repayments by p>y!T}a|\cr (Jeneiai of his Majesty's Forces, the Treasurer of the Navy, the 'Breasuror of the Ordnance, or

anufoCp?nui- 10 a:1Y other principal Accountant, of any Sums of Money which shall have been issued by such Principal

p;!l Actom.tV Accountants to the Sub-Accountants respectively, Accounts of such Re-payments, for the six Months

ants, iba.i be preceding, shall be transmitted to the Commissioners for auditing Publick Accounts, on the fifth Day of Ja-

tr.mfti.itud to unary ami the fifth Day of July in every Year, by the Principal Accountants, and that the Principal OS-tfif laid Corn. CC|S ot* Ordnance, the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, the Commissioners for Victualling his-arlv*1 aind t be Majesty's Navy, and the Commissioners for Sick and Hurt, shall, on the same Days in each Year, transmit principal ofti. to the said Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, an Account for the six Months preceding, of cmofihtOri- ail ImprUte elcaicd by them for Money issued to any Sub-Accountants.

nance, £:c snail.

transmit to urn lmli'.y-.aily Accounts of all Impafts cleared by them,

The Treasury errq o\n ercci to allow Ir.tercft (*t 5 per Cent.) upon Sums amounting to

XI. And whereas it is just and reasonable that Interest fhoiftj be allowed to Publick Accountants for Monies advanced by them for the Publick Service, and remaining due to them upon the Balance of their Accounts, not being Accounts Current be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby required to allow and direct Interest to be paid, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon every Sum of Money amounting to

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 54. 347

five hundred Pounds and upwards, which hath already been, or hereafter shall be so ascertained or declared as aforesaid, to be due upon the Balance of such Accounts from the Publick to any Per foil or Persons whatever; such Interest, in rtfpctft of such Sums as have been already so ascertained or declared as aforesaid, to commence;-at and be computed from the passing of this Act; and in respect of such Sums as shall hereafter be so ascertained or declared as aforesaid, to commence at and be computed from the Time of the complete Delivery of such Accounts into the Office for auditing the publick Accounts, which said Inters It shall in every Case continue to grow due, and be payable in respect of the said Principal Sums of Money, until the said Principal Sums and every Part thereof shall be fully satisfied and discharged.

complete Delivery of the Accounts into the

XII. And wherras It is expedient to provide more effectually for compelling the Payment of Balances which are or may become due from publick Accountants ft be it therefore further enacted, That from 3nd after the passing of this Act, the Commissioners of the Customs and Excite in England and Scotland respectively, and the Commissioners for Stamps, and for the Affairs of Taxes, and alto his Majesty's Postmaster General, and the principal Officer or Officers employed in the Collection and Management of any o:her Branch of his Majesty's Revenues, shall and they are hereby severally required forthwith to proceed with all due Diligence, by Itgal Process or other lawful Ways and Means, to recover all Balances and Sums of Money which have been ascertained to be due and now rem »in d ie to Ins Majesty from any Person or Persons heretofore employed in the Collection or Receipt of any his Majesty Y Revenues, under the Management of such several Commissioners and Officers respectively; and so from Time* to Tune, when and so soon as any Balance or Sum of Money shall be ascertained to be* due for Principal and Interest, or either of them, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from any Person dying or going but of Office, who now is or shall hereafter be employed in the Collection or Receipt of any of his Majesty's Revenues under the Management of such several Commissioners and Officers icfpeflively.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, and the Auditors of the Land Revenue of the Crown, shall, and they are hereby severally required forthwith to proceed with all due Diligence, by legal Process or other lawful Ways and Means, to recover all Balances and Sums of Money which have been heretofore declared, to be due to his Majesty, and now remain due; (except Balances due on Accounts Current;) and so from Time to Time when and so often as any Account of the Receipt or Expenditure of Publick Money, which shall have been audited by the said Commissioners and Auditors above-mentioned, shall be declared to be due for Principal and Interest or either of them, ^except in the Case of Accounts Current,) the said Commissioners and Auditors shall without Delay cau'e the same to be recorded in the Offices of his Majesty's Remembrancer, of the Lord Treasurer’s Remembrancer, and of the Clerk of the Pipe; and shall thereupon, by Notice in Writing, require the Parties indebted upon such declared Accounts, or their Representatives, to pay the Amount of the Balances due from the n into the Receipt of the Exchequer within three Months from receiving such Notice; and in case the said Balances shall not be paid, and legal Proof of such Payment be not exhibited to the said Commissioners and Auditors, within the said three Months, they the said Commissioners and Auditors respe£Hvcly are hereby required to proceed forthwith with all due Diligence, by legal Process or other lawful Ways and Means to recover the said Balances and Sums of Money in which the said Parties or their Representatives stand indebted.

50CI. and upwards, afccr-tair.crt or declared to I't due-to Fubii:k A counuiits*, till the Whole He dischargeq such Interest to corn* itier.ee froir> th* Auditor’s (Jtnce.

The Commissioners of Customs and sex-cife, fcr Stamps, and for Taxes, the Post-Mailer General, and the Principal (Juicers employed in any other Branch of the Rcvtmie, shall proceed to recover all Balances due from Persons employ-ed under them. The Commissionrs for auditing the Publick Accounts and the Auditors of the Land Revenue shall proceed to recover Balance* now due, (except on Accounts Cur- rent,) and when any Account of Publick Money-audited by them shall be dec 1*red to be due, tlxiy lh ;1! duly record the same, and require the

Parties to pay the Balances into the Exchequer within three Months, and if not paid, shall proceed to recover the Money.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein before contained, shall extend to Atf not to prevent any Charge of Interest on any Accountant, on the Ground of any Special Circumstances on which J>‘event "iy such Accountant might have been charged with Interest if this Act hud not puffed., rest wh°re h"

night have been charged before this Act.

XV. Provided also nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to abridge or alter the Rights and Powers of his Majesty, ms Heirs and Successors, to controul, suspend, or prevent the Execut'd) of any Process or Proceeding unJ.r tins Act, or otherwise, for recovering (uc’n Balances or Monies, or any Part thereof; but that all such Rig.its and Powers shall remain in full Force and Effect, so far as by Law they now ex;ft; any Thing lu-iein* before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty "s TYeamry fhftl cause to be laid before both Houses of Parliament, within fourteen Days atur iLc Commencement c.T every Sviiion, a List of the Publick Accountants, in tclpedl of whom the Execution of any Process or Proceeding under this Act, or cthcrwish, for recovering any Balances so ascertained or declared to be dud from them for

Principal or Interest, or any Part thereof, hath been controuled, fuljrciuied, or prevented by the Authority of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, within one Year preceding the Commencement of such Session, specifying in such List the Amount of the Balances originally ascertained or declared to be due from such Persons respectively, and the several Sums still remaining due from them, and the Cauics lor which the Execution of such Process or Proceeding has been controuled, suspended, or prevented.

ths Execution of ary Prcccfs hath been contrcuTd, fufpcndtd, rr prevented by Authority of his Majesty within the

Not to ahrid^e tho Rights of his M ijt(ty t j ton-troui, suspend, or prevent the Execution of any Process for recovering Ha* lances, &rc-Ti c Treasury shall cvj'c to be laid before Parliament, within 14 D.iyu afier the Commencement of every Scftxon, a Lilt of Publick Accounrai.ts in respect of whom preceding Y<mx

---

348 C. 55, 56. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

CAP. LV.

An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts in Westminster Halt, and also of the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Judiciary, and Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, as relates to the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of Session, Judiciary, and Exchequer in Scotland.

[20th June 1800.]

WHEREAS Doubts have arisen upon the Construction of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament,

[39 Geo. 3. c. 120.]

---

intituled, an Act for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges in the Courts in Westminster Hall; and also of the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Justiciary, and Barons of Exchequer in Scotland; and for enabling his Majesty to grant Annuities to Persons in certain Offices in the said Courts of Westminster Hall, on their Resignation of their reffective Offices; so far as relates to the Lord President of the Court of Session, the Lord Chief Baron, the Lora Justice Cleric, the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Justiciary, and Barons of Exchequer in Scotland May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, there Diall be ifliiedj paid, and apolied in every Year, out of the Monies that shall arise from any of the Duties and Revenues in that Part ot Great Britain called Scotland, which, by several Acts made in the seventh and tenth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, were charged or made chargeable with the Payment of the Ijees, Salaries, and other Charges allowed, or to be allowed by her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, for keeping up the Courts of Session, Justiciary, and Exchequer in Scotland, to the Judges after mentioned, so much Money as will make up their respective Salaries to the annual Sums herein-afeer mentioned; videlicet; to the Lord President of the Court of Session three thousand Pounds; to each of the other Lords of Session, who is not Lord Justice Clerk, or a Lord Commissioner of Justiciary, one thousand two hundred Pounds; to the Lord Justice Clerk, two thousand four hundred Pounds; to each of the other Lords of Session, who are Lords Commissioners of Justiciary, one thousand seven hundred Pounds; to the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, three thousand Pounds; and to each of the other Barons of the Court of Exchequer, one thousand two hundred Pounds; which said Sums of Money, to be issued in pursuance of this AdLimll from Time to Time, from thenceforth, be payable and paid Quarterly, clear from all Taxes and Deduction* whatever; the first Payment to be made on the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred.

Salaries to be payable Quarterly, from July 5, 1800.

The respective Salaries to be increased to the following Amount, viz. lord President 30001. Lords of Session (not being Lord Justice Clerk, or Commissioners of Justiciary) 1200L Lord Justice Clerk 2400l.

Lords of Session (being Commissioners of Justiciary)

1700L Lerd Chief Baron 3000l. The other Barons 1&00L

Where Money under the Controul of a Court of Equity, &c. shall be subject

---

CAP. LVI.

An Act for Relief of Persons entitled to entailed Estates to be purchased with Trust Monies.

[20th June 1800.]

---

WHEREAS by the Practice of Courts of Equity, in Cases in which Money under the Controul of such Courts is subject to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands, to be limited to Uses capable of

being barred by Fine, the said Courts direct such Money to be paid to the Party or Parties who could by

Fine bar the Uses to which such Lands, in ease the samc had been purchased, would have been limited, and do not require or compel the actual Investment of such Monies in the Purchase of Lands, notwithstanding other Persons might take Estates or Interests therein, if the same were purchased, and been ti- tied to hold such Estates or Interests until such Fine was actually levied: And whereas nevertheless, where Money under the Controul of the said Courts is subject to be inverted in the Purchase of Lands, to be limited to Uses not capable of being barred by Fine, but capable of being, barred by Recovery, the said Courts, according to the Practice thereof, refuse to direct the same to be paid to the Party or Parties who, in ede such Lands had been purchased, could by Recovery have barred all the Uses to which the same would have been limited, and require and compel the actual Investment of such Monies in a Purchase or Purchases of some Lands; and such last mentioned Practice is attended with great Inconvenience and Expence to the Party or Parties who by a Recovery could bar the Uses to which such Lands are to be limited when, purchased, and the Interest and Benefit of others who might take Estates barrable by such Recovery when- suffered, is not according to such last mentioned Practice materially promoted or secured, and it may, therefore be expedient to alter such Practice: And whereas it may also be expedient to provide some satisfactory and summary Proceeding, whereby Trustees possessed of Money subject to be laid out in Lands, may be required in proper Cases to pay such Money to the Parties entitled, and under this Act* to become entitled to receive the same be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, in all Cases where Money, under the Controul of any Court of Equity, or of or to which any Individuals as Trustees are possessed or entitled, shall be subject to be invested in the Purchase of Freehold or Copyhold Hereditaments, or both, to be settled upon any Person or Personsj. in such. Manner that it would be competent

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 56 - 59. 349

in case such Money had been inverted in the Purchase of Real Estates for the Person or Persons who would be the Tenant or Tenants of the first Estate or Estates Tail therein, either alone, or together with the Person or Persons who would be the Owner or Owners of the particular preceding Estate or Estates therein, if any, by Deed, Fine, or Common Recovery, or any of them, or other lawful Act, in the case of Freehold Hereditaments, or by Surrender and Recovery, or either of them, or other lawful Ad, in the case of Copyhold Hereditaments, to bar the first Estate or Estates Tail, and the Rights and Interests of all Persons in Remainder, it shall not be necessary to have such Money actually invested in Lands or Hereditaments, in order that such Estates Tail and Remainders over may be so barred; but that it shall and may be lawful to and for the High Court of Chancery, or such Court of Equity, under the Controul of which such Money shall be, and in the Case of Trustees, to and for the said High Court of Chancery, in a summary Way, upon Petition of the Person or Persons who would be Tenant or Tenants of the first Estate or first Estates Tail, and of the Person or Persons who would be the Owner or Owners of the antecedent particular Estate or Estates, if any, in the Lands and Hereditaments in case the same were purchased, such Petitioners being Adults, and in case where any of the Parties are or is Femes Covert or a Feme Covert, they, (he, or they being first separately examined in Court, or upon a Commission, and consenting to order the Monies fub-jested to such Trusts to be paid to the Petitioners or any of them, or to be paid and applied in such Manner and for such Purposes as the Petitioners shall appoint and the Court shall approve of.

Tail, and the Party having any antecedent Estates, (being Adults, or if Femes Covert, separately examined,) may order stich Money to be paid to them, or applied as they shall appoint.

to be invested in the Purchase of freehold or copyhold Prc-mifesj to Be settled in such Manner that it would be com* petenttothefirifc Tenant in Tail to bar Estate? Tail and Remainders, it shall not be ne* cefliry to have such Money so actually invested j but the Court, on Petition of the first Tenant in

may he transferred under an Order of the Court of Chancery, &c.

II. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where Monies subjected to be laid out in the Purchase of Securities for Hereditaments to be settled as aforesaid, shall happen to be inverted in Government or Real or other Secu- such Money rities, all such Securities shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be considered as Money, and shall and may accordingly be transferred, adigned, and disposed of, under an Order of the respective Courts aforesaid, made in a summary Way upon the Petition of such Persons, and with such Examination and Consent, where necessary, as aforesaid, in such and the same Manner as Monies subjected to be laid out in the Purchase of Hereditaments, to be settled as aforesaid, are herein-before authorised to be paid, applied, and disposed of.

---

CAP. LVII.

An Act for enabling the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland to advance to the Lord Provost and Magistrates of the City of Edinburgh, for the Purpose of completing the Improvements of the Harbour of Leith, a certain Sum, being Part of the Money which by an Act of the last Session of Parliament was directed to be paid into the said Court of Exchequer by the Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation.

[20th June 1800.]

---

« 39 Geo. 3. (r. lxxi. of the Publick Local and Personal Acts,) recited. The Court of Exchequer in Scotland shall pay 25,000l. due from the Forth and Clyde Navigation to the City of Edinburgh* to be applied in completing the Harbour of Leith, and g Lper Cent. Interest (hsdlbe paid for the same Half-yearly till re- paid. §1- The Money may be placed in the Royal Banjc, &c. in Scotland till required for the Works. §2.

[Publick Act.]

The Court of Exchequer shall place the Money when repaid to them into the Royal Bank, &c. and the Iniereftflull be applied towards the Roads in the Highlands of Scotland. §3. §4."

---

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for further continuing and amending an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation and permit the Importation of Corn; and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty.

[30th June 1800.]

---

30 Geo. 3. c. 87. recited (continued by c. 9. $ 2. of this Seffon,) further continued till <0 Days after the Commencement of the next Session. S i* Corn, (etc. shall be admitted to Entry although imported sub- sequent to the Period fixed by any Order in Council, Proof beings made that the Vessel importing the same, from the Time of her (ailing, might have arrived before the said Period. § u"

---

CAP. LIX.

An Act to remove Doubts arising from the Construction of an Act made in the thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for permitting certain Goods imported from the East Indies to be warehoused, and for repealing the Duties now payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

[30th June 1800.]

'WHEREAS by an Act, made in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

[39 Geo. 3. c. 59.]

---

intituled, An Act for permitting certain Goods imported from the East Indies to be war thou fed* and for repealing the Duties now payable thereon and granting other Duties in lieu thereof \ fomt of the Duties

for or in respect of certain Goods imported from the East Indies, by the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, are repealed, and certain new and additional Duties of Customs are imposed for and in respect of such Goods: And whereas Doubts may arise whether the Duties of Excise by the

Law* in farce immediately, before the puffing of the said Act, imposed for or in respect of Spirits, Wine,.

4 Ghto*,

n rn

o5 y

The Duties of Excise on Spirit^, Wine, Gl.ifs, Cocoa Nuts, and Cef tee, imported by the East India Company, not t epealed or altered by tile rc-; uted Ad.

From July 5, 1X00, Wine of the Cape of Good Hope, imported into Great Britain, shall be liable to the same Duties Only; and the same Drawback shall be allowed on Exportation as Portugal Wine.

A Drawback of the Duties shall be allowed on such Wine far the Consumption of Naval Officers on board Ships, as permitted by 33 Geo. 3. C. 4S. & 3 5 Geo. 3. c. 10.

Spirits of the Cape shall be liable to the same Duties or ly cn Importation, and the same Drawback be allowed,011 I y.jacrtat.on, as t pifita of the British West India Plantations

C. 59, 60. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Glass, Cocoa Nuts, and Coffee, respectively imported by the said United Company from the East Indies, are not by the said recited Act repealed;’ be it declared and enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thar, neither the said Act of the thirty-ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, nor any Chute, iMalter, or 'f hi 1;:j therein contained, was intended to extend, nor did* rnr doth extend, nor Cull be deemed or conlhued to extend, or to have extended, to repeal or alter any or either of the Duties of Excite which were t>y any or either cl the La.vs in force immediately before the passing of the said Act of the thirty-ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, imputed for or in respect of Spirits, Wine, Glals, Cocoa Nuts, and Coffee respectively, or any or either of mem, imported by the said United Company from the East Indies; and that all and Angular the Ducts of Excite which were imputed by any or either of the Laws in force immediately before the passing of the said Act of the thirty-ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for or in respect o[ Spirits, Wine, Glut, Cocoa Nuts and Coffee respectively, or any or either of them, imported by the said United Company from tire Raj} Indies since the passing of the said Act of the thirty-ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, remained and continued, and still remain and continue in force, as the same respectively were immediately before fne nuking of the said hit-mentioned Atet 3 any 'idling in the said Act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

---

CAP. LX.

An Act to lessen the Duties on Wine and Spirits the Produce of the British Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope; and to empower the Importers to land the same before Payment of the Duties of Excise, and to lodge the same in Warehouses; and to allow the same to be shipped free of Duty as Stores, to be consumed on board Merchants’ Ships on their Voyages.

[30th June 1800.]

---

WHEREAS the Castle, Town, and Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, with the Territories and Dependencies thereof, are now in the Possession of his Majesty; and for the Encouragement of the Trade and Commerce to and from the same, it is expedient to ldlen the Duties payable on the Importation of Wine and Spirits, the Produce of the said Settlement, or the Territories or Dependencies

thereof, and to make such Provisions as are herein after mentioned:’ Be it therefore ciuited by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Wine of the Produce of the Brilif) Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, or the Territories or Dependencies thereof, and which, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred, shall be imported into the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall be subject or liable to any greater or higher Duty or Duties, but tire same shall be subject and liable to the lame or the like Duties as are by Law imputed for or in respect of Portugal Wime imported into this Kingdom; and upon the Exportation of any such Wine, of the Produce of the said Settlement, Territories, or Dependencies, and for or in refnect whereof the Duties by this Act directed shall have been paid, and which shall be exported as Merchandize to any Port or Place beyond the Seas, there shall be paid and allowed the same or the l.kc Drawback and Drawbacks as are by Law directed to be paid or allowed for or in respect of Portugal Wine exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to such Port or Place, any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Duties by this Act payable for or in respect of Wine of the Produce of the said Settlement 01 the Cape of Good Hope, or the Territories or Dependencies thereof, shall be allowed for or in resprei of such -V/ine intended ior the Use of Admirals, Captains, or other Commissioned Officers employed in his Majetey’s Service, lor their adiual Consumption gn board such c.f his Majesty's Ships as they ih dl respectively firve, in like Manner, and under the like Pruviiior.s, Conditions, and Re(htetters, as a Drawback of tire former Duties paid on the Importation of Wines iiuo Great Britain are directed to be allowed by an Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Maje fly, intituled, An Act to allow the Drawback of the Duties of Cnjlous and Excise upon /dues coy fumed ly y/imiraU, CaUams and other Commissioned Ojieers on board Ships of ih or in aolnnl Service, and to allow fuel) Ships to C Supplied with Tobacco Dutyfree; or by another Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign atordajd, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Foreign IVlhcs and Sweets.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Spirits of the Produce of the said Settlement, Territories, or Dependencies, and which Hull, from and after the said filth Day of July one thousand eight hundred, be imported directly iron: tner.cc into this Kingdom, shall be subject or liable to any greater or higher Duty or Duties of Callous or Excise, but the same shall be subject and liable to the same or the I ke Duties of Customs and Excite, as are or shall be by Law imputed for or in respect of Rum or Spirits of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of the British Sugar Plantations in the I Fiji In lies, imported into this Kingdom d-rMfiy from the said Sugar Plantations; and upon Exportation of any such Spirits of the Produce of the said ‘Settlement, Tcnitories, or Dependencies, and for or in reipedi w.hmot the Duties of Customs by ttes Act directed shall have been paid, and which shall be exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts, there shall be paid and allowed a Drawback of such Customs Duty, any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 60. 351

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Duties of Excise by this Act directed for or in reflect of Spirits imported directly from the said Settlement, Territories, or Dependencies, miy bj bonded and secured, and shall bi paid and payable in such Manner only, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as the Duties of Excise imposed for or in respect of Spirits, being of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of the British Sugar Plantations in the Ilfejl Indies may be now bonded and secured, and are by Law paid and payable.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and singular the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in or by any Act or Acts 0} Parliament novr in force are contained, provided, settled, or established, for or in respect of the importing Rum or Spirits of the Growth, Produce* and Manufacture of the British Sugar Plantations in the West Indies, or landing the same before Payment of the Duties of Excise, or lodging or securing the same in Warehouse* for that Purpose provided, upon the Proprietor or Importer giving Bond as therein required j and all and singular the Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures for or in respect thereof, shall bcufed, applied, practised, and put in Execution for or in respect of Spirits imported duedlJy from the said Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, or the Territories or Dependencies thereof, as fully and ttE&udly to all Intents and Purposes as if all and every the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this pr;ifent Atft.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Duties of Excise and Customs by this Act directed for or in respect of Spirits imported from the said Settlement, Territories, or Dependencies, shall be allowed on the Shipping thereof as Storts, to be spent and consumed on boar;! in any Voyage to Parts beyond the Seas, in the same Manner as the Bid Duties imposed for or in respect of Rum or Spirits of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of the British Sugar Plantations in the West Indies, imported into this Kingdom directly from the said Sugar Plantations, are by Law directed to be allowed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Wine and Spirits of the Produce of the said Settlement of the Cape of Good Hole, or the Territories or Dependencies thereof, which shall be taken and condemned as Prize, and sold by the Cantors or their Agents, and taken out of any Warehouse, wherein the same shall have been secured, to be consumed in this Kingdom, in pursuance of an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom, shall be subject and liable to the Duties of Customs and Excise by this Act imposed, or directed to be paid for or in respect of Wine or Spirits reflectively the Produce of the said Settlement, Territories, or Dependencies, imported; and such Duties shall be paid and payable by such Persons, and in such Manner as the former Duties, by the said Act of the thirty-third Year aforesaid imposed, are payable by Law-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties of Customs payable tinder or by virtue of this Act, for: or in respect of Wine or Spirits respectively, the Produce of the said Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, or the Territories or Dependencies thereof, shall be managed ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, and paid in such and the like Manner, and in or by any or either of the Means, Ways, or Methods by which the former Duties of Customs lor or in respect of such Wines and Spirits respectively were or ought to be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, and paid; and the Drawbacks of Customs' payable or allowable under or by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of any such Wine or Spirits respectmely, exported as Merchandize, shall be paid or allowed in fuc'n and the like Manner, and in or by any or either of the Means, Ways, or Methods by which the former Drawbacks of the Customs for and in respect of such Wines or Spirits respaciively exported as Merchandize, were or ought to be paid or allowed; and that all such Wine and Spirits respectively, for or in respect whereof, any Du y of Custon\s is by this Act imposed or made payable, or for or in respect whereof any Drawback of Customs is by this Act directed to be paid or allowed, shall be, and such Wine and Spirits respectively are hereby made subject and liable* to ail and every the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restricuons, Provisions, and Forfeiting* respectively to which Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in general were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the said fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred, respecting the Revenue of Customs; and all and every Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture of any Nature or Kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the said fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Powers, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained, (unless where expressly altered by this Act,) shall and the lame are hereby respectively directed and declared to extend to, and the same shall respectively be applied, practised, and put in Execution for and in respect of the several Duties of Customs by this Act imposed or directed, to be paid, and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs by this Act granted, or directed to be paid or allowed, in. as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Act, Clauses, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures respectively, were particularly repeated and re-cn.icted in the Body of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties of Customs as shall arise, or become payable in that Part of Great Britain called England, under or by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of Wine or Spirits respectively, the Produce of the find Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, or the Territories or Dependencies thereof, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the Time being, and such thereof as shall arise or become payable in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, for the Time being;

and the Duties of Excise thereon may be bonded in the same Manner.

Regulations respecting imported Spirits of the British West India Plantations shall be applied to Spirits from the Cape j

and the Duties shall be allowed on shipping thereof to be consumed in Voyages as for West India Spirits.

Wmc and Spirits of the CaptJ condemned as Prize, and taken out of any Warehouse, under 33 Geo. 3. c. 34 for Home Consumption, shall be subject to the Duties imjposed by this

The Dutie* of Customs payable under this, Act, and the

Drawback* allowed, shall be managed a former Duties and Drawbacks,

Duties shall be unde th_* Manage nt 01 the Com Ti ’tiers 01 Customs and*: Ex.ife resp:c-livtly.

352 C. 60, 61. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

being; and that such of the Duties of Excise as shall arise or become payable in that Part of Great Britain called England, under or by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of Wine or Spirits respectively the Produce of the said Settlement, or the Territories or Dependencies thereof* shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excite in England for the Time being, and such thereof as shall arise or become payable in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland^ shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being.

The Duties of

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties of Excise reflectively shall be raised, levied, col-

lixcifc and lected, and paid, under and subject to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, (except where

p"*any Alteration-therein is expressly made by this Act,) bines. Penalties, and Forfeitures, which, in or by RcluUtiw re- any Act or Acts Parliament in force at the Time of passing this Act, are contained, provided, settled, spedin£ wines or established for or in respect of any of the Duties on Foreign Wine and Spirits respectively, or for de-and spirits. tecting or punishing Frauds relating thereto, and the Drawbacks of Excise by this Act directed to be paid or allowed for or in respect of any such Wine, shall be paid and allowed, under and subject to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, which, in or by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, art contained, provided, settled, or established, for or in respect of the Allowance or Payment of the Excise Drawbacks of the Duties on Wines; and the said Rujes, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, shall, and the same respectively are hereby declared to be and remajn in full Force and Effect, and shall be used, applied* and put in Execution fur the Purposes of such Duties and Drawbacks of Excise as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposrs as if the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act. sa Car. a. c.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, For-A«anli*ll0ther futures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which, in and by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign the Exdfc ex-° °* King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and friended to this nitres in capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu A3, thereof or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, upon Beer, Ale,

and other Liquors, are provided or pftablished for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or

recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than and in such Cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are made and prescribed by this Act,) shall be used, practised, and put in Execution in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the Duties of Excise by this Act imposed or directed to be paid, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

Duties wider

XII. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties by this Act imposed or directed to be paid, shall ahSliwiiTi0the °PProPr’aled and applied in like Manner as the Duties respectively by this Act repealed or lessened were,

same Manner as by the former Laws relating thereto respectively in force immediately before the commencement of this Act,

former Duties appropriated and applied, repealed or lessened hereby.

---

CAP. LXI.

An Act to revive and continue, until the first Day of July one thousand eight hundred and one, such Part of an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, for reducing the Duties upon Spirits distilled from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, and for other Purposes, as relates to the Duties on Wore or Wash brewed or made from Melasses or Sugar.

[30th June 1800.]

'WHEREAS it is expedient to revive and continue, for a limited Time, a certain Part of the Act herein after mentioned:' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[C. s. of this

That so much and such Part of an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled,

Session [§ 1.] An Act for reducing, Until the first Day of June one thousand eight hundred\ the Duties upon Spirits distilledfrm

as relates to the Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith; for prohibiting the Distillation of Spirits from Wheat, or Wheat ^ouf > an& for reducing, until the twentieth Day of September one thousand eight hundreds and better cel* Itbm Melartc/ kflingy the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch, as relates to the Duties upon Wort or Waft or Sugar, or to brewed or made from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, or to any Distiller or Distillers of any Distiller of Maker or Makers of Spirits, shall, from and immediately after the first Day of June one thousand eight Spirits, tbali, hundred, be revived and continued, and the same is hereby revived, and shall continue in full Force and Ef*

iSw/berc-# ^ct’ ^om anc* immediately after the said first Day of June, until and upon the first Day of July oat

vived, and con- thousand eight hundred and one. tinued till July j, i*ou

---

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 62, 63. 353

CAP. LXII.

An Act to allow, for nine Months after the passing of the Act, the Use of Sugar in the brewing of Beer.

[30th June 1800.]

'WHEREAS by several Acts now in force, Common Brewers or Retailers of Beer or Ale are prohibited from using Sugar in the brewing or making of Beer or Ale: And whereas it is expedient to allow the Use of Sugar in the brewing or making of Beer or Ale for a limited Time:' Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[

That for the Space of nine Months, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be law- Common ful to and for any such Common Brewer or Retailer of Beer or Ale, to make use of Sugar in the brewing or making of any Guile, or brewing of Beer, Ale, or Worts; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parlia- may^for nine ment contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding. Months, make use of Sugar in brewing.

II. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed But shall not be to extend, to allow any Common Brewer or Retailer of Beer or Ale to make use of any Melasses in the allowed^to brewing or making of Beer or Ale; or any Sugar, except in the State in which the same shall have been Mcl^cs^or imported into this Kingdom, and without the same having been previously diluted with Water dr other any Sugar, ex-Liquor, or undergone any Process or Manufacture to alter the same: Provided also, That no such Brewer cept in the

or Retailer, or Brewers or Retailers, shall be at Liberty, or be allowed or permitted to make use of any State in which Sugar'in the brewing or making of Beer, Ale, or Worts, unless he, she, or they shall have given to the ,tiS Sported:

Officer of Excise, under whose Survey he, she, or they shall then be, twenty-four Hours previous Notice Nor unless 24 of his, her, or their Intention so to make use of such Sugar, and specifying in such Notice the exact Hour be°g"cn and Time of his, her, or their beginning to brew or make such Guile, or brewing of Beer, Ale, or Worts, fcxeife Officerr -v and the Weight of the Sugar to be^made use of in the brewing or making of such Guile. of the Time of

a Brewing, and the Weight of Sugar to be gfed.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Common Brewer or Retailer of Beer or Ale shall, after the if any Comrao*

passing of this Act, make use of any Melasses, Sugar, Honey, Syrup, Composition, or Extract of Sugar, Brew«v&c.

except Brown or Muscovado Sugar made use of in the Manner herein-before allowed, or if any Common ^t^en°fan'

Brewer shall receive, or take into his, her or their Custody or Possession, any Quantity of Melasses, Honey, brown or Muf-

Syrup, Composition, or Extract of Sugar, exceeding ten Pounds Weight, every such Brewer and Retailer covado Sugar,

shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence respectively the Sum of two hundred rounds.

or take into his Possession more than lolb. of Melasses, Honey, &c. lie shall forfeit tool.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be Penalties and sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeitures how Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the 1 pp ’

Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty r or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

---

CAP. LXIII.

An Act for repealing Part of the Duties and Drawbacks of Customs on Kid Skins imported, and the Exemption of imported Kid Skins from Excise Duty, on being dressed in Great Britain.

[30th June 1800.]

[37 Geo. 3. c. 13.]

---

WHEREAS by an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, among other Things, for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excite, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, certain Duties of Customs and Excise are imposed for and in respect of Kid Skins in the Hair imported into or tawed in Great Britain, except such Kid Skins as paid the full Duty on the Importation thereof; and by the said Act a certain Drawback of the said Duty of Customs is directed to be paid and allowed on the Exportation of such Kid Skins imported: And whereas it is expedient to repeal a Part of the said Duty of Customs and a certain Part of the said Drawback, and to repeal the Ex- eruption of the Duties of Excise on the said Kid Skins;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[

That, from and after the From Aug. r, first Day of August one thousand eight hundred, eight Shillings and four Pence, Part 0i the said Duty of i*oc, 8s. 4d.* Customs imposed by the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, together Part of the with the Surn of two Shillings and nine Pence, Part of the said Drawback of Customs granted or allowed of by the said Act, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, save and except in all Cases Skins°2npoftd relating to the recovering, paying, or allowing any Arrears thereof, which may at that Time remain un- by 27 Geo. 3. 39 & 40 GEO. III. Zz > paid, c. 13. and 25.

9<1. part ot thf

35+

Drawback allowed thereon, shall cease.

From Aug. t, 1800, the Exemption of the Duty of Excise n Kid Skins repealed; and all that are afterwards imported OiaU be subject to the fa:

United and XUpe Cakes may be imported in any Neutral Vessel, Duty-free, ti]l

Jan. x, 1804,

x Jac. x. c. zx.

and

9 Annae, C. xx. recited.

So much of lirU recited Act

354 C. 63 - 66. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

paid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before pr on the said full Day of August one thousand eight hundred.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand eight hundred, the said recited Exception in the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign aforesaid shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and from and after the said first Day of August one thousand eight hundred, all Kid Skins imported shall, on being tawed in Great Britain, be subject and liable to the same Duty of Excise as is by the said Act imposed for or in respect of such Kid Skins tawed in Great Britain* as did not fall within the said recited Exception; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

M Duty as is imposed by the recited Act on Kid Skins tawed in Great Britain.

---

CAP. LXIV.

An Act for permitting the free Importation of Linseed Cakes and Rape Cakes in Neutral Ships.

[30th June 1800.]

'WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign,

[36 Geo. 3. c. 113.]

---

intituled, An Act for allowing the Importation of Arrow Root from the British Plantations, and also of Linseed Cakes and Rape Cakes from any foreign Country, in British-built Ships, owned* neraigated*, and registered according to Law. without Payment of Duty, it is enacted, That it shall be lawful to import into Great Britain, in any British Ship or Vessel, Linseed Cakes and Rape Cakes without Payment of Duty: And whereas it is expedient further to facilitate the Importation of the said Articles /* be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, until the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, it shall and may be lawful to import into Great Britain in any Ship or Vessel whatsoever belonging to the Subject or Subjects of any Sovereign or State in Amity with his Majesty, Linseed Cakes and Rape Cakes without Payment of Duty, in the same Manner, and subject to the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are provided in the said Act respecting Linseed Cakes and Rape Cakes imported in any British Ship or Vessel.

---

CAP. LXV.

An Act to continue, until the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, several Acts relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose.

[30th June 1800.]

---

"35 Geo. III. Cap. is- 35 Geo. III. Cap. 80. 36 Geo. III. Cap. 76. (all of them last continued by

u Cap. i7. of this Session3) further continued till Jan. 1, 1804."

---

CAP. LXVI.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the second Year of King James the First, as prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes; and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the flaying thereof.

[30th June 1800.]

---

'WHEREAS by Reason of the Skill and Improvement of the Tanners, Curriers, and other Persons concerned in the manufacturing and dressing of Leather, many Hides formerly supposed unfit to be used in the making of Boots and Shoes are now become useful therein; and it is therefore expedient that so much of an Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King James the First, intituled, An Act concerning fanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers occupying the cutting of Leather^ as prohibits Cordwainers and Shoemakers from putting into any Shoes, Boots, Bulkins, bur- tops, Slippers, or Pantofles, any Leather made of Horse Hide, should be repealed: And whereas it has been found, that the Provisions of the said recited Act, and also of another Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for laying certain Duties upon Hides and Skins* tanned*

tawedy or dressed, and upon Vellum and Parchment, for the Perm of thirty-two Years, for prosecuting the 4 I far* and other her Majesty's mofl necessary Occasions, so far as relates to preventing the gaining, cutting, and flawing of Hides and Skins in the flaying thereof, have been ineffectual to enforce the good Purposes thereby intended, in consequence of which great Lolles arise to the Dealers in Leather, and a great In- creale in the Price thereof to the Publick: And whereas it is become necessary that so much of the said recited Acts as relate to the Prevention of the cutting and gaftiing of Hides and Skins in the flaying thereof should be repealed, and that other and more effectual Provisions should be made instead thereof:' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said first recited

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 66. 355

Act as prohibits any Cord Warner or Shoemaker from putting into any Part of any Stioes, Boots, Bulkins, Startops, Slippers, nr Pantofles, any Part of any Horse Hid ?, and also so much of the said recited Acts as relates to the preventing the gashing and cutting of Hides and Skins in the flaying thereof, shall be fend the same are respectively hereby repealed.

as prohibits tht Use of Ho*fc Hides in Shoe?, &c. and so much of the recited Acts as relates to gashing of Hides, repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Mayor, Bailiff, or other Head Officer of every City, Town Corporate, Borough, or Market Town, having any such Head Officer, or any two or more Justices of the Peace, or Magistrates having Jurisdiction to keep the Peace within and acting for any City, Liberty, Town Corporate, Borough, or Market Town, where there shall be no such Head Officer as aforesaid; and in Cities, Liberties, Towns Corporate, Boroughs, and Market Towns, where there are not two such Magistrates, then any two or more such Justices of the Peace acting for any Division of any County, Riding, Shire, or Stewartry, within or nearest to which any such City, Borough, or Market Town shall be flruate, shall, and he and they is and are hereby respectively empowered and required within three Months after the passing of this Act, to choole and appoint lbme proper and convenient Place or Places for th'j examining and inspeding all the Raw Hides and Skins of all Oxen, Bulls, Cows, Heifers, Steers, or Stirk^, Calves, Hogs or Pigs, Sheep, Lambs, Horses, Mares, or Geldings, killed, slaughtered, or flayed within such City, Town Corporate, Borough, or Market Town, or within such Distance thereof as shall be ascertained and fixed by the Person or Persons choosing and appointing such Place or Places as aforesaid, foas that such Distance shall, in no Case, exceed three Miles, nor be less than two Miles from any such City, Town Corporate, Borough, or Market Town; and such Person or Persons as aforesaid shall

also appoint proper and convenient Days and Hours for the Inspection of Hides and Skins in such Place or Places so appointed as aforesaid; and (halhcause Notice thereof, and of the Distance from such City, Town Corporate, Borough, or Market Town, to which the Jurisdiction of thelnfpedor or Inspectors, appointed in pursuance of this Act to examine and mark Raw Hides and Skins in any Place or Places so appointed as aforesaid, shall extend, to be put up in legible Characters, and in some conspicuous Part of the Place or Places so appointed as aforesaid; and the Person or Persons appointing such Place or Places as aforesaid shall also at the Time of fixing and appointing such Place or "Places as aforesaid, or as soon after as the same can be done, and annually in each Year, or oftener if necessary, appoint some Person or Persons of competent Skill to be Inspector or Inspectors of Hides and Skins within such City, Liberty, Borough, or Market Town, or the respective Districts thereof; and also from Time to Time to appoint any other Inspector or Inspectors to supply any Vacancy that may arise by Death, Removal, or otherwise, of any such Inspector or Inspectors.

III. Provided always, That if any fix or more, or in case of any Difference of Opinion of the Majority of the Tanners, Curriers, or other Persons manufacturing of Leather, not being Journeymen or Apprentices or Persons working with or for any Master Currier, or Manufacturer of Leather for Hire, and who shall be then rehding and carrying on such Trade or Manufacture within such City, Liberty, Borough, or Market Town, or the District thereof respectively, and who shall have respectively delivered in Writing their respective Names and Places of Abode, and Occupations in such Manufacture of Leather as aforesaid, shall recommend, in Writing, to the Person or Persons authorised by this Act to appoint inspedorp of Raw Hides and Skins, two Persons proper to be appointed Inspectors in every Place where one Inspector shall be necessary, or four Persons proper to be appointed Inspectors as aforesaid, where two Inspectors shall be requisite, then one or two of such Persons so recommended, as the Case may require, and no other, shall be appointed to be such Inspector or Inspectors as aforesaid, provided that two or more Partners in Trade shall be considered as one Person only ui the Recommendation of such Inspectoror Inspectors: Provided also, That when any Complaint shall be made by any Person or Persons interested or dealing in any Raw Hides or Skins, in any such Place or Places appointed for the Inspection thereof as aforesaid, of any Mif-conduct or Neglect of Duty in any such Inspector as aforesaid, and due Proof thereof shall be made to the Satisfaction of the Person or Persons authorised by this Act to appoint Inspectors of Raw Hides and Skins for the City, Town Corporate, Borough, or Market Town, for which such Inspector as aforesaid shall a#, then and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons so authorised as aforesaid, and he and they is and are hereby respectively authorised and required to discharge such Inspector from the Execution of his Office, and to appoint another Inspector in like Manner as herein-before directed to supply the Vacancy occasioned by such Removal as aforesaid.

Mayors, &c. to appoint proper Places and Times for examining Raw Hides, and proper Person* to be In-speftor*.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Butcher or other Person, or his or her Servant, shall, after the first Day of August one thousand eight hundred, wilfully, negligently, or carelessly cut or flaw or ga(h the Hide or Skin of any Ox, Bull, Cow, Heifer, Steer, or Stirk, or of any Horse, Mare, Colt, or Gelding, or of any Calf, Hog, Pig, Sheep, or Lamb, so as to occasion any Injury to the same, or render it less useful and valuable for the Purpose of making Leather, or shall flay any Hide of any Ox, Bull, Cow, Heifer, Steer, Stirk, or Calf below the Knee or Gambrel, and shall thereof be convicted before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, City, or Town where such Hide or Skin shall be found, upon the Oath of any Inspector or Inspectors of Raw Hides or Skins appointed under this Act, or any other Witness or Witnesses, he or she shall forfeit and pay for every Hide or Skin so cut, flawed, or ga(hed, and for every Hide of every Ox, Bull, Cow, Heifer, Steer, Stirk, or Calf so flayed below the Knee or Gambrel as aforesaid, the several and respective Fines and Penalties following; (that is to fav,) A Sum not exceeding ten Shillings and not less than one Shilling, for the Raw Hide <jr Skin of every Ox, Ball, Cow, Heifer, Steer, or Stirk, so wilfully or negligently cut, ga(hed, or flawed in the flaying thereof,

Zzi or

If fix or morts Ma&ufalWrrs of Leather shall recommend to the Persons Authorized to appoint Infptft-ors, two proper Persons to be appointed where one In-speflor shall be necessary, or four where tw® shall be requisite, then one or two of them* as the Case may require, shall be appointed.

On Complaint of Misconduct or Neglect in any Inspector, he may be discharged and another appointed in his Room*

If any Person shall, after Aug. 1, 1800, wilfully or carelessly injure any Hide so as to render it less valuable for making Leather, &c. and shall be convicted thereof, he shall pay certain Penalties*

D by

356 C. 66. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Inspectors to take the following

or thit shall be so flayed below the Knee or Gambrel as aforesaid: A Sum not exceeding five Shillings nor less than Sixpence, for the Hide or Skin of every Calf so negligently or wilfully cut, gashed, or flawed in the flaying thereof, or that shall be so flayed or taken off below the Knee or Gambrel as aforesaid: A Sunt not exceeding five Shillings nor less than one Shilling, for the Hide or Skin of every Horse. Mare, or Gelding; and a Sum not exceeding Sixpence and not le(s than three Pence, for the Hide or Skin of every Hog, Pig, Sheep, or Lamb, which shall be so wilfully, or negligently, or carelessly damaged by Cuts, Gushes, or Flaws in the flaying thereof as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Person appointed an Inspector of Hides and Skins u der this Act shall, before he shall begin to execute his said Office, take an Oath, duly and faithfully to execute the same, which Oath the Person or Persons appointing such Inspector is and are hereby authorised to ad.nini-fter, and which Oath shall be in the Words following: that is to say,

Oath. 4 t A. B* do swear, That I will faithfully and diligently execute the Office of Inspector of Hides and Skins,

according to the true Intent and Meaning of an Act passed in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled An A£!y [here fit forth the Title of the At?,] without Favour or Afte&ion, Prejudice or Malice, to any Person whomsoever.

So help me GOD.

Inspectors to examine and mark Raw Hides and to be entitled to certain Fees.

If any Person other than the Inspector shall mark any Raw Hide he shall forfeit 20l.

Inspectors may impose Penalties not exceeding Half of the highest imposed by this Act for wilfully or carelessly cutting of Hides without their being adjudged by a Magistrate, subject to the Determination of Arbitrators.

And every such Inspector shall, with all due Care, examine and mark in Manner by this Act directed, all Raw Hides and Skins flayed within the District for which he shall be Inspector as aforesaid; and every such Inspector shall be entitled to demand and take for the examining and rqarking of the several and respective* Sorts of Raw Hides and Skins examined and marked by him in pursuance of this Act, the several and respective Sums following; (that is to say,) for the Hide of every Ox, Bull, Cow, Heifer, Steer, or Stiik, Horse, Mare, or Gelding, the Sum of one Penny; and for every Calf, Hog, or Pig Skin, the Sum of one Halfpenny; and for every Sheep or Lamb Skin, the Sum of one Farthing; and if any Person, to whom any such Raw Hide or Skin shall belong as aforesaid, or any other Person for him, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, other than such Inspector or Inspectors as aforesaid, or some Person or Persons authorised by him or them in that Behalf, shall (lamp or mark any Raw Skin or Hide with any Stamp or Mark usually the Stamp or Mark of any such Inspector, he or she shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of twenty Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such Inspector or Inspectors as aforesaid, upon the examining and inspeding of any Raw Hide or Skin that shall have been damaged in the flaying thereof, to impose such Penalty for the vgilful, careless, or negligent cutting, gaihing, or flawing, of such Hide or Skin, or for the flaying of any Hide, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, not exceeding one Half of the highest Amount of any Penalty imposed by this Act, in respect of any such Damage as shall in the Opinion of such Inspector or Inspectors be just and reasonable, according to the State of such Raw Hide or Skin, without having such Penalty adjudged by any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act, subject nevertheless to the Determination of any Arbitrators summoned in pursuance of this Act, in case the Person or Persons to whom such Hide or Skin shall belong, or any Person or Persons on his, her, or their Behalf, shall dispute the Payment of such Penalty, and give Notice in Writing, of his, her, or their Determination of having such Difference of Opinion or Dispute determined by such Arbitrators as aforesaid.

If an inspector

VII. Provided always, That in every Case where any Rich Inspector or Inspectors as aforesaid shall deem* shall deem any any such Person or Persons liable to any higher Amount of Penalty, in respect of the Damage done to any Person liable to such Hide or Skin, than such Half Amount as aforesaid, then and in every such Case, such Inspector or in-Haif ^>e^ors Proceed for the Recovery thereof by information before any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace*

he* Hi all proceed in Manner by this Act directed.

for Recovery thereof by Information before a Magistrate.

The whole Penalty to be paid to the inspector wholhali impose or inform for it.

Inspectors to provi e Stamps for marking Hides at herein d. redded.

If Penalty or Fee for marking Hides be not paid, any Inspector may ftize and hll them, ucik'fj

VIII. Provided also, That the whole Penalty imposed by any such inspector or Inspectors as aforesaid, in respect of any such damaged Hide or Skin, and also the whole Penalty that shall be adjudged by any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, upon the Information of any Inspector or Inspectors who shall have deemed it necessary to inform for the same, in Manner herein-before mentioned, shall go and be paid to the inspector or Inspectors, who shall impose or inform for any such Penalties respectively as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every such inspector of Raw Hides and Skins appointed under this Act, shall provide two different and distinct Stamps or Marks, the orte thereof (that is to say,) the Letter S. to denote good and perfect Raw Hides and Skins, and the other thereof, (that is to say,) the Letter D. to denote damaged Hides or Skins; with the first of which Stamps or Marks he shall stamp or mark on or near the Tail, every Raw Hide or Skin that is not damaged in the flaying thereof, and with the latter of which Stamps or Marks he shall stamp or mark on one of the Fore S.unks every Raw Hide or Skin that is damaged in the flaying thereof, upon being paid the Penalty determined by this Act imposed for the wilful, careless, or negligent, cutting, gaihing, or flawing of any Hide or Skin in the flaying thereof, or for the flaying of any Hfoe, contrary to the Provisions of this Act; and if any Person or Persons to whom any such damaged Hide or Sk n shall belong, shall refuse to pay the Penalty by this Act imposed for cutting, gaQiing, or flawing of Raw Hides or Skins in the flaying thereof, or for any Hide not aifowed by this Act to be flayed below the Gambrel or Knee, that shall be so flayed as aforesaid, or shall refuse or neglect to pay the several Sums of Money herein-before allowed to be taken for inspecting, examining, and marking, any Raw Hides or

Skins, it shall be lawful for the inspector or Inspectors who shall examine any such Hide or Skui, or for any

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 66. 357

other Inspector or Inspectors* forthwith to seize any such Raw Hide or Skin as aforesaid, and unless such Notice be given Penalty shall be paid in less than forty-eight Hours after such Seizure so made as aforesaid, or unless Notice of havinS shall be given by the Pei fop or Persons to whom such Mde or Skin shall belong, or any Person on his, her, or ^Arbitrators, their Behalf, of his, her, or their Intention of having such Hide or Skin ppiduced, and the Dispute thereon y ‘ r decided by Arbitrators, to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for such Inspector or Inspectors to sell or cause to be sold the same, and to retain the Penalty determined by this Act imposed as aforesaid, and every reasonable Expence incurred therein, and the (dverpluv (if any such there be) shall be returned to the Person or Persons to whom such Raw Hide or Skin flul; nave belonged as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand eight hundred, if prom Aug. 1, any Butcher or s other Person re Tiding in any City, Town Corporate, Borough, or Market Town, or 1800, if any within the District thereof, for which an Inspector or Inspectors shall have been appointed as aforesaid, Person within shall wilfully neglect or omit to bring any Raw Hide or Skin belonging to him or her of any Ox, Bull, Cow, any Heifer, Steer, or Stirk, Hoile, Mare, or Gelding, Calf, Hog, Pig, Sheep, or Lamb, by this Act required J^eAor^/s^etn to be stamped or marked, to (tune Place appointed in pursuance of this Act, in such City, Town Corpo- appointed shall rate, Borough, or Market Town, for the examining and inspecting Raw Hides and Skins, within the neglect to bring Houfs prescribed for that Purpose; or if any Butcher or ocher Person shall remove of take away from such an>' :taNV Hide Place, any such Raw H.dc or Skin that shall have been flayed within any City, Town Corporate, Bo- J? t,lc ProPcr rough, or Market Town, or within any District belonging thereto, for the Purposes of this Act, within or ml^cd or for which any (udv Inspector or Inspectors shall have been appointed under this Act as aforesaid, that shall shall remove not have been examined and marked by some Inspector of Raw Hides and Skins appointed under this Act, therefrom any or by some Person authorized by him, and approved by any Magistrate of the District for which such In- that shall not spector shall be appointed; every such Butcher or other Person shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, for every such Raw Hide or Skin so neglected or omitted to be shall be liable to brought to such Place appointed for the Inspection thereof as aforesaid, and within the Hours prescribed for a Pcmlry, not that Purpose, or so removed or taken away before such Hide or Skin shall have been stamped or marked as exceeding 5l. aforesaid. nor bfi than

40s. for each Skin#

XI. Provided always, That if any such Butcher, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall give Notice in Writing to the Inspector or Inspectors of such City, Town Corporate, Borough, or Market Town, of his or her intention of carrying his or her Raw Hides or Skins to any other Place where any Inspector or Inspectors shall be appointed under this Act, for any Period not Ms than one Calendar Month, following the Date of such Notice; then, and in such Case, it shall be lawful for such Butcher, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, to carry tuch Raw Hides or Skins to any such other Place as aforesaid, during the Period mentioned in such Notice, for the Purpose of having the same Hides or Skins examined and marked in pursuance of this Act, and from Time to Time to renew such Notice for any further Period, not less than one Calendar Month as aforesaid.

If any Person shall give Notice to the Inspector of his Intention to carry his Raw Hides to any other Place for Inspection for not less than a Month, he may do so.

XII. And be it further enacted, That irveafe any Difference of Opinion or Dispute shall arise between any Butcher or other Person or Persons, and any Inspector or Inspectors, whether any Hide or Skin has been injured in the flaying thereof, or rendered less ult ful and valuable for the Purpose of Leather, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, before whom such Difference or Dispute shall be brought by any such Inspector or inspectors, or Butcher or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, and he is htreby authorised, empowered, and required within forty-eight Hours to summon any five impartial and respectable Persons, who shall be engaged or concerned in the working or manufacturing of I cather, to whom, or to any three or more of such Persons so summoned as aforesaid, such Difference or Dispute shall be referred, and who are hereby authorised and required to hear and finally determine the same within the Sp^ce of twenty-four Hours; and before any such Person so summoned shall ac! in hearing or determining any such Dispute, he shall take an Oath before such Magistrate or Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, (which Oath the said Magistrate or Justice of the Peace is hereby empowered to administer,) that he will do equal Justice between the Parties concerned in such Difference or Dispute, and such Magistrate or Justice of the Peace shall cause the Raw Hide or Skin, or Raw Hides or Skins whereon such Difference or Dispute shall arise, to be produced to such Persons as aforesaid, and such Difference or Dispute to be heard before them; and the Decision of fucif Persons, or the major Part of them thereon, shall be binding and conclusive on all the Parties intended in such Difference* or Dffpute, and the Party or Parties against whom such Decision shall be given shall be Liable to and pay the Coils of summoning, and Attendance of such Persons before-mentioned, and all incidental Expences incurred thereby, to be settled, ascertained, and allowed by the Magistrate or Justice of the Peace who shall summon such Persons as aforesaid.

In case of Dispute whether Hid's have been injured, the Magistrate shall summon five Ptrfom engaged in the working of Leather, three of whom may determine finally the same. Such Persons to take an Oath to do equal Justice.

The Party v against whom the Decision shall be given shall pay all Expences, to be ascertained by the Magistrate.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be duly summoned upon any such Difference or Dispute as aforesaid, shall nevertheless refuse or negiedl to attend at the Time and Place mentioned in such Summons, unless he shall give such Reason for his Non attendance as may be deemed satisfactory by the Magistrate or Justice of the Peace summoning such Jury, he shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of forty Shillings.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted and imposed by this Act, and not otherwise dffposed of*, shall go and be Jstribuetd in Manner following; (that is to say,) one Half of every such Penalty or Forfeiture shall go and be paid to the Person who shall inform against, and prosecute

Persons summoned and not attending to forfeit 40s.

Application of Penalties.

[*&*§ 8.]

35^ C. 66. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

prosecuteto Conviction, every such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid; and toother Half thereof shall go and be applied for the better carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Act, either in rewarding, with any Proportion thereof, any inspector or Inspectors of Raw Hides and Skins, acting in the District within which any such Penalties shall have been incurred, or in the paying any Juchr Charges or Expences as have arisen in establishing any such Place or Places for the Inspection of Raw Hides and Skins as aforesaid, or for any Purpose relating to the Care, Improvement, or continuing of any such Place or Places, in such Proportion, and in such Ways, and towards such of the said last mentioned Purposes, as the Person or Persons appointing any such Place or Places, to whom such last mentioned Moiety, when recovered, shall be paid for the Purposes herein mentioned, shall, with the Approbation and Consent of any fix or more, or in case of any Difference of Opinion, of the Majority of the Persons dealing in the Manufactory of Leather, (not being Journeymen or Apprentices, or Persons working with or for any Master Currier or Manufacturer of Leather for Hire,) who shall deliver their Opinions in Writing to such Person or Persons in Manner [* S" §3*1 herein-before directed with respect to the Recommendation of any Inspector or Inspectors, direct; and if any Person or Persons, to whom any such Moiety of any such Penalties or Forfeitures shall be paid for the Purposes, aforesaid, shall misapply such Monies, or neglect or refuse to apply the same to the Purposes of this Act, in Manner herein-before directed, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit double the Sum so retained or misapplied as aforesaid, to be sued for, recovered, and applied as any Penalty, by this Act imposed, may be sued for, recovered, and applied.

XV. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to the Cities of London or Westminster, or the Borough of Southwark, or any of the Liberties thereof, or to any Place or Places within fifteen Miles of the Royal Exchange of the said City of London.

Act not to extend to London, Westminster, Southwark, or any Place within 15 Miles of the Royal Exchange,

'Penalties recoverable before one Magistrate by Distress and Sale; and for Default of Distress the Offender to suffer not exceeding one Month’s Imprisonment.

Persons aggrieved by any Judgment, where the Penalty exceeds 10s. may appeal to the Sessions.

No Certiorari allowed. Information for Offences to be laid within three Days after committed.

Convictions may be made in the following Form,

[Publick Act.]

Conviction to be filed.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Penalty and Forfeiture imposed by this A St shall and may be recoverable before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Division, or any Magistrate or Magistrates of any City, Town Corporate, Borough, Liberty, or Jurisdiction or Place where the Offence shall be committed, upon Conviction or Confession of the Party, or on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, and such Penalty and Forfeiture shall be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, Magistrate or Magistrates, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending, and in case such Distress cannot be found, and such Penalty and Forfeiture and the said Costs and Charges shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices, Magistrate or Magistrates, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, for any Time not exceeding one Month, until the said Penalty and Forfeiture, and Costs and Charges, shall respectively be sooner paid and satisfied.

XVII. Provided always, That in case any Person or Persons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justice or Justices, Magistrate or Magistrates, in any Case where the Penalty adjudged shall exceed the bum of ten Shillings, then he or they shall or may, upon giving Security to the Amount of the Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with such Costs as shall be awarded in case such Judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices at the netft General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place as aforesaid, who are hereby empowered finally to hear and determine the same, and in case the Judgment of such Justice or Justices shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Justices at their General or Quarter Sessions as aforesaid, to award the Person or Persons to pay such Costs occasioned by such Appeal as to them shall seem meet \ and no such Judgment or Conviction shall be removable by Certiorari into any Court whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Information for any Offence committed against this A St shall be laid before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, Magistrate or Magistrates, within three Day^ after the said Offence has been committed, and that other wile such Information shall be of no

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every such Conviction before one or more Justice or Justices, may be made in the Form following; to wit,

BE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year yf, B. was, upon the

Complaint of C. ZX, convicted before of the Justices of the Peace for the said County of for c^e Riding or Division of the said County of or, for the said City, Liberty, DistriCfc, or

Town of (as the Case shall happen to be,) in pursuance of an Act, pasted in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, for (<?r, as the Case may be). Given under Hand

and Seal, the Day and Year above written.’

Which Conviction shall be certified to the next General Quarter Sessions, there to be filed amongst the Records of the County, Riding, or Division.

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, and all other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

---

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 67. 359

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland.

[2d July 1800.]

---

WHEREAS in pursuance of his Majesty's most gracious Recommendation to the two Houses of Parliament in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, to consider of such Measures as might best tend to strengthen and consolidate the Connection between the two Kingdoms, the two Houses of the Parliament of Great Britain and the two Houses of the Parliament of Ireland have severally agreed and resolved, that, in order to promote and secure the essential Interests of Great Britain and Ireland, and to consolidate the Strength, Power, and Resources of the British Empire, it will be advisable to concur in such Measures as may best tend to unite the two Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland into one Kingdom, in such Manner, and on such Terms and Conditions, as may be established by the Acts of the respective Parliaments of Great Britain and Ireland:

[The Parliaments of England and Ireland have agreed upon the articles following.]

And whereas, in furtherance of the said Resolution, both Houses of the said two Parliaments respectively have likewise agreed upon certain Articles for effectuating and establishing the said Purposes, in the Tenor following:

ARTICLE FIRST.

[That Great Britain and Ireland shall, upon Jan. 1, 1801, be united into one Kingdom; and that the Titles appertaining to the Crown, &c. shall be such as his Majesty shall be pleased to appoint.]

That it be the first Article of the Union of the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, that the said Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland shall, upon the first Day of January which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and one, and for ever after, be united into one Kingdom, by the Name of The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and that the Royal Stile and Titles appertaining to the Imperial Crown of the said United Kingdom and its Dependencies, and also the Ensigns, Armorial Flags and Banners thereof, shall be such as his Majesty, by his Royal Proclamation under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, shall be pleased to appoint.

ARTICLE SECOND.

[That the Succession to the Crown shall continue limited and settled as present.]

That it be the second Article of Union, that the Succession to the Imperial Crown of the said United Kingdom, and of the Dominions thereunto belonging, shall continue limited and settled in the same Manner as the Succession to the Imperial Crown of the said Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland now stands limited and settled, according to the existing Laws, and to the Terms of Union between England and Scotland.

ARTICLE THIRD.

[That the United Kingdom be represented in one Parliament.]

That it be the third Article of Union, that the said United Kingdom be represented in one and the same Parliament, to be stiled The Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

ARTICLE FOURTH.

[That four Lords Spiritual, and 28 Lords Temporal, and 100 Commoners, shall sit and vote on the Part of Ireland in the Parliament of the United Kingdom.]

---

That it be the fourth Article of Union, that four Lords Spiritual of Ireland by Rotation of Sessions, and twenty-eight Lords Temporal of Ireland, elected for Life by the Peers of Ireland, shall be the Number to sit and vote on the Part of Ireland in the House of Lords of the Parliament of the United Kingdom; and one hundred Commoners (two for each County of Ireland, two for the City of Dublin, two for the City of Cork, one for the University of Trinity College, and one for each of the thirty-one most considerable Cities, Towns, and Boroughs), be the Number to sit and vote on the Part of Ireland in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom:

That such Act’ as shall be passed in Ireland to regulate the Mode of summoning and returning

the Lords and Commoners to serve in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, shall be considered as Part of the Treaty of Union.

That all Questions touching the Rotation or Election of Lords Spiritual or Temporal of Ireland to sit in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, shall be decided by the House of Lords thereof; and whenever, by reason of an Equality of Votes in the Election of any such Lords Temporal, a complete Election shall not be made according to the true Intent of this Article, the Names of those Peers for whom such Equality of Votes shall be so given, shall be written on Pieces of Paper of a similar Form, and shall be put into a Glass, by the Clerk of the Parliaments at the Table of the House of Lords, whilst the House is sitting; and the Peer or Peers, whose Name or Names shall be first drawn out by the Clerk of the Parliaments, shall be deemed the Peer or Peers elected, as the Case may be:

That such Act as shall be passed in the Parliament of Ireland previous to the Union, to regulate the Mode by which the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, to serve in the Parliament of the United Kingdom on the Part of Ireland, shall be summoned and returned to the fai^l Parliament, shall be confvdered as forming Part of the Treaty of Union, and shall be incorporated in the Acts of the respective Parliaments by which the said Union shall be ratified and established:

Lords of Ireland to fit in the United Parlut-raent shall be decided by the House of Lords thereof. Equality of Vote«»

360 C. 67. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

That any Peer of Ireland may be elected to serve in the House of Com* mans of the United Kingdom, unless prevmufly clcfled to fit in the House of

His Majesty may create Peers, and make Promotions in the Peerage of Ireland after the Union, under certain Regulations.

That any Person holding any Peerage of Ireland now subsisting, or hereafter to be created, shall not thereby be disqualified from being elected to serve if he shall so think fit, or from serving or continuing to serve, if he shall so think fit, for any County, City, or Borough of Great Britain, in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, unless he shall have been previously elected as above, to fit in the House of Lords of the United Kingdom; but that so long as such Peer of IrelandOttiW so continue to be a Member of the House of Commons, he shall not be entitled to the Privilege of Peerage, nor be capable of being elected to serve as a Peer on the Part of Ireland, or of voting at any such Election; and that he shall be liable to be sued, indicted, proceeded against, and tried as a Commoner, for any Offence with which he may be charged:

Lords, but shall not be entitled to the Privilege of Peerage, &c.

That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to create Peers of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and to make Promotions in the Peerage thereof after the Union; provided that no new Creation of any such Peers shall take place after the Union until three of the Peerages of Ireland, which shall have been existing at the Time of the Union, shall have become extinct; and upon such Extinction of three Peerages, that it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to create one Peer of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and in like Manner so often as three Peerages of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland shall become extinct, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to create one other Peer of the said Part of the United Kingdom; and if it shall happen that the Peers of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, shall, by Extinction of Peerages or otherwise, be reduced to the Number of One Hundred, exclusive of all such Peers of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, as shall hold any Peerage of Great Britain subsisting at the Time of the Union, or of the United Kingdom created since the Union, by which such Peers shall be entitled to an Hereditary Seat in the House of Lords of the United Kingdom, then and in that Case it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to create one Peer of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland as often as any one of such One Hundred Peerages shall fail by Extinction, or as often as any one Peer of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland shall become entitled, by Descent or Creation, to an Hereditary Seat in the House of Lords of the United Kingdom; it being the true Intent and Meaning of this Article, that at all Times after the Union it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to keep up the Peerage of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland to the Number of one hundred, over and above the Number of such of the said Peers as shall be entitled, by Descent or Creation, to an Hereditary Seat in the House of Lords of the United Kingdom:

That if any Peerage shall at any Time be in Abeyance, such Peerage shall be deemed and taken as an existing Peerage; and no Peerage shall be deemed extinA, unless on Default of Claimants to the Inheritance of such Peerage for the Space of one Year from the Death of the Person who shall have been last possessed thereof; and if no Claim shall be made to the Inheritance of such Peerage, in such Form and Manner as may from Time to Time be prescribed by the House of Lords of the United Kingdom, before the Expiration of the said Period of a Year, then and in that Case such Peerage shall be deemed extinA; provided that nothing herein shall exclude any Person from afterwards putting in a Claim to the Peerage so deemed extinA; and if such Claim shall be allowed as valid, by Judgment of the House of Lords of the United Kingdom, reported to his Majesty, such Peerage shall be considered as revived; and in case any new Creation of a Peerage of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, shall have taken place in the Interval, in consequence of the supposed KxtinAion of such Peerage, then no new Right of Creation shall accrue to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in consequence of the next Extinction which shall take place of any Peerage of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland/ place in the Interval, no new Right of Creation shall accrue to his Majesty on the ntxt Extinction of a Peerage.

That all Questions touching the Election of Members to fit on the Part of Ireland in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom shall be heard and decided in the same Manner as Questions touching such Elections in Great Britain now are, or at any Time hereafter shall by Law be hcaid and decided; fuhjeA nevertheless to such particular Regulations in relpeA of Ireland, as, from local Circumstances, the Parliament of the United Kingdom may from Time to Time deem expedient 1

and their Qualifications in refjxCc of Property shall he the same as in England.

When his Majesty fh >ii dc- hre his Pita-fine lor holding Parliament of

That the Qualifications in respect of Property of the Members elected on the Part of Ireland to fit in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, shall be respectively the same as are now provided by Law in the Cases of Elections for Counties and Cities and Boroughs respectively in that Part of Great Britain ca’led England, unless any other Provision shall hereafter be made in that respect by Act of Parliament of the United Kii gdom:

That when his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall declare his, her, or their Pleasure for holding the first or any subsequent Parliament of the United Kingdom, a Proclamation shall issue, under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, to cause the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, who are to serve in the Parliament of Parliament thereof on the Part of Ireland, to be returned in such Manner ashy any Act of this prefenc t!icL'nitcdC l° Session of the Parliament of Ireland shall be provided; and that the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Kingdom a Pro- Commons of Great Britain shall, together with the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons so reclaim* on shall turned as aforesaid on the Part of Ireland, Constitute the two Houses of the Parliament of the United illir:to cajfc Kingdom I

the Lords and 0

Commons who are to serve cn the Part of Ireland, to be returned as shall be provided by any Att of the present Session in Ireland.

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 67. 361

That if his Majesty, on or before the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, on which Day the Union is to take place, shall declare, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, that it is expedient that the Lords and Commons of the present Parliament of Great Britain should be the Members of the respective Houses of the first Parliament of the United Kingdom on the Part of Great Britain; then the said Lords and Commons of the present Parliament of Great Britain shall accordingly be the Members of the respective flouts of the first Parliament of the United Kingdom on the Part of Great Britain; and they, together with the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, so summoned and returned as above on the Part of Ireland, shall be the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons of the first Parliament of the United Kingdom; and such first Parliament may (in thu Case) if not sooner dissolved, continue to fit so long as the present Parliament of Great Britain may now by Law continue to fit, if not sooner distolved: Provided always, That until an Act shall have passed in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, providing in what Cases Persons holding Offices or Places of Profit under the Crown of Ireland, shall be incapable of being Members of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom no greater Number of Members than twenty, holding such Offices or Places as aforesaid, shall be capable of sitting in the said House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom; and if such a Number of Members shall be returned to serve in the said House as to make the whole Number of Members of the said House holding such Offices or Places as aforesaid more than twenty, then and in such Case the Seats or Places of such Members as shall have last accepted such Offices or Places shall be vacated, at the Option of such Members, foas to reduce the Number of Members holding such Offices or Places to the Number of twenty; and no Person holding any such Office or Place shall be capable of being elected or of fitting in the said House, while there are twenty Persons holding such Offices or Places fitting in the said House; and that every one of the Lords of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and every Member of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, in the first and all succeeding Parliaments, shall, until the Parliament of the United Kingdom shall otherwise provide, take the Oaths, and make and subscribe the Declaration, and take and subscribe the Oath now by Law enjoined to be taken, made, and subscribed by the Lords an^ Commons of the Parliament of Great Britain: what Cases Persons holding Offices of Profit under the Crown in Ireland,

If his Majesty, on or before Jan. r, 180r, shall declare it expedient that the present Parliament of Great Britain should bt> the Members of the respective House s of the first Parliament of the United Kingdom on the Part of Great Britain^ they and the Lords and Commons returned on the Part of Ireland may continue to fit so long as the present Parliament of Great Britain may; but until an Act shall have passed in the United Parliament,

providing in

shall be incapable of fitting in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, no more than ao such Members shall fit therein; and if there are more than that Number the Seats or Places of such as shall have last accepted such Offices shall be vacated, fb as to reduce them to 20. The Lords and Commons of the United Parliament shall take the Oaths, &cg* as enjoined to be taken by the Lords and Commons of the British Parliament.

That the Lords of Parliament on the Part of Ireland, in the House of Lords of the United Kingdom, shall at all Times have the same Privileges of Parliament which shall belong to the Lords of Parliament on the Part of Great Britain; and the Lords Spiritual and Temporal respectively on the Part of Ireland shall at all Times have the same Rights in respect of their sitting and voting upon the Trial of Peers, as the Lords Spiritual and Temporal respectively on the Part of Great Britain; and that all Lords Spiritual of Ireland shall have Rank and Precedency next and immediately after the Lords Spiritual of the same Rank and Degree of Great Britain, and shall enjoy all Privileges as fully as the Lords Spiritual of Great Britain do now or may hereafter enjoy the same (the Right and Privilege of sitting in the House of Lords, and the Privileges depending thereon, and particularly the Right of sitting on the Trial of Peers, excepted); and that the Persons holding any temporal Peerages of Ireland, existing at the Time of the Union, shall, from and after the Union, have Rank and Precedency next and immediately after all the Persons holding Peerage of the like Orders and Degrees in Great Britain, subsisting at the Time of the Union; and that all Peerages of Ireland created after the Union shall have Rank and Precedency with the Peerages of the United Kingdom, so created, according to the Dates of their Creations: and that all Peerages both of Great Britain and Ireland, now subsisting or hereafter to be created, shall in all other Respects, from the Date of the Union, be considered as Peerages of the United Kingdom; and that the Peers of Ireland shall, as Peers of the United Kingdom, be sued and tried as Peers, except as aforesaid, and shall enjoy all Privileges of Peers as fully as the Peers of Great Britain; the Right and Privilege of sitting in the House of Lords, and the Privileges depending thereon, and the Right of sitting on the Time of Peers, only excepted:

Part of Great Britain; and ail Lords Spiritual of Ireland shall have Rank next alter the Lords Spiritual of the same

Britain and Ireland, now subsisting or hereafter to be created, shall in all other Respects, from the of the Union, be considered as Peerages of the United Kingdom; and that the Peers of Ireland shall.

Great Date of the

shall enjoy the same Privileges, (except those depending upon fitting in the House of Lords); and the* Temporal

Peers of Ireland, at the Time of the Union, shall have Rank next after the Peers of the like Rank in Great Britain; and alhPeeragCi 0i Ireland and of the United Kingdom created after the Umon, shall have Rank according to Creation; and all Peerages of Great Britain and of Ireland shall in all other Respects, be considered as Peerages of the United Kingdom; and the Peers of Ireland shall enjoy all Privileges, except those depending upon fitting in the House of Lords.

ARTICLE FIFTH.

That it be the Fifth Article of Union, That the Churches of England and Ireland, as now by Law established, be united into one Protestant Episcopal Church, to be called, The United Church of England and Ireland; and that the Doctrine, Worship, Discipline, and Government of the said United Church shall be, and shall remain in full force for ever, as the same are now by Law established for the Church of England; and that the Continuance and Preservation of the said United Church, as the established Church of England and Ireland, shall be deemed and taken to be an essential and fundamental Part of the Union; and that in like Manner the Doctrine, Worship, Discipline, and Government of the Church of Scotland, shall remain and be preserved as the same are now established by Law, and by the Acts for the Union of the two Kingdoms of England and Scotland.

ARTICLE SIXTH.

That it be the Sixth Article of Union, That his Majesty's Subjects of Great Britain and Ireland shall, from and after the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, be entitled to the same Privileges,

The Churchei

of England and Ireland shall be united into one Protestant Episcopal Church, and the Church of iiot-land shall remain a.s row citabiished.

The Subjects of Great Lniam and it eland shall be on the

362 C. 67. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

famr Footing in vileges, and be on the same Footing, as to Encouragements and Bounties jon the like Articles being the FndNavf arion ^rowt^» Produce, or Manufacture of either Country respectively, and generally in respedk of Trade and Ind in^Trca- Navigation in all Ports and Places in the United Kingdom and its Dependencies; and that in all Treaties ties with made by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with any Foreign Power, his Majesty's Subjects of

Foreign Powers land shall have the same Privileges, and be on the same Footing as his Majesty's Subie&s of Gnat the Subjects of Britain:

1; eland shall have the same Privileges as British Subjects.

From jabunry That, from the first Pay of January one thousand eight hundred and one# all Prohibitions and Boun* v ur'?all ties on l^e Export of Articles, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of either Country, to the other, dnd Bounties ceak and determine; and that the said Articles shall thenceforth be exported from one Country to

cn the Export the other, without Duty or Bounty on such Export: of Articles the Produce or Manufacture of cither Country to the other shall cease.

All Articles the That all Articles, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of either Country, (not herein after enume* 1 ufadure°r£* ratec* as rubiea to ^Pec‘fic Duties,) shall from thenceforth be imported into each Country from the other, either Country, ^ree ^rom I^uty, other than such Countervailing Duties on the several Articles enumerated in the Schedule cot herein-atter Number One A. and B. hereunto annexed, as are therein specified, or to such other Countervailing Duties enumerated as as shall hereafter be imposed by the Parliament of the United Kingdom, in the Manner herein after pro* subjecto vided; and that, for the Period of twenty Years from the Union, the Articles enumerated in the Schedule ftaii'be *>UtieS* Number Two hereunto annexed, shall be subject, on Importation into each Country from the other, to the poited^into each Duties specified in the said Schedule Number Two; and the Woollen Manufactures,*known by the Names Country from of Old and New Drapery, shall pay, on Importation into each Country from the other, the Duties now the other, Duty payable on Importation into Ireland: Salt and Hops, on Importation into Ireland from Great Britain, free, other dun Duties not exceeding those which are now paid on Importation into Ireland; and Coals, on Importation vad^Dmits into IrelandIsonx Great Britain, shall be subject to Burthens not exceeding those to which they are now1 in the Schedule subject I

No. 1. or to such as shall hereafter be imposed by the United Parliament; and for 20 Years from the Union, the Articles in Schedule No. 1. shall be fuhjrA, on Importation into each Country, to the Duties in the salt! Schedule; and Old and New Drapery shall pay, on Importation into each Coua* try, the Duty now payable on Importation into Ireland; Salt, Hops, and Coals, on Importation into Ireland, not exceeding the present Duties*

Callicoes and Muslin*on Importation into either Country shall be subject to the Duties now payable on the Importation thereof from Great Britain Into Ireland, till January 5, 180S, which shall tl tn be

That Callicoes and Muslins shall, on their Importation into either Country from the other, be subject and liable to the Duties now payable on the same on the Importation thereof from Great Britain into Inland, until the fifth Day of January one thousand eight hundred and eight; and from and after the said Day, the said Duties shall be annually reduced, by equal Proportions as near as may be in each Year, so as that the said Duties shall stand at ten per Centum from and after the fifth Day of January one thousand eight hundred and sixteen, until the fifth Day of January one thousand eight hundred and twenty-one: And that Cotton Yarn and Cotton Twist shall, on their Importation into cither Country from the other, be subject and liable to the Duties now payable upon the same on the Importation thereof from Great Britain into Ireland, until the fifth Day of January one thousand eight hundred and eight j and from and after the said Day, the said Duties shall be annually reduced, by equal Proportions as near as may be in each Year, so as that all Duties shall cease on the said Articles from and after the fifth Day of January one ar.nuaiiy rc- thousand eight hundred and sixteen:

duced To as to ftind at jo per Cent, from January 5, iS 16, until January 5, 1821: Cotton Yarn and Twist shall, on Importation into either Country, tc fuhjetf to the Duties now payable on Importation from Great Britain into Ireland, until January 5, 1808, and shall then be annually reduced, (0 as that ail Duties shall c.-afe from January 5, 1816.

Articles of the Produce or Manufacture of cither Country, subject 10 Inter-n.il Duty, or to Duty on the Materials, may be fuhjt&ed on Importation info each C untry to Countervail-i*5 Untie*, and upon their Export a Drawback of the Duty shall be allowed.

That any Articles of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of either Country, which are or may be subject to Internal Duty, or to Duty on the Materials of which they are composed, may be made subject, on their Importation into each Country respectively from the other, to such Countervailing Duty as shall appear to be just and reasonable in respect of such Internal Duty or Duties on the Materials; and that for the said Purposes the Articles specified in the said Schedule Number One, A. and B. shall be subject to the Duties set ferth therein, liable to be taken off, diminished, or increased, in the Manner herein specified; and that upon the Export of the said Articles from each Country to the other respectively, a Drawback (brill be given enual in Amount to the Countervailing Duty payable oil such Articles on the Import thereof into the same Country from the other; and that in like Manner in future it shall be competent to the United Parliament to impose any new or additional Countervailing Duties, or to take off or diminish such existing Countervailing Duties as may appear, on like Principles, to be just and reasonable in respect of any future or additional Internal Duty on any Article of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of either Country, or of any new or additional Duty on any Materials of which such Article may be com poled, or of any Abatement of Duty on the same; and that when any such new or additional Countervailing Duty shall be so imposed on <hc Import of any Article into either Country from the other, a Drawback, equal in Amount to such Countervailing Duty, shall be given in like Manner on the Export of every such Article respectively from the same Country to the other:

Artises the That ail Articles, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of either Country, when exported through

produce or Ma- the other, shall in ail Cases be exported subject to the same Charges as if they had been exported directly nufailure of from the Country of which they were the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture:

eith-r Country

when txporud through the ether, shall be subject to the same Charges as if exported directly from the Country of which they were the Product or Max*uX.;tturc. 4

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 67. 363

That all Duty charged on the Import of Foreign or Colonial Goods into either Country shall, on their Duty 0 n *5?, Export to the other, he either drawn back, or the Amount, (if any be retained,) shall be placed to the Credit of the Country to which they shall be so exported, so long as the Expenditure of the United nui Goods into Kingdom shall be defrayed by proportional Contributions: Provided always, That nothing herein shall ex- either Country tend to take away any Duty, Bounty, or Prohibition, which exists with respect to Corn, Meal, Malt, shall be draw* Flour, or Biscuit; but that all Duties, Bounties, or Prohibitions, on the said Articles, may be regu- hack, or if any feted, varied, or repealed, from Time to Time, as the United Parliament shall deem expedient. becred!tedtothe

Country to which exported, so long as the Expenditure of the United Kingdom shall’ be defrayed determined by proportion*! Contributions: Act Itiall not take away toy Duty, Bounty, or Prohibition with respect to Corn, &c. which may be regulated as the United Parliament shall deem expedient.

SCHEDULE, Number One.

0

Of the Articles to be charged with Countervailing Duties upon Importation from Ireland into Great Britain, and from Great Britain into Ireland respectively, according to the Sixth Article of Union*

At

On Importation into Great Britain from Ireland.

articles.

BEER.—For every Barrel confiding of thirty-six Gallons, English Beer Measure, of Irish Beer, Ale, or Mum/which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Importer thereof

Customs. Excite.

£* X. d. £. s. d*

BRICKS and TILES.1—For every thousand of Irish Bricks For every thousand of Irish plain Tiles ..

For every thousand of Irish Pan or Ridge Tiles -

For every hundred of Irish Paving Tiles, not exceeding ten Inches square For every hundred of Irish Paving Tiles exceeding ten Inches square For every thousand of irish Tiles, other than such as are herein-before enumerated and described, by whatsoever Name or Names such Tiles are or may be called or known -

- 5 —

- 410

- 1* to

- 4 10

r 410

CANDLES.—For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish Candles of Tal- low, and other Candles whatsoever (except Wax and Spermaceti)

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish Candles; which may be made of Wax or Spermaceti, or which are usually called or sold either for Wax or Spermaceti, notwithstanding the Mixture of any other Ingredient therewith -

CHOCOLATE, (sfr.—For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish Cocoa, Cocoa Paste, or Chocolate -

CORDAGE; videlicet.—To be used as Standing Rigging, or other Cordage

made from Topt Hemp, the Ton, containing twenty hundred Weight io 3 Of any other Sort, Cable Yarn, Packthread, and Twine, the Ton, containing twenty hundred Weight % - -444

CYDER and PERRY.—For every Hogshead, confiding of sixty-three Gallons English Wine Mtafure, of Irish Cyder and Perry, which shall be imported as Merchandize or for Sale, and which shall be sent or consigned to any Factor or Agent to sell or dispose of -

19 2

;GLASS.—For every Square Foot Superficial Measure of IriJ; Plate Glass For every hundred Weight of Irish Flint, Enamel, Stained, Paste, or Phial

-GJafe - I

3 A 2

- 2

236

For

C. 67.

Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

ARTICLES. Customs Excite.

GLASS, continued. £. f- £ d.

For every hundred Weight of Irish Spread Window Glass, commonly called Broad Glass - 8 i

For every hundred Weight of Irish Window Glass (not being Spread Glass) whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known, by the Name of Gown Glass or German Sheet Gla/s 1 9 9

For every hundred Weight of Vessels made use of in Chemical Laboratories, and of Garden Glades,- and of all other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal, manufactured in Ireland, common Bottles excepted - 4-1

For every hundred Weight of any Sort or Species of Irish Glass, n«»t hereinbefore enumerated or described - z 2 —

Bottles of common Green Glais, the Dozen Quarts HOPS,—For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish Hops 9 — - lit

LEATHER, Unmanufactured.—-For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois bf Hides, of what Kind soever, and of Calf Skins, Kips, Hogs Skins, Do^ Skins, and Seal Skins, tanned in Ireland, and of Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins so tanned for Gloves and Bazils, which shall be imported in the whole Hide or Skin, and neither dut nor'diminished in’ any Respect whatever For every Dozen of Goat Skins tanned in Ireland to resemble Spanish Leather For every Dozen of Sheep Skins tanned in Ireland for Roans, being after the "Nature of Spanish Leather -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Hides or Skins'not hereinbefore enumeraicd1 and described, and of all Pieces and Parts of Hides or Skips which shall be tanned in Ireland -

For all Hides of Horses, Mares, and Geldings, which shall be dressed in Allurn and Salt or Mdal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland, for each and every such Hide -

For all Hides of Steers, Cows, or any other Hides of vfchat Kind fdever (those of Horses, Mares, and Geldings excepted) which shall be dressed in Allum and Salt, of Meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland, for each and every such Hide -

ffor every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Calf Skins, Kips, and Seal Skins, "Which shall be so dre(Ted in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or other wise tawed in Ireland and Imported into Graf Britain, in the Whole Skin, neither cut '* ‘nor diminilhfed in ariy respect whatever -

For every Dozen of Slink Calf Skins which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed with the Hair on, in Ireland ' For every Dozen of Slink Calf Skins which shall be so dressed in Allum and-Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed without Hair, in Ireland and for every Dozen of Dog Skins and Kid Skins, which shall be drelfed in Allum and ’ Salt, or Meal, or otherwised tawed.in Ireland

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Buck and Doe Skins, which shall be dressed in Allurri and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland, and which shall be imported in the whole Skin, and neither cut nor diminished In any respect whatever -

For every Dozen of Goat Skins and Beaver Skins, which shall be 3refled in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins which, shall be dressed in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland, and which shall be imported in the whole Skin, and neither cut nor diminished in any respect whatever -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Hides and Skins, notherein-before enumerated and described, and of all Pieces or Parts of Hides or Skins, which shall be dressed in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Buck, Deer, and Elk Skins, which shall be drelled in Oil in Ireland, and imported in the wrrole Skin, and neither cut nor diminished in any respect whatever For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Sheep and Lamb Skins, which shall be drtlied in Oil in Ireland -

For every Pound Weigm Avoirdupois of all other Hides and Skins, and Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins, whion shall be dressed in Oil in Ireland

- 4-

1 '3

- 6

- 1 6

- 2

______6

_ 6

For

4

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 67. 365

ARTICLES. Customs. Excise.

LEATHER, continued. £. s. r - £ ,s. d.

For every Dozen of Irish Vellum - " - 3 5t

For every Dozen of Injh Parchment - LEATHER, Manufactured into Goods and Wares: For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of tanned Leather, manufactured and - 1 H

actually made into Goods or Wares in Ireland - For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish-made Boots and Shoes, and " — — ll

Gloves, and other Manufactures made of tawed or dreired Leather For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Buck and Deer Skins, and Elk Skins, drelfed in Oil and manufactured into Goods and Wares in

Ireland - " - For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Sheep and Lamb Skins, drafted — — I —

in Oil and manufactured into Goods or Wares in Ireland For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Hides and Skins, not herein-befort* enumerated or described, drafted in Oil and manufactured into

Goods or Wares in Ireland - -MEAD or METHEGLIN.— For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of 6 K

Irish Mead or Mytheglin - " PAPER.-—For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish Paper, fit or proper, or that may be used for or applied to the Uses or Purposes of Writing, Drawing, and Printing, Dr either of them, and of all Irish Elephant Papers and — I -J*

Cartridge Papers - Forty^ry Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish coloured Papers and whited Brovtn Papers (other than and except Elephant and Cartridge Papers) fit and proper for the Usejand Purpose of wrapping up Goods, and not nt or proper or capable of being used for or applied to the Purposes of Writing, Drawing^ - — 2f

and Printing, or either of them - For every Pound Wefght Avoirdupois of Irish Brown'Paper, fit and proper for the Use and Purpose of wrapping up Goods, and not fit or proper or capable of being used for or applied to the Uses and Purposes of Writing, Draw-

ing, and Printing; or either of them - For every Pound Weight ‘Avoirdupois of every Sort or Kind of Irish Paper, not herein-before enumerated or described, Sheathing, and Button Paper and T

Button Board excepted For everyone hundred Weight of Irish Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scale- " 2l

board - For every one hundred Weight of Irish glazed Papers for. Clothiers and Hot- — jo 6

prefters - For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Books, bound or unbound, and of Maps or Prints, Which (balLbe imported ‘fnto Great Britain dife&ly from

Ireland -PRINTED GOODS.-*- For every Yard fefuare of Irish printed, painted, or 1 ' 2L

stained Papers, to serve for Hangings, or other Uses For every Yard in Length, reckoning Yard-Wide, of foreign Callicoes and foreign Mullins, which shall be printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Ireland, 11

(except such as shall be dyeef throughout of one Colour,) over and above any Duty of Customs payable on the Importation of foreign Callicoes and

Mullins - For every Yard in Length, reckoning Yard-wide, of all Irish printed, painted, — — 7

stained, or dyed /rz/frr made Callicoes, Mullins, Linens, and Stuffs, made either of Cotton or Linen, mixed with other Materials, Fustians, Velvets, Velvtrets, Dimities, and other figured Stuffs; made of Cotton and other Materials mixed, or wholly made of Cotton Wool (except such as shall be dyed (throughout of one Colour only) -

- ,34 ’

For evd paind fry Yard in Length, reckoning Yard-wide,* of all Irish printed, stained, ^d, or dyed Irish-made Stuffs nor bef ore enumerated or described (ex- w 4

1 cept such a'S shall be dyed throughout of one Colour only, and except Stuffs

made! For evd staind [of Wooden* Or whereof the greatest Parc in value shall be Woollen)' ry Yard in Length, reckoning Half Yard wide, of all Ivish printed, d, painted, or dyed Silk, (Silk 'Handkerchiefs excepted,) over and mmm -3

above any Duty of Customs payable on the importation of Silk — - _»*

8 For-

C. 67.

Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

ARTICLES.

PRINTED GOODS, continued.

For every Yard square of Irish printed, ftaLned, painted, or dyed Silk Handkerchiefs, and so in proportion for. wide or narrow Silk Handkerchiefs* over and above every Duty of Customs payable on Silk

SALT.—-For every Bushel, confiding of fifty-six Pounds Weight Avoirdupois, of IriJJ) Salt, or Irish Glauber or irish Epsom Salt For every Bushel, confiding of sixty-five Pounds Weight Avoirdupois, of Irish Rock Salt

SILK — Manufactures of Ribbons and Stuffs of Silk only, the Pound, containing.sixteen. Ounces -

v Note.—'Two-thirds of the Weight of Gauze and One-third of the Weight of Crape, 4s to be deducted lor Gum and Dress.

Silk and Ribbons of Silk, mixed with Gold or Silver, the Pound, containing. sixteen Ounces T

Silk Stockings, Silk Gloves, Silk Fringe, Silk Laces, ditching or sewing Silk-fthe Pound, containing fixieen Ounces -

Silk, Manufactures of, not otherwise enumerated or described, the Pound, containing sixteen Ounces Stuffs of Silk and Grogram Yarn, the Pound, containing sixteen Ounces Stuffs of Silk mixed with Incle or Cotton, the Pound, containing sixteen Ounces -

Stuffs of Silk-and Worded, the Pound, containing sixteen Ounces Stuffs of Silk mixed with any other Material, the Pound, containing sixteen Ounces -

SOAP.—For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish Hard, Cake, or Ball Soap -

Fpr every Pound Weight of Irish Soft Soap

SPIRITS, British.—For every Gallon, *English IV7\nz Measure, of Spirits, Aqua Vit&rjot Strong Waters, which shall be diddled or made in Ireland and imported at a Strength not, exceeding one to ten over Hydrometer Proof

Note.—Spirits above the Strength of one to ten will be charged in proportion; and on sweetened or compounded Spirits, the Duty will be computed upon the highest Degree of Strength at which such Spirits can be made.

; STARCH.—For every Pound Weight of Irish Starch or Hair Powder, of what Kind soever -

SUGARS.—Refined; videlicet, called Bqftards% whole or ground, the.Hundred Weight

Lumps, the Hundred Weight -

Single Loaf, the Hundred Weight -

Powder LoaLand Double Loaf, the Hundred Weight -

Sugar.Candy, brown, the Hundred Weight - i.y

Sugar Candy, white, the Hundred Weight -

Sugar, refined, of any other Sort, the Hundred Weight

:SWEETS.-r-For every-Barrel, consisting of thirty-one Gallons and a Half, English Wine Measure, of Irish Sweets, or other Irish Liquor, made by Infusion, Fermentation, or otherwise, from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit or Sugar mixed with any other Materials or Ingredients whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the Name of Made Wines -

TOBACCO and SNUFF.—For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of unmanufactured Tobacco, of the Growth or Produce of Ireland^ over and above any Duty of Customs -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish manufactured Short Cut Tobacco, or Tobacco manufacturca into what is commonly called or known by the Name of Spanish -

Customs. Excise.

£ s. d.

- 68

- 12

- 1 8

- 10

- 1 3

- 18 2

1 H —*

1 16 4

1 19 1

1 14 —i 1 19 1

1 19 1

£ s. I

- 4s

- 10 —

- ro —

- i\

- ii

- 5

- 3i

Z 2 —

- I 1

- I 7 If*

A.D. 180'o. Anno 39° &* 40® Georgii III. C. 67.

ARTICLES. Customs. Excise.

TOBACCO, continued. £ r. d £ i- d.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish manufactured Shag Tobacco — 1 5f

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of [rip) manufactured Roll Tobacco - — — 1 7

For every Pouod Weight Avoirdupois of Irish manufactured Carrot Tobacco For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of every other Sort of Irish marmfactur- - sl

, ed Tobacco, not herein-before enumerated or described — — 1 7

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish manufactured Rappee Snuff - — — 1 4i

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish manufactured Scotch Snuff - For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish manufactured Brown Scotch — — I to£

Snuff - For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish manufactured Tobacco Stalk - sl

Flour - For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of every other Sort or Kind of Irish manufactured Snuff, or Snuff Work, not herein-before enumerated or — 1 9

described Tobacco unmanufactured, the Pound - V£R JUICE.— For every HogsbeacT confining' of sixty-three Gallons English Wine Measure, of Irish Verjuice - VINEGAR.—For every Barrel consisting of thirty-four Gallons, English Beer «R NO 1 1 1 I IO£

- 7 8

Measure, of Irish Vinegar - 11 81

WIRE.—For every Ounce Troy Weight of Irish Gilt Wire -- 9l

For every Ounce Troy of Irish Silver Wire For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish Gold'Thread, Gold Lace, or Gold Fringe, made of Plate Wire spun upon Silk For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish Silver Thread, SHver Lace, or —*

- 7

Silver Fringe, made of Plate Wire spun upon Silk - S 9-

B.

On Importation into Ireland from Great Britain.

ARTICLES.

BEER.—For and upon every Barrel containing thirty-two Gallons, imported from Great Britain -

GLASS BOTTLES.—For and upon each reputed Quart

£ $' d% - 4 6

LEATHER, Unmanufactured.—For and upon each Pound in every Hide or Skin, or Piece of any such Hide or Skin of what Kind or Denomination soever, other than such as are herein after mentioned and described -

For and upon each Hide of Horses, Mares, or Geldings -

For and upon all Skins called Veal Skins, and all Skins of Hogs, for every Dozen Skins there* of, and after the same Rate for any greater or less Quantity For ^nd upon all Skins for Shoes and other like Purposes, and all Seal Skins, for every Dozen thereof, and after the same Rate for any greater or less Quantity For and upon all Skins for Bookbinders’ Ule, for every Dozen thereof, and after the same Rate for any greater or less Quantity -

For and upon all Goat Skins tanned with Shumack, or otherwise to refernble Spanish Leather, and all Sheep Skins tanned for Roans, being after the Nature of Spanish Leather, for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois -

For and upon all Sheep and Lamb Skids tanned for Gloves and Bafils, for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity

LEATHER, Dressed ip Oil.—For and upon every Hide and Skin, and Piece of such Hide and Skin, other than such as are here in* after mentioned or described* for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois -

For

367

1

£.6?, Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

ARTICLES.

LEATHER, continued.

For and upon all Deer Skins, Goat Skins, and Beaver Skins, for every Pound Weight thereof Avoirdupois For and upon all Calf Skins, for every Pound Weight thereof Avoirdupois For and upon ail Sheep and Lamb Skins, for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois

VKLLUM and PARCHMENT.—For and upon every Dozen Skins of Vallum For and upon every Dozen Skins of Parchment -

LEATHER, Manufactured into Goods and Wares.—For and upon all tanned Leather manufactured into Goods and Wares, whereof Leather is the moil Valuable Part, the following Duties; videlicet,

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of tanned Leather, manufactured and actually made into Goods and Wares in Great Britain, of Leather only, or of which Leather makes the most valuable Part -

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of tawed or dressed Leather, manufactured and actually made in Great Britain of Leather only, or of which Leather makes the most valuable Part -

For and upon every Phund Weight Avoirdupois of all Buck and Deer Skins, and Elk Skins, dressed in Oil, and manufactured into Goods and Wares in Great Britain of Leather only, or of which Leather makes the most valuable Part -

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Sheep and Lamb Skins dressed in Oil, and manufactured into Goods and Wares in Great Britain, of Leather only, or of which Leather makes the most valuable Part For and upon every Pound Weight A voirdupois, of all other Hides and Skins, not hereinbefore euumerated or described, dressed in Oil, and manufactured into Goods and Wares in Great Britain, of Leather only, or ^f which Leather makes the most valuable Part

FAPER.—For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Paper, fit or proper for, or that may be used for or applied to the<Uses or Purposes of Writing, Drawing, or Printing, or either of them, and ail Elephant Paper, ancfall Cartridge Paper For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all coloured Paper, and whited-brown Papers, other than and except Elephant and Cartridge Paper, fit or proper for the Uses or Purposes of wrapping up Goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for or applied to the Uses or Purposes of Writing, Drawing, and Printing, or either of them, and also except Paper Hangings -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of brown Paper, fit and proper for the Useor Purpose of wrapping up Goods, and not fit or proper or capable of being used for or applied to the Uses or Pttfposes of Writing, Drawing, or Printing, or either of them For and upon every one hundred Weight of Glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hotpressers, and so in proportion for any greater>or less Quantity -

For and upon every one hundred Weight of Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity For and upon every Pound Weight of every Sort or Kind of Paper, not herein-before particularly enumerated or described, other than and except Papers corrfmonly called or known by the Names of Sheathing Paper, and Button Paper, or Button Board, and Paper Hangings -

STAINFLD PAPER.—For and upon every square Yard of printed, painted, or stained Paper for Hangings or other Uses, and so in proportion for any greater or leis Quantity For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Books bound or unbound, and of Maps or Prints which shall be imported into Ireland from Great Britain

CARDS.—For and upon every Pack of printed, painted, or playing Cards, made or manufactured in Great Britain -

And a further Duty of 2\d. per Pound Weight.

DICE.—For and upon every Pair of Dice made or manufactured in Great Britain

WROUGHT PLATE.—For and upon every Ounce Troy Weight of Gold or Silver Plate, which shall be wrought, made, or manufactured in Great Britain, and imported into Ireland -

£ t, d%

- 3

- 2

""4

- 6 — 3

- a -- ai

- i

5 -

- 10 —

- S of 10 —»

SILK

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 67.

ARTICLES*

SILK MANUFACTURE.—For and upon all Silks being of the Manufacture of Great Britain, and imported direct, from thence, the following Duties, videlicet.

For and upon all Ribbons and Stuffs of Silk only, for every round Weight thereof containing sixteen Ounces -

For and upon all Silk and Ribbons of Silk, mixed with Gold or Silver, for every Pound Weight thereof containing sixteen Ounces -

For and upon all Silk Stockings, Silk Gloves, Silk Fringe, Silk Laces* ditching and sewing Silk, for every Pound Weight thereof containing sixteen Ounces. -

For and upon all Manufactures of Silk not other wise enumerated or defer ibed, for every Pound Weight thereof containing sixteen Ounces For and upon all Stuffs of Silk and Grograni Yarn, the Pound Weight containing sixteen Ounces -

For and upon all Stuffs of Silk mixed with Incle or Cotton, the Pound Weight containing sixteen Ounces - '

For and upon all Stuffs of Silk and Worsted mixed, the Pound Weight containing sixteen Ounces -

For and upon all Stuff3 of Silk mixed with any other Material, the Pound Weight containing sixteen Ounces -

i.

9

3

3 6 9

4

64

SPIRITS.—For and upon every Gallon of* Spirits, being of the Manufacture of Great Britain, and imported from thence, a Duty of -

SUGAR, Refined—of the Manufacture of Great Britain, and imported directly from thence, the following Duties; videlicet, '

For and upon all Spgar called Bastards, white or ground, the hundred Weight, containing 112 Pounds -

For and upon all Sugar called Lumps, the hundred Weight containing 112 Pounds For and upon all Sugar called Single Loaf Sugar, the hundred Weight containing ,122 Pounds -

For and upon all Sugar called Powder Loaf and Double Loaf, the hundred Weight containing! 12 Pounds -

For and upon all Sugar called Sugar Candy, brown, the hundred Weight, containing 112 Pounds -

Tor and upon all Sugar called Sugar Candy, white, the hundred Weight, containing 112 Pounds -

For and upon all Sugar refined of any other Sort, the hundred Weight, containing 112 Pounds -

3 7

- 19

1 16 lot

I 19 4

2 2

1 l6 lO

2 2 4

2 2

SWEETS.—For and upon every Barrel, containing thirty-two Gallons Wine Measure, of British Sweets, or other British Liquor, made by Infusion, Fermentation^ or other wise, from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit and Sugar mixed with any other Material or Ingre*. dieots whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the Name of Madeleines, - /

For and upon every Gallon of Mead or Metheglin -

For and upon every Barrel, containing thirty-two Gallons, of Vinegar

TOBACCO and SNUFF.—For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of unmanufactured Tobacco, of the Growth or Produce of Great Britain, over and above any Duty of Customs now payable -

For and upon every Pound Weight of British manufactured Short Cut Tobacco, or Tobacco manufactured into what is commonly called or known by the Name of Spanish - For and upon every Pound Weight of British manufactured Shag Tobacco cut For and upon every Pound Weight of British manufactured Roll Tobacco -

For and upon every Pound Weight of British manufactured Carrot Tobacco For and upon every Pound Weight of every other Sort of British manufactured Tobacco, not herein‘before enumerated or described -

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of British manufactured Rappee Snuff - For and upon every Pound Weight of British manufactured Snuff called Scotch Snuff For and upon every Pound Weight of British manufactured Snuff called Brown Scotch Snuff For and upon every Pound Weight of British manufactured Stalk Flour For and upon every Pound Weight of every other Sort or Kind of British manufactured Snuff, or Snuff Work* not herein before enumerated or described,

- S

- ioi-

- 4

9t

- 3 -14

39 & 40 Geo. III. 3B SCHEDULE.

A.D. 1800.

7© C. 67. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III.

SCHEDULE.—Number Two.

Of the Articles charged with the Duties specified upon Importation into Great Britain and Ireland respectively, according to the Sixth Article of Union.

Apparel -

Brass, wrought -

Cabinet ware -

Coaches and other Carrriages -

Copper, wrought -

Cottons, other than Callicoes and Mullins

Glass -

Haberdashery ’. -

Hats ..

Tin Plates, wrought Iron and Hard Ware Gold and Silver Lace, Gold and Silver Thread, Bullion for Lace, Pearl, and Spangles Millinery -

Paper stained -

Pottery -

Sadlery and other manufactured Leather Silk Manufacture -

Stockings -

ARTICLE SEVENTH.

The interest That it be the seventh Article of Union, that the Charge arising from the Payment of the Interest, and the indFund for" Sinking Fund for the Reduction of the Principal, of the Debt incurred in'either Kingdom before the

R^duaion of Union, shall continue to be separately defrayed by Great Britain and Ireland respectively, except as herein-

the Debt of after provided: either Kingdom, shall continue ti> be defrayed separately.

The Expenditure of the United Kingdom shall be defrayed and provided Jor as herein specified.

That for the Space of twenty Years after the Union shall take place, the Contribution of Great Britain and Ireland respectively, towards the Expenditure of the United Kingdom in each Year, shall be defrayed in the Proportion of fifteen Parts for Great Britain and two Parts for Ireland} and that at the Expiration of the said twenty Years, the future Expenditure of the United Kingdom (other than the Interest and Charges of the Debt to which either Country shall be separately liable) shall be defrayed in such Proportion ask the Parliament of the United Kingdom mall deem just and reasonable upon a Comparison of the real Value of the Exports and Imports of the respective Countries, upon an Average of the three Years next preceding the Period of Revision: or on a Comparison of the Value of the Quantities of the following Articles consumed within the respective Countries, on a similar Average, videlicet, Beer, Spirits, Sugar, Wine, Tea, Tobacco, and Malt; or according to the aggregate Proportion resulting from both these Considerations combined; or on a Comparison of the Amount of Income in each Country, estimated from the Produce for the same Period of a general Tax, if such shall have been imposed on the same Descriptions of Income inhoth Countries; and that the Parliament of the United Kingdom shall afterwards proceed in like Manner to revise and fix the said Proportions according to the Tame Rules, or any of them, at Periods not more distant than twenty years, nor less than seven Years from each other; unless, previous to any such Period, the Parliament of the United Kingdom shall have declared, as herein after provided that the Expenditure xf the United Kingdom shall be defrayed indiscriminately, by equal Taxes imposed on the like Articles in -both Countries: That, for the defraying the said Expenditure according to the Rules above laid down,'the Revenues of Ireland shall hereafter constitute a Consolidated Fund, which shall be charged, in the first Instance. with the Interest of the Debt of Ireland, and with the Sinking Fund, applicable to the Reduction of the said Debt, and the Remainder shall be applied towards defraying the Proportion of the Expenditure of the United Kingdom, to which Ireland maybe liable in each Year: That the Proportion of Contribution to which Great Britain and Ireland will be liable, shall be raised by such Taxes in each Country respectively, as the Parliament of the United Kingdom shall from Time to Time deem fit: Provided always, That in regulating the Taxes in each Country, by which their respective Proportions shall be levied, *io Article in Ireland shall be made liable to any new or additional Duty, by which the whole Amount of Duty payable thereon would exceed the Amount which shall be thereafter payable in England on the like Article: That, if at the End of any Year any Surplus shall accrue from the Revenues of Ireland, after defraying the Interest, Sinking Fund, and proportional Contribution and separate Charges to which the said Country shall then be liable, Taxes shall be taken oft' to the Amount of such Surplus, or the Surplus shall be applied by the Parliament of the United Kingdom to local Purposes in Ireland, or to make good any Deficiency which may arise in the Revenues of Ireland in Time of Peace, or be inverted, by the Commissioners of the National Debt of Ireland, in the Funds, to accumulate for the Benefit of Ireland at Compound Interest, in ease xi the Contribution of Ireland in Time of War; provided that the Surplus so to accumulate shall at no future

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 67. 37*

turc Period be faffered to exceed the Sum of five Millions: That all Monies to be raised after the Union, by Loan, in Peace or War, for the Service of the United Kingdom by the Parliament thereof, shall be considered to be a joint Debt, and the Charges thereof shall be borne by the respective Countries in the Proportion of their respective Contributions; provided that, if at any Time, in raisine tKeir respective Contributions hereby fixed for each Country, the Parliament of the United Kingdom shall judge it fit to raise a greater Proportion of such respective Contributions in one Country within the Year than in the other, or to set apart a greater Proportion of Sinking Fund for the Liquidation of the Whole or any Part of the Loan raised on account of the one Country than of that raised on account of the other Country, then such Part of the said Loan, for the Liquidation of which different Provisions shall have been made for the respective Countries, shall be kept distinct, and shall be borne by each separately, and only that Part of the said Loan be deemed Joint and Common, for the Reduction of which the respective Countries shall have made Provision in the Proportion of their respective Contributions: That, if at any future Day the separate Debt of each Country respectively shall have been liquidated, or, if the Values of their respective Debts (estimated according to the Amount of the Interest and Annuities attending the same, and of the Sinking Fund applicable to the Reduction thereof, and to the Period within which the whole Capital of such Debt shall appear to be redeemable by such Sinking Fund) shall be to each other in the same Proportion with the respective Contributions of each Country respectively; or if the Amount by which the Value of the larger of such Debts shall vary from such Proportion, shall not exceed one hundredth Part of the said Value; and if it shall appear to the Parliament of the United Kingdom, that the respective Circumstances of the two Countries will thenceforth admit of theij contributing indiscriminately, by equal Taxes imposed on the same Articles in each, to the future Expenditure of the United Kingdom, it shall be competent to the Parliament of the United Kingdom to declare, that all future Expence thenceforth to be incurred, together with the Interest and Charges of all joint Debts contracted previous to such Declaration, shall be so defrayed indiscriminately by equal Taxes imposed on the same Articles in each Country, and thenceforth from Time to Time, as Circumstances may require, to impose and apply such Taxes accordingly, subject only to such particular Exemptions or Abatements in Ireland, and in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as Circumstances may ' appear from Time to Time to demand: That, from the Period of such Declaration, it shall no longer be necessary to regulate the Contribution of the two Countries towards the future Expenditure of the United Kingdom, according to any specifick Proportion, or according to any of the Rules herein-before prescribedi Provided nevertheless, that the Interest or Charges which may remain on account of any Part of the separate Debt with which either Country shall be chargeable, and which shall not be liquidated or consoli--dated proportionably as above, shall, until extinguished, continue to be defrayed by separate Taxes in each Country: That a Sum, not less than the Sum which has been granted by the Parliament of Ireland on the Average of six Years immediately preceding the first Day of January in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred, in Premiums for the internal Encouragement of Agriculture or Manufactures, or for the maintaining Institutions for pious and charitable Purposes, shall be applied, for the Period of twenty Years after the Union, to such local Purposes in Ireland, in such Manner as the Parliament of the United Kingdom shall direct: That, from and after the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, all Publick Revenue arising to the United Kingdom from the territorial Dependencies thereof, ^and applied to the General Expenditure of the United Kingdom, shall be so applied in the Proportions of the respective Contributions of the two Countries:

ARTICLE EIGHTH.

That it be the eighth Article of Union, That all Laws in force at the Time of the Union, and all the Courts of Civil and Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction within the respective Kingdoms, shall remain as now by Law established within the same; subject only to such Alterations and Regulations from Time to Time as Circumstances may appear to the Parliament of the United Kingdom to require; provided that all Writs of Error and Appeals depending at the Time of the Union or hereafter to be brought, and which might now be finally decided by the House of Lords of either Kingdom, shall, from and after the Union, be finally decided by the House of Lords of the United Kingdom; and provided, that, from and after the Union, there shall remain in Ireland an Instance Court of Admiralty, for the Determination of Causes, Civil and Maritime only, and that the Appeal from Sentences of the said Court shall be to his Majesty's Delegates in his Court of Chancery in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and that all Laws at present in force in either Kingdom, which shall be contrary to any of the Provisions which may be enacted by any Act for carrying these Articles into Effect, be from and after the Union repealed.

And whereas the said Articles having, by Address of the respective Houses of Parliament in Great Britain and Ireland, been humbly laid before his Majesty, his Majesty has been graciously pleased to approve the same; and to recommend it to his two Houses of Parliament in Great Britain and Ireland to con-

fider of such Measures as may be necessary for giving Effect to the said Articles: In order, therefore, to War ru.

give full Effect and Validity to the same,* be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and having b^n with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par- pleasedtoap-liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, the said foregoing recited Articles, each and every prove of the one of them, according to the true Import and Tenor thereof, be ratified, confirmed, and approved, and be *°rc5?,n5 and they are hereby.declared to be, the Articles of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland and the same shall ed^Timt tte*

i B 2. be fcallbc the Ax*

il* C. 67.

Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1S06.

*on, be in force and have effect for ever, from the first Day of January which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand right hundred and one; provided that before that Teriod an Act tnall have been passed by the Parliament of Ireland\ for carrying into effect, in the like Manner, the said foregoing recited Articles*

tides of Un‘ and be in fore for ever, item Jan. 1, 1S01

jiiovided that before that Period an Act shall have been passed in Ireland for carrying them into Effect.

Recital of an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, to reguiite tlit Mode by Which the Leu!* and the Cox-nv:>r% to serve in the Parliament of the United Kingdom on the fV.rt of Ireland, fh. li be summonid and jtuiriied.

II. And whereas an Act, intituled, An Act to regulate the Mode by which the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, to serve in the Parliament of the United Kingdom on the Part of Ireland, Shad bt summoned and returned to the said Parliament, has been passed by the Parliament of Ireland; the Tenor whereof \s as follows: An Act to regulate the Mode by which the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, fend the Commons, to serve in the Parliament of the United Kingdom on the Part of Ireland, shall be summoned and returned to the said Parliament. Whereas it is agreed by the fourth Article of Union, That four Lords Spiritual of Ireland, by Rotation of Sessions, and twenty eight Lords Temporal of Ireland,

elected for Life by the Peers of Ireland, Hull be the Number to fit and vote on the Part of Ireland id the House of Lords of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, and One hundred Commoners (two for each County of Ireland\ two for the City of Dublin, two for the City of Cork, one for the College of the Holy Trinity of Dublin, and one for each of the thirty-one mod considerable Cities, Towns, and Borough*) be the Number to fit and vote on the Part of Ireland in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom; be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That the said four Lords Spiritual shall be taken from among the Lords Spiritual of Ireland in the Manner following; that is to say. That one of the four Archbishops of Ireland, and three of the eighteen Uishops of Ireland, shall fit in the House of Lords of the United Parliament in each Session thereof, the said Right of fitting being regulated as between the said Archbishops resptdlivdy by a Rotation among the Archicpifcopal Sees from Session to Session, and in like Manner that of the Bishops by a like Rotation among the E pi (copal Sees: That the Primate of all Ireland for the Time being shall lit in the hi ft Session of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, the Archbishop of Dublin for the Time being in the Second, the Archbishop of Cashel for the Time being in the third, the Archbishop of Tuam for the Time being in the fourth; and so by Rotation of Sessions for ever, such Rotation to proceed regularly and without Interruption from Session to Session, notwith*

standing any Dissolution or Expiration of Parliament: That three suffragan Bishops shall in like Manner fit according to their Rotation of Sees, from Session to Session, in the following Order; the Lord t Bishop of Meath, the Lord Bishop of Kildare, the Lord Bdhop of Derry, in the first Session of the Parliament of the United Kingdom; the Lord Bishop of Raphoe, the Lord Bishop of Limerick, Ard- fert, and Aghadde, the Lord Bishop of Dromon, in the second Session of the Parliament of the United Kingdom; the Lord Bishop of Elpbin, the Lord Bishop of Down and Connor, the Lord Bishop of Wa+

terford and Lismore, in the third Session of the Parliament of the United Kingdom; the Lord Bishop of Leighlin and Ferns, the Lord Bishop of Cloyne, the Lord Bishop of Cork and Ross, in the fourth Session of the Parliament of the United Kingdom; the Lord Bishop of Killaloe and Kilfenora, the Lord Bishop of Kilmore, the Lord Bishop of Clobber, in the fifth Session of the Parliament of the United Kingdom; the Lord Bishop of Ojfory, the Lord Bishop of Killala and Achonry, the Lord Bishop of ClonfertisA 4 Kilmacduagh, in the sixth Session of the Parliament of the United Kingdom; the said Rotation to be ne- verthcless subject to such Variation therefrom from Time to Time as is herein after provided: That the said twenty-eight Lords Temporal shall be chosen by all the Temporal Peers of Ireland in the Manner herein after provided that each of the said Lords Temporal so chosen shall be entitled to fit in the House of Lords of the Parliament of the United Kingdom during his Life; and in case of his Death, or Forfeiture of any of the said Lords Temporal, the Temporal Peers of Ireland shall, in the Manner herein after provided, choose another Peer out of their own Number to supply the Place so vacant. And be it enacted,

That of the one hundred Commoners to fit on the Part of Ireland in the United Parliament, fatty-four shall chosen for the Counties, and thirty-six for the following Cities and Boroughs, videlicet: For each County of Ireland two; for the City of Dublin two; for the City of Cork two; for the College of the HolyTri- nity of Dublin one; for the City of Waterford one; for the City of Limerick one; for the Borough of Beifajl one; for the County and Town of Drogheda one; for the County and Town of Carrickfagus one; for the Borough of Newry one; for the City of Kilkenny one; for the City of Londonderry one;

for the Town of Gaiway one; for the Borough of Clonmellone; for the Town of Wexford one; for the Town of Youghall one; for the Town of Pardon- Bridge one; for the Borough of Armagh one; for the Borough of Dundalk one; for the Town of Kinfale one; for the Borough of Lifhurne one; for the Borough of Sligo one; for the Botcugh of Catbcrlcugh one; for the Borough of Ennis one; for the Borough ol Dungar van one; for the Borough of Downpatrick one; for the Borough of Golrair*

one; for the Town of Mallow one; so r the Borough of Atbleme one; for the Town of New Rtfs one; for the Borough of Tralee one; for the City of CaJJ)A one; for the Borough of Dungannon one;

for the Borough of Portarlington one; for the Borough of Ennfkillcn one. And be it enacted, Thalia case of the summoning of a new Parliament^ or if the Seat of any of the said Commoners shall become vacant by Death or otherwise, then the said Counties, Cities, or Boroughs or any of them,' as the Case may be, shall pioceed to a new Kledtion; and that all the other 1’owns, Cities, Corporations, or Boroughs,

other than the aforesaid, shall ccafe to elect Representatives to serve in Parliament; and no Meeting shall at any Time hereafter be summoned, called, convened, or held, for the Purpose of electing any Person or Persons to serve or act, or be considered, as Representative or Representatives of any other Place, Town, City, Corporation, or Borough, other than the aforesaid, or as Representative or Representatives of the

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. G. &7P

Freemen, Freeholders, Householders, or Inhabitants thereof, either in the Parliament of the tlrfited Kingdom or elsewhere, (unless it shall hereafter be otherwise provided by the Parliament of the United Kingdom); and every Person summonin g, calling, or holding any stich Meeting or Assembfy, or taking arty,

Part in any such Election or pretended Election, shall, being thereof duly convicted, incur and suffer the Pains and Penalties ordained and provided by the Statute of Provision and Praemunire, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of Richard the Second. For the due Election of the Persons to be chosen to fit-ii\

the respective Houses of the Parliament of the United Kingdom on the Part of Ireland, be it enacted*

That on the Day following that on which the Act for establishing the Union (Hall have received the;

Royal Airent, the Primate of all Ireland, the Lord Bishop of Meath, the Lord Bishop of Kildare, and thq Lord Bishop of Derry shall be, and they are hereby declared to be the Representatives of the Lords Spiritual of Ireland in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, for the first Session thereof; and that the Temporal Peers of Ireland shall assemble at Twelve of the Clock 6n the same Day as aforesaid, in the now accustomed Place of Meeting of the House of Lords of Ireland and shall then and there proceed to elect twenty-eight Lords Temporal to represent the Peerage of Ireland in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, in the following Manner; that is to say, the Names of the Peers shall be called over according to their Rank, by the Clerk of the Crown, or his Deputy, who shall then and there attend for that Purpose;

and each of the said Peers, who, previous to the said Day, and in the present Parliament, shall have afiu Hy 4 taken his Seat in the House of Lords of Ireland, and who shall there have taken the Oaths, and signed the t Declaration, which are or shall be by Law required to be taken and signed by the Lords of the Parliament

of Ireland before they can fit and vote in the Parliament hereof, shall, when his Name is called, deliver#

either by himself or by his Proxy, (the Name of such Proxy having been previously entered in the Books of the House of Lords of Ireland, according to the prefertt Forms and Usages thereof,) to the Clerk of the Crown, or his Deputy, (who shall then and there attend for that Purpose,) a List cif twemy-etent of the Temporal Peers of Ireland; and the Clerk of the Crown or his Deputy shall then and there publickly read the said Lifts, and shall then and there cast up the said Lists, and publickly declare the Names of the twenty-eight Lords who shall be chosen by the Majority of Votes in the said Lists, and shall make a Return of the said Names to the House of Lords of the first Parliament of the United Kingdom; and the twenty-eight Lords so chosen by the Majority of Votes in the said Lists shall, during their respective Lives#

(It as Representatives of the Peers of Ireland ifi the House of Lords of the United Kingdom, apd be entitled to receive Writs of Summons to that and every succeeding Parliament; and in case a complete Ejection shall not be made of the whole Number of twenty-eight Peers, by reason of an Equality of Votes# 4 the Clerk of the Crown shall return such Number in favour of whom a complete Elefiion shall have been made in one Lift, and in a second Lift shall return the Names of those Peers who shall have an Equality of Votes, but in favour of whom, by reason of such Equality, a complete Elefiion shall not have been made,

and the Names of the Peers in the second Lift, for whom an equal Number of Votes shall have been so given, shall be written on Pieces of Paper of a similar Form, and shall be put into a Glass by the Clerk of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, at the Table of the House of Lords thereof, whilst the House is fitting, and the Peer whole Name shall be first drawn out by the Clerk of the Parliament, shall be deemed the Peer defied; and so successively as often as the Case may require; and whenever the Seat-of any of the twenty-eight Lords Temporal so defied shall be vacated by Decease or Forfeiture,

the Chancellor, the Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom for the Time being, upon receiving r Certificate under the Hand and Seal of any two Lords Temporal of the Parliamem of the United Kingdom, certifying the Decease of such Peer, or on View of the Record of At-

tainder of such Peer, shall direfi a Writ to be issued under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, to the K Chancellor, the Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Ireland for the Time being, direfiing him or them to cause Writs to be issued, by the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland\ to every Temporal Peer of Ireland^ who shall have fat and voted in the House of Lords of Ireland before the Union, or whose Right to fit and vote therein, or to vote at such Elections, shall, on Claim made of his Behalf, bave been admitted by the House of Lords of Ireland before the Union, or after the Union by the House of

Lords of the United Kingdom; and Notice shall forthwith be published by the said Clerk of the Crowns in the London and Dublin Gazettes, of the issuing of such Writs, and of the Names and Titles of all the Peers to whom the same are directed 5 and to the said Writs there shall be annexed a Form of Re- torn thereof, in which a Blank shall be left for the Name of the Peer to be defied, and the said Writs shall enjoin each Peer, within fifty-two Days from the Tefte of the Writ, to return the same into the Crown Office of Ireland with the Blank filled up, by inferring the Name of the Peer for whom he shall * vote, as the Peer to succeed to the Vacancy made by Demise or Forfeiture as aforesaid and \the said

Writs and Returns shall be bipartite, so as that the Name of the Peer to be chosen (hdl be written twice# 4 that is, once on each Part of such Writ and Return, and so as that each Part may also be subscribed by the Peer to whom the same shall be directed, and likewise be sealed with his Seal c f Arms; apd orte f Part of the said Writs and Returns so filled up, subscribed and sealed as above, shall remain of Record in the Crown Office of Ireland, and the other Part shall be certified by the Clerk of the Crown to the Clerk of the Parliament of the United Kingdom; ^nd no Peer of Ireland, except such as shall have been defied as Representative Peers on the Part of Ireland in the House of Lords of the United Kingdom, and shall there have taken the Oaths, and signed the Declaration prescribed by Law, shall, under pain of suffering such Punishment as the House of Lords of the United Kingdom may award apd ad- judge, make a Return to such Writ, unless he shall, after the issuing thereof, and before the Day. on which the Writ is returnable, have taken the Oaths and signed the Declaration which are or shall be by Law required to be taken and signed by the Lords of the United Kingdom, before they can sit and

374 C. 67. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

vote in the Parliament thereof; which Oaths and Declaration shall be either taken and subscribed in the Court of Chancery of Ireland* or before one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; a Certificate whereof, signed by such Justices of the Peace, or by the Re- giftrar of the said Court of Chancery, shall be transmitted by such Peer with the Return, and shall be annexed to that Part thereof remaining of Record in the Crown Office of Ireland; and the Clerk of the Crown shall forthwith after the Return Day of the Writs, cause to be published in the London and Dublin Gazettes, a 4 Notice of the Name of the Person chosen by the Majority of Votes; and the Peer so chosen shall, during

his L'fe, be one of the Peers to fit and vote on the Part of Ireland in the House of Lords of the United Kingdom; and in case the Votes shall be equal, the Names of such Persons who have an equal Number of Votes in their Favour, shall be written on Pieces of Paper of a similar Form, and shall be put into a 4 Glass by the Cleric of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, at the Table of the House of Lords,

whilst the House is fitting, and the Peer whose Name shall be first drawn out by the Clerk of the Parliament shall be deemed the Peer elected. And be it enacted, That in case any Lord Spiritual, being a

Temporal Peer of the United Kingdom, or being a Temporal Peer of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland shall be chosen by the Lords Temporal to be one of the Representatives of the Lords Temporal, in every such Case, during the Life of such Spiritual Peer being a Temporal Peer of the United Kingdom, or being a Temporal Peer of that Part of the United Kingdom^called Ireland, so chosen to represent the Lords Temporal, the Rotation of Representation of the Spiritual Lords (half proceed to the next Spiritual Lord, without Regard to such Spiritual Lord so chosen a Temporal Peer, that is to say, if such Spiritnai Lord shall be an Archbishop, then the Rotation shall proceed to the Archbishop whose See is next in Rotation, and if such Spiritual Lord shall be a fuftragan Bishop, then the Rotation shall proceed to the fuftragan Bishop whose See is next in Rotation. And whereas by the said fourth Article of Union it is agreed, that, if his Majesty shall, on or before the first Day of January next, declare, under the Great Seal of Great Britain* that it is expedient that the Lords and Commons of the present Parliament of Great Britain should be the Members of the respective Houses of the first Parliament of the United Kingdom on the Part of Great Britain* then the Lords and Commons of the present Parliament of Great Britain shall accordingly be the Members of the respective Houses of the first Parliament of the United Kingdom on the Part of Great Britain; be it enacted, for and in that Case only. That the present Members of the thirty-two Counties of Ireland and the two Members for the City of Dublin, and the two Members for the City of Cork, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be, by virtue of this Act, Members for the said Counties and Cities in the first Parliament of the United Kingdom; and that, on a Day and Hour to be appointed by his Majesty under the Great Seal of Ireland\ previous to the said first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, the Members thenferving for the College of the Holy Trinity of Dublin* and for each of the following Cities or Boroughs, that is to say, the City of Waterford* City of Limerick, Borough of Belfast* County and Town of Drogheda*County and Town of Carrickfergus* Borough of Newry* City of Kilkenny* City of Londonderry* Town of Galway* Borough of Clonmell* Town of Wexford* Town of To ugh all* Town of Bandon- Bridge, Borough of Armagh*. Borough of Dundalk, Town of Kinfale* Borough of Lisburne* Borough of Sligo* Borough of Cather- loughs Borough of Ennis, Borough of Dungarvan, Borough of Downpatrick* Borough of Coleraine* Town of Mallow* Borough of Athlone* Town of New Ross, Borough of Tralee* City of Cashel* Borough of Dungannon, Borough of Portarlington* and Borough of Ennijhllen* or any five or more of them, shall meet in the now usual Place of Meeting of the House of Commons of Ireland and the Names of the Mem-

bers then serving for the said Places and Boroughs, shall be written on separate Pieces of Paper, and the said Papers being folded up, shall be placed in a Glass or Glasses, and shall successively be drawn thereout by the Cleric of the Crown, or his Deputy, who shall then and there attend for that Purpose; and the first drawn Name of a Member of each of the aforesaid Places or Boroughs shall be taken as the Name of the Member to serve for the said Place or Borough in the first Parliament of the United Kingdom; and a Return of the said Names shall be made by the Clerk of the Crown, or his Deputy, to the House of Commons of the first Parliament of the United Kingdom; and a Certificate thereof shall be given respectively by the said Clerk of the Crown, or his Deputy, to each of the Members whose Names shall have been so drawn: Provided always, That it may be allowed to any Member of any of the said Places or Boroughs, by personal Application, to be then and there made by h m to the Clerk of the Crown or

his Deputy, or by Declaration in Writing under his Hand, to be transmitted by him to the Clerk of the

Crown previous to the said Day so appointed as above, to withdraw his Name previous to the drawing of the Names by Lot; in which Case, or in that of a Vacmcy by Death or otherwise of one of the Members of any of the said Places or Boroughs, at the Time of so di awing the Names, the Name of the other Member shall be returned as aforesaid as the Name of the Member to serve for such Place in the first Parliament of the United Kingdom; or if both Members for any such Place or Borough shall so withdraw-

their Names, or if there shall be a Vacancy of both Members at the Time aforesaid, the Clerk of the Crown shall certify the same to the House of Commons of the first Parliament of the United Kingdom,

and shall also express, in such Return, whether any Writ shall then have issued for the Election of a 4 Member or Members to supply such Vacancy; and if a Writ shall so have issued for the EJe&ionofone Member only, such Writ shall be superseded, and any Election to be thereafter made thereupon shall be null and of no Effect; and if such Writ shall have issued for the Election of two Members, the said two Members shall be chosen accordingly, and their Names being returned by the Clerk of the Crown to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, one of the said Names shall then be drawn, by Lot, in such Manner and Time as the said House of Commons shall direct; and the Person whose Name shall be so drawn, shall be deemed to be (he Member to (It for such Place in the first Parliament of

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 68. 375

the United Kingdom 5 but if, at the Time aforesaid, no Writ shall have issued to supply such Vacancy, none shall thereafter issue until the same be ordered by Resolution of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, as in the Case of any other Vacancy of a Seat in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. And be it enacted, That whenever his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall, by Proclamation under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, summon a new Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the Chancellor, Keeper, or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Ireland, shall cause Writs to be issued to the several Counties, Cities, the College of the Holy Trinity of Dublin,2iV\6 Boroughs in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, specified in this Act, for the Election of Members to serve in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, according to the Number herein-before set forth; and whenever any Vacancy of a Seat in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, for any of the said Counties, Cities, or Boroughs, or for the said College of the Holy Trinity of Dublin, shall arise, by Death or otherwise, the Chancellor, Keeper, or Commissioners of the Great Seal, upon such Vacancy being certified to them respectively, by the proper Warrant, shall forthwith cause a Writ to issue for the Election of a Person to fill up such Vacancy; and such Writs, and the Returns thereon, respectively being returned into the Crown Office in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, shall from thence be transmitted to the Crown Office in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, and be certified to the House of Commons in the same Manner as the like Returns have been usually or shall hereafter be certified; and Copies of the said Writs and Returns. 4 attested by the Chancellor, Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Ireland for the Time being, shall be preserved in the Crown Office of Ireland, and shall be Evidence of such Writs and Returns, in case the original Writs and Returns shall be loft be it enacted,

---

[Recited Act to be taken at a Part of this Act.]

That the said Act, so herein recited, be taken as a Part of this Act, and be deemed to all Intents and Purposes incorporated within the same.

[The Great Seal of Ireland may, if his Majesty shall think fit, after the Union, be used there in like Manner as before, except where otherwise provided by the foregoing Articles; and his Majesty may continue the Privy Council of Ireland.]

III. And be it enacted, That the Great Seal of Ireland may, if his Majesty shall so think fit, after the Union, be used in like Manner as before the Union, except where it is otherwise provided by the foregoing Articles, within that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and that his Majesty may, so long as he shall think fit, continue the Privy Council of Ireland to be his Privy Council for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

CAP. LXVIII.

---

An Act for extending the Powers of the Commissioners named in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament*, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament†, intituled, 'An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred,' together with those named in two former Acts, for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax; for indemnifying such Persons, named in the said Act, as have acted as Commissioners of the Land Tax; and for rendering valid certain Acts done by them.

[9th July 1800.]

[* c. 31.]

[† c. 3.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that the additional Commissioners named in an Act of this Session of Parliament,

[Cap. 31 of this Session.]

---

intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, 44 Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundreds together with those named in two former Acts, for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, should also be authorised and empowered to put in Execution an Act of the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act

as a Land Tax for one Year, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety- eight; so for as the same Act continues the rowers, Rules, Directions, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in the said first-mentioned Act of the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several and respective Persons named in the said recited Act of this Session of Parliament shall and may, and they are hereby empowered and authorised to put in Execution the said Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, and all the Clauses, Powers, Matters, and Things therein contained; and also to put in Execution the aforesaid Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making the Land Tax perpetual, (sofar as the Powers, Rules, Directions, Provisions, Articles, Ciau'es, Matters, and Things contained in the said first recited Act of the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, are continued and enforced by the said Act, for making the Land Tax perpetual, but no further or other-

10 ., wife,)

Cap. 31. of this Selli&n.

Land Tax Act, 38 Geo. 3. c. 5.

38 Geo. 3. c. 60. (Land Tax Redemption Act,) recited.

The Persons named in c. 3*. of this Si (lion empower* d ro put in Execution the recited Acts of 38 Geo 3. c. 5 and 60, as Commissioners of Land Tax.'

37$ C. 6$, Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

wrfe,) as Comihtf&cftiefs of the Land Tax for thofcverafl and respective Shires, Stewartries, and Places of Great Britain, mentioned and expressed in the said recited Act of this Session of Parliament, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if their Names and Descriptions bad been particularly repeated in the Body of this Act, and together with and as if they had been named with the other Commissioners named in two several Acts of the thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax 5 the said Persons in the said recited Act of this Session of Parliament mentioned, being neverthelefe subject and liable to such and the same Qualifications, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are in the same Act of the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of hss present Majesty appointed and required with respect to the Commissioners therein named.

Persons named

II. And whereas many of the Persons, named in the said recited Act of this Session of Parliament, con-<T<r*3l. jf this ceiving that they were thereby intended to have been appointed, and were appointed Commissioners for nifaTfor havl putting in Execution the aforesaid Acts of the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for in£ afttd ss "granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, and for making the same perpetual, may have aaed as Commissioners Commissioners in the Execution of the same Acts finoe the passing of the said Act of this present Session of of Land Tax Parliament, by making Assessments, eleding Clerks, voting at Elections, tendering their Votes or other-previous to wife. ancj jt js expedient that such Persons should be indemnified for such acting or offering to ad, and l^at Acts them ^onc ^lou^ confirmed and made valid ;* be it therefore enacted and declared,

Actldone by That all such Persons so named as aforesaid in the said Act of this Session of Parliament, who have adfed or them (hailbe offered to ad in the Execution of the said two last mentioned Acts, shall be, and are hereby indemnified for valid. all such Acts, and against all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred thereby; and that all Ada whatsoever done

by any of the aforesaid Persons as Commissioners of the Land Tax, since the passing of the said Act of this Session of Parliament, shall be, and are hereby declared to be valid and effectual in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if such Acts had been done after the passing of and by virtue of the Authority of this present Act; and that all personal Actions, and all Proceedings whatsoever, which have been or shall be prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for or by reason of such acting or offering to act, shall be made void by virtue of this Act; and if any Action or Suit shall be prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons; for or by reason of such acting or offering to act as aforesaid, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence in his or their Behalf.

---

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for repealing the Duties on Perfumery and on Licences for vending the same.

[9th July 1800.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

[28 Geo. 3. c. 49.]

---

intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Perfumery, Hair Powder, and

other Articles therein mentioned, and on Licences to be taken out by Persons uttering or vending the same, it was

amongst other Things enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, there should be raised, levied, Collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, certain Stamp Duties on the several Wares and other Articles therein mentioned, which should, be uttered, vended, or expoted so Sale in Great Britain, according to the respective Prices thereof therein ft mentioned, and on Licences taken out by Persons uttering or vending the same: And whereas it is expedient that the Duties granted by the said recited Act should be repealed ;* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present From Jely 5, Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one 1800, the Do- thousand eight hundred, the several and respective Duties granted by the said Act on the several Wares and

ties on Per- other Articles therein mentioned, and on Licences for vending the same, shall cease and determine; and that

conctT^posed ^en anc^ ^rom thenceforth all the Powers and Authorities given and granted, and the Rules and Regulations by recited Act established and prescribed by the said recited Act, in relation to the managing, securing, ascertaining, col-repeakd, except leding, recovering, levying, and paying the said Duties, and all Penalties and Forfeitures in respect thereof, Arrears. shall also cease and determine; five and except in all Cases relating to the recovering of any Arrears which may at that Time remain unpaid of the said Duties, and tdthe accounting for the same, or to any Penalty or Forfeiture which shall have been incurred upon or at any Time before the said fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred.

Persons having

II. And whereas many Persons dealing in Perfumery may bare in their Custody or Possession divers Stamps, under c Covers, Wrappers, or Labels, damped or marked according to the Provisions of the said recited Act, *nCtbclrlpof. * which shall not have been used in the Sale or Disposal of any Wares ;* be it therefore enacted, That it ftftion, which shall be lawful for all Persons who shall have in their Custody or Possession any such damped Covers, Wrap-have nethcen pers, or Labels as aforesaid, to bring or fend the same unto the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties at their used, may Head Office, and it shall1 be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps, and they are hereby authorised, £"« t!'cr^me upon due Proof upon Oath made to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners (which Oath the said Com* jlnd^he ni‘^10ners» or any one or more of them, are hereby authorised to administer) that such damped Covers, Commissioners Wrappers, or Labels have bona fide not been used in the Sale or Disposal of any Wares within the Intent are authorised and Meaning of the said recited Act, to stamp and mark, or cause to be damped or marked, for the several 10 order other Persons who shall so bring or deliver any Quantity of such damped Covers, Wrappers, or Labels, any Vel-dllW^cU^o* Parchment, or Paper, damped with any Stamps of the like Value, with the Amount of the said stamped

them of the like Covers, Wrappers, or Labels, and of such Description of Stamps as shall be required by any such Person or Value miicu Persons as aforesaid, without demanding or taking, directyor indirectly for the same, any Sum or Sums of th.rtcf. Money or other Consideration whatever.

---

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 70 - 72. 377

CAP. LXX.

An Act to exempt from Duty Waste Paper imported into this Kingdom, for the Purpose of being re-manufactured, except the Duty imposed by an Act of the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported.

[9th July 1800.]

'WHEREAS it is expedient to encourage the Importation of Waste Paper, for the Purpose of being re-manufactured in this Kingdom; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[No Duty except

That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Duty, except the Duty imposed by an Act of the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present xinipded b/ Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and J 7e??hall be additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage of certain Ships entering paid on the im, Outwards or Inwards to or from Foreign Parts, until the signing the Preliminary Articles of Peace, shall be portation of paid or payable upon the Importation of any Waste Paper whatever;

[Waste Paper,

provided the same shall, upon the Importation thereof, be in a State so as to render it wholly and entirely unfit for any other Purpose than that of

being remanufactured; and provided also, that the same shall be duly entered and regularly landed in the Pre- Oathecr pu

fence of the proper Officers appointed for that Purpose.

pose than remanufacture.]

---

CAP. LXXI.

An Act to authorize Bakers and other Persons to sell Bread to his Majesty's Forces on their March, which shall not have been baked twenty-four Hours, and to indemnify all Persons by whom such Bread may have been so sold.

[9th July 1800.]

'WHEREAS an Act was made in this present Session of Parliament,

[C. 18 of this Session.]

---

intituled, An Act to prohibit, until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, any Person or Persons from selling any Bread which shall not have been baked a certain lime: And whereas it may have been necessary to supply his Majesty's Troops on their March, and on their first Arrival in any Town or Place, with Bread which had not been baked for the Period of Time required by the said Act, whereby

Bakers and other Persons may have incurred divers Penalties: And whereas it is expedient that such

Bakers and other Persons should be relieved from such Penalties, and that it should be lawful to supply his Majesty's Troops during their March, and on their first Arrival in any Town or Place, with Bread

which shall not have been baked for the Period mentioned in the said Act be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty determined by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Recited act not

recited Act shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to any Baker or other Person who, since the passing of the said Act, has sold or delivered, or offered or exposed to Sale, or whaduring the Continuance of to his Majesty's

the said Act shall sell or deliver, or offer or expose to Sale, any Bread which had not or shall not have been Troops on their

baked twenty-four Hours, to or for the Use of any of his Majesty's Troops on their March, or within March, &c.

twenty-four Hours after their Arrival, at any Quarter, Barrack, or Cantonment: and every such Baker or Bread which ha*

other Person shall be and is hereby freed and discharged from all Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by the "0\iou"sbakC(V

said recited Act, in respect of any Bread fold, or offered or exposed to Sale, to or for the Use of his Majesty's ours*

Troops as aforesaid; and all Proceedings already had for the Recovery of any such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be forthwith stayed.

---

CAP. LXXII.

An Act to amend several Laws relating to the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

[9th July 1800.]

[See c. 84.]

'WHEREAS by an Act passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

[19 Geo. 3. c. 45. [§10.] recited.]

---

intituled, An Act to enable the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster to sell and dtfvofe of certain

Fee Farm Rents and other Rents» and to enfranchfe Copyhold and Customary Tenements within their Sur- 45- (§ jo.J ic« 4 vey, and to encourage the Growth of Timber on Lands held of the said Duchy, it is enacted, That where cited,

the Money to be paid as the Consideration Monty for any Grant, Conveyance, or Assurance of the said Rents, shall not exceed the Sum of ten Pounds, such Grants, Conveyances, and Assurances, under the Seal of the said Duchy, shall be subject to no Stamp Duty for the same: And whereas since the patting of the said Act, certain additional and new Stamp Duties have been granted: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the said Provisions of the said recited Act of the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty continue in force; and also whether the said Grants and Assurances, which are thereby exempted from Stamp Duty, are also exempted from the Stamp Duties granted since the patting of the said Act;’ be it therefore enacted, and it is hereby declared and enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and 39 & 40 Geo. III. 3 C with

378 C. 72. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all such Grants, Assurances, and Conveyances as aforesaid shall be, remain, and continue exempted from the several Stamp Duties granted, as well since the passing of the said recited Act of the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty as before the parting thereof, any Act or Acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Grants exempted from Stamp Duties by recited Act shall continue exempted from ail Duties, imposed as well since as before that Act,

37 Geo. 3. c. 90. recited j

II. And whereas, by an Act made in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the several Matters therein mentioned, and for better securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain, a Stamp Duty of six Shillings and eight Pence is chargeable upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which any Copy, purporting to be a true Copy, or attested to be a true Copy, of any Indenture, Lease, or other Deed, or any Part thereof, for the Security or Use of any Person other than the Person having or being entitled to the Custody of such Inden- ture, Lease, or other Deed, should, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, be ingrorted, printed, or written: And whereas it is expedient that the said Duty should be repealed, except as herein after is provided, and other Duties granted in lieu thereof:’ Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the first Day of August one thousand eight hundred, the said Stamp Duty of six Shillings and eight Pence, charged and payable by the said recited Act as aforesaid, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, save and except as herein after is mentioned and provided; and feve also and except as to any Arrears of the said Duties which may, on the said first Day of August, remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any Time before or on the said first Day of August^ and the several Powers, Provisions, and Remedies for recovering the same respectively.

and from Aug. i, 18co, the Stamp Duty of 6s. 8d. upon every Sheet of a Copy of any Indenture, for the Use of any but Che Person entitled to the Custody of the Indenture, repealed; except as to Arrears5

hut this not to repeal the Duties on Copies far the Security fany Party to an Indenture not having the Custody of the Original, See. Prom Aug. if 1800, in lieu of the Duties repealed, there shall be paid a Stamp Duty of 6d. on every Sheet of such Copy intended for any other Chan the Parties to the Indenture,

Duties to be under the Management of the Commissioners for Sumps.

Nun.her of Stamps to be put u^on every Copy to (e calculated according to iaft recited A a, |^8.] which shall extend to the Duty ’K-icby granted.

[See mi to Hamy'ug

m mjtcr ibey mrt made: i'cfi C. 84, § I ]

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to repeal, or in any Manner affect the Duties granted by the said Act, so far as the same relate to any Copy of any Indenture, Lease, or other Deed, or any Part thereof, made or to be made for the Security or Use of any Person or Persons being a Party or Parties to the same Indenture, Lease, or other Deed, and not having the Custody of the original Indenture, Lease, or other Deed, or of any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof, or where such Copy shall not be made in lieu of such original Indenture, Lease, or other Deed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of August, there shall, in lieu of the Duties hereby repealed, be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a Stamp Duty of Sixpence upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Copy, purporting to be a true Copy, or attested to be a true Copy, of any Indenture, Lease, or other Deed, or any Part thereof, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, for, or for the Security or Use of, any Person or Persons, other than any or either of the Parties to the same Indenture, Lease, or other Deed or Deeds, and not having the Custody of such original Indenture, Lease, or other Deed, or any Duplicate or Counterpart thereof, or where such Copy shall not be made in lieu of any such original Indenture, Lease, or other Deed.

not having the Custody thereof, See,

V. And be it further enacted, That for the more effectually levying, collecting, and paying the said Duties herein-before granted, the same shall be under the Government, Care, and Manageme'nt of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parch* ment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are required and empowered to employ the necessary Officers under them for that Purpose, and to cause such new Stamp to be provided to denote the said new and additional Duty as shall be requisite in that Behalf, and to alter or renew the same respectively from Time to Time, and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the Duties herein-before granted, in the like and in as full and ample a Manner, as they or the major Part of them are authorised to put in Execution any former Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Number of Stamps to be put on every such Copy shall be calculated and ascertained in like Manner, and according to such and the like Rules, in every Respect, as are contained in the said herein last-before recited Act, with respect to the said Duty of six Shillings and eight Pence; and all the Clauses, Provisions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things, relating to the said Duty of six Shillings and eight Pence, or prescribed in the said last recited Act, with respect to any Copies, purporting to be true Copies, or attested to be true Copies, of any Indentures, Leases or other Deeds, shall be extended, applied, and put in Practice, and shall continue and be in force, for the damping every such Copy as aforesaid, charged with any Duty by this Act, or for the raising, levying, and collecting the Duty hereby granted respectively, in the like Manner and as fully and effectually as if the said Clauses, Provisions, Rules, Penalties, f orfeitures, Matters, and Things, had been re-cna&ed in this Act.

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 72. 379

VII. And whereas by an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for Granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Certificates, to be taken out by Attornies, Solicitors, and others, practising in certain Courts offujhce in Great Britain, and certain other Duties with respect 'to Warrants, Mandates, and Authorities, /<? entered or filed of Record, as therein mentioned; and of another Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the several Matters therein mentioned; and for better securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain, certain Duties are granted on Certificates to be taken out by certain Notaries therein described: And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether Notaries, not being admitted in any Courts, are liable to the said Duties;’ for Remedy whereof, be it enacted, That, from and after the first Day of November one thousand eight hundred, every Person who shall act: as a Public Notary, or use or exercise the Office of a Notary in any Manner, or do any notarial Act whatsoever, without having been duly admitted in the Court or Courts wherein Notaries are usually admitted, and without having delivered in his Name and usual Place of Residence, and taken out such Certificate as is directed in and by the said last recited Acts of the twenty-fifth and thirty, seventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, or one of them, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, and shall be and is hereby made incapable to do any Act, Matter, or Thing as a Notary Pu-blick, or recover any Fee or Reward on Account of any such Act, Matter or Thing, without such Certificate as aforesaid; and every such Penalty shall be recoverable and recovered, and applied in like Manner in every Respect as any Penalty of the like Value imposed by the said last recited Acts, or either of them, may be recovered and applied.

VIII. And whereas the Provision contained in an Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Sea Insurances, by which it is enacted, That the Commissioners or Officers in the said Act mentioned shall not be required to provide, at the publick Charge, any stamped Parchment for Policies of Insurance, where the Sum to be insured thereon shall not amount to ten thousand Pounds or upwards, has been found to be productive of great Inconvenience: And whereas it is expedient that certain Provisions of the said Act, relating to the cancelling of certain Policies of Insurance in certain cases, and to the making an Allowance of the Stamps thereon, should be amended in certain Particulars herein after mentioned; and that Provi- fion should be made to permit the said Commissioners of Stamps to make an Allowance of the Value V of certain Stamps on Policies of Insurance, issued on former Acts of Parliament, prior to the said last recited Act, that have never been used, and have been rendered useless by the said Act:* Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as enads, that the said Commissioners or Officers in the said Act mentioned, should not be required to provide, at the Publick Charge, any Parchment stamped for Blank Policies of Insurance, as in the said Act is particularly mentioned, where the Sum to be insured thereon should not amount to ten thousand Pounds or upwards, shall, from and after the first Day of August one thousand eight hundred, be, and the same is hereby repealed; and that, from and after the said first Day of August, the said Commissioners shall provide sufficient Quantities of Parchment or Paper only, and not of Vellum, adapted for Policies of Insurance, with the several Forms for Blank Policies of Insurance printed thereon, and stamped according to the Provisions of the said Act, for the several and respective bums of five thousand Pounds, six thousand Pounds, seven thousand Pounds, eight thousand Pounds, and nine thousand Pounds respectively, to be insured thereon.

IX. And whereas it is expedient that the Period within which any stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, delivered in pursuance of the said last recited Act, may be brought or sent to the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, at their Head Office, to be cancelled, on the Terms and according to the Regulations in the said last recited Act contained, should be extended Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for all and every Person or Persons, to whom any stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, shall have been delivered in pursuance of the said Act, bearing the Date of the Delivery thereof by the proper Officer, in the Manner in the said Act directed, to bring or send to be cancelled any such stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, allowed by the said Act to be cancelled, unto the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties, at their Head Office, at any Time within six Calendar Months after the Date of the Delivery thereof as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners or their Officers shall have the like Authority as is in the said Act contained, to cancel the Policies so brought as aforesaid, and to exchange the same for other stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with Stamps of the like Value with the damped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper so cancelled ;4n like Manner in every Respect as if the same had been brought to be cancelled within the Period prel'cribed by the said last recited Act j any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said last recited Act as empowers the said Commissioners to cause any Policy that shall have been made and subscribed on any Ship or Ships bound on a Voyage outwards from any Port or Place in Great Britain, or any Part, Share, or Interest therein, or arising the reout, or on any Goods or Merchandizes laden on board such Ship or Ships which shall be brought to be cancelled within ten Office Days after the Departure of such Ship or Ships from any such Port or Place in like Manner, and under the like Powers, as if such Policy had been brought to be cancelled within ten Office Days from the Date of the first Subscription, (hull, from and after the passing of this Act, be, and the same is hereby repealed.

XI. And whereas it is expedient, That the Provisions in the said recited Act, empowering the said Commissioners to make Allowances for Stamps on Policies of Insurance, where the Sum insured shall

exceed

379

*5 G*°' 3* c.

80, recited.

37 Geo. 3. C. 90.

From Nov. 1, 1800, Notaries acting without having taken out their Certificate shall forfeit 50! and be rendered incapable of acting.

3tCco. 3. c. 63.

5*3 recited; and so much as enacts that the Commissioners, &c. fiiali not be required to provide Blank Policies of Insurance for Sums not amounting to io, ooool. repealed; and from August j, 1800, stam^ed Policies to be provided for 5, 6, 7, 8, and 9000l. respectively.

Policies may be brought to the Stamp Oflice to be cancelled within six Months from the Date of Deli-vety.

[S*f§8. of 3 5 Gco 3*

63.j

§ 9 & 35 Geo.

3. c 6 j. empowering the Commissioners to cancel Po,i-cies brought within i© Days aft-, r Depirture of the VtlUi repealed.

If an Insurance

he m.'de on a Ship that doc«

380 C. 72.'

Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

rot proceed upon her Voyage, or upon Cords that shall rot have been Clipped, &c. the Commissioners may cancel the Policies.

[&e§io of 35 Geo. 3. s. 63.]

Policies of Insurance Camped according to the Provisions of Atts prior to the last recited Act, and Policies Camped according to recited Act; not carried to be cancelled within the Period. thereby preferred,

K8.] may be cancelled by the Commissioners.

Putics granted by 37 Geo. 3. c. m. shall extend to every 'eed which by Law may Ibrm, or is inn r*<Jtd to fr^rm, a Part of any Conveyance ©t Land-, &z. tvurtby agreat-

exceed the Interest of the Assured in any such Policy, should be farther extended Be it farther enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, in case any Insurance shall have been maJe on any Ship, that is to say, or> the Body, Tackle, Apparel, Ordnance, Munition, Artillery, Boat, and other Furniture thereof, or upon the Freight of any Ship, or in case any Insurance shall be made on any Goods, Merchandizes, or other Effects laden or to be laden on board of any Ship or Ships, whether such Ship or Ships shall be specifically named in such Policy or not, and it shall happen that any such Ship so insured as aforesaid, shall not have proceeded upon the Voyage insured, or that any Goods, Merchandizes, or other Effects fojnfured as aforesaid have not been shipped on board any Ship or Ships, whether specifically nsmed in the Policy or not, or in case of any Insurance made on any Ship or on any Freight, or on ant Goods, Merchandizes, or other Effects, the Sum insured shall be found to exceed the Interest of the Af-sured on which the Risk attached, and in cale the separate Interest of one Person, or the joint Interest of two or more Persons assured in such Policy, shall fall short of the Sum insured on such Account by the Sum of one thousand Pounds or upwards, where the Duty payable thereon shall be at and after the Rate of one Shilling and three Pence per Centum, or of five hundred Pounds and upwards, when the Duty payable thereon shall be at and after the Rate of two Shillings and Sixpence per Centum, then and in every such Case as aforesaid, upon due Proof on Oath or Affirmation to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any one of them, that any such Ship hath not proceeded upon the Voyage insured, or that any such Goods, Merchandizes, or other Effects aforesaid, have not been shipped on board any Ship or Ships, whether specifically named or not, and that no Risk hath, in either of such cases, attached, or on such due Proof as aforesaid of the Value of the Interest, if any, assured in any such Ship, Freight, Goods, Merchandizes, or other Effects as aforesaid, on which any Risk has attached, and on the Production of the Policy whereby such Insurance was made, and also on such due Proof as aforesaid being made of the bona fide Return of the Premiums by the several Underwriters or Insurers on such Policy, on Account only of such no Risk, no Interest, or short Interest, as the Case may be, or of the Proportion of the Premium so returned on any such Account as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to make an Allowance to the Assured or Affureds of the Stamps on any such Policies, in respect of the Sums thereby insured, when the Whole of the Premiums shall have been returned on any such Account as aforesaid, ' or of such Part of the Sums thereby insured as shall be found to exceed the Interest of the Assured or Affureds in any such Policy; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and required to cancel any such Policies, and to deliver other stamped Papers or Parchment of the Value of the Stamps so allowed as aforesaid, in the Manner in the said Act directed with respect to Policies brought to be cancelled; Provided always, That no such Allowance shall be made as aforesaid, in any Case where the Interest of the Assured or Affureds in any such Ship, or in any such Freight, or on any such Goods, Merchandizes, or other Effects, shall be valued in or by any such Policy so brought to be cancelled as aforesaid.

XII. And whereas divers Persons have in their Possession certain Policies of Insurance stamped in purfuaince of certain Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of the said recited 1 Act, and which Policies-of Insurance were, and are, by the said last recited Act, rendered useless and of 6 no Value whatever to the Persons possessing the same: And whereas also divers Persons have in their Possession many Policies of Insurance spoiled, obliterated, or rendered unfit for Use, and allowed, according to the Provisions of the said recited Act, to be cancelled; but in as much as the same, through Inad- vertence and undesignedly have not been carried or sent to be cancelled within the Period by the said recited Act prescribed, the Commissioners of Stamps are not, by the said Act, authorised to cancel such Policies, or allowed Stamps to the Amount of the Value thereof: And whereas it is expedient that the said Commissioners should be empowered to cancel the said stamped Policies, and to provide other Policies, stamped according to the Provisions of the said last recited Act :* Be it therefore enacted, That on the Production to the said Commissioners of any Policies of Insurance, stamped according to the Provisions of any Act or Acts passed prior to the said last recited Act, or of any such Policies of Assurance stamped in pursuance of the said last recited Act, that shall not have been carried or sent to be cancelled within the Period by the said Act prescribed, and on due Proof made to the said Commissioners, in the Manner in the said last recited Act prescribed, with respect to Policies of Insurance brought to be cancelled, that such damped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, whereon any such Policy hath been written or printed, hath not been subscribed or underwritten by any Person or Persons, or used for any other Purpose or in any other Manner whatsoever, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to cancel the same; and to (lamp, or cause to be stamped, for the use of the Person or Persons producing the same, any Quantity of other Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, fit for the like Uses, with Stamps amounting to the like Value, and to mark the Date and Time of the Delivery thereof, in Manner in the said last recited Act prescribed, without demanding or taking, directly or indirectly, for the same, any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Consideration whatsoever.

XIII. And whereas, by an Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, certain Leaks of Lands or Tenements of small Value for a Term not exceeding twenty-one Years, are exempted from the Duties granted on Deeds by the said Act, and Doubts have arisen on the Conilruc- tion thereof ;* be it further enacted, That the said Duties granted by the said last recited Act shall be constru'.d to extend to every Deed which-by Law may form, or is intended to form, a Part of any Conveyance of Lands or Tenements, whereby a greater Interest in the same shall be conveyed than a Term ot twenty-one Years, whatever may be the Value thereof; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; Provided always, That where, by reasonof any such Doubt, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which any such Deed as aforesaid shall have been engrossed, written, or primed, shall not have been duly damped according to the Privisions of the said last recited Act, then and in

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 72. 381

such case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps, and they are hereby authorised, upon er Tntcreft shall the Production thereof to the said Commissioners, or any one of them, for the Purpose of being [tamped according to the Provisions of the said last recited Act, at any Time within twelve Months asur the 0Cn°

passing of this Act, to caul'e such Deed to be stamped, upon payment of the Duty by the said last recited Act years [See gran ed, without any Penalty whatever; and every Person concerned in engrossing, writing, or priming % f Lift recited any such Deed, or in making or executing the same, shall be, and is hereby freed, discharged, and indemnified from all Penalties and Forfeitures that shall have arisen, or may arise, in respect of any such ^- d°agree-

Decd« aby thereto

may be duly stamped within twelve Months after pairing this Act*

44 34 Geo. 3. c. 14. recited. Every Indenture of Clerkship to Attornies, made in the Bills of Mortality after " February 5, and in every other Part of England and Wales after February 10, 1794, and before March 28,

44 1794, whereon any Duty is by the last recited Act imposed, may, on Payment of the Duties on or before June 1, 1801, be duly stamped §14. and may within three. Months after be.ng flapped, be «4 em oiled by the proper Officer of the Court, &V. §15.

[See 37 Geo. 3. c. 60.: 39 Geo. 3. c. 39-]"

XVI. And whereas it is expedient that the said Commissioners of Stamps should be empowered to al- Commissioners low to any Person or Persons, who shall have taken out any Probates of any Will or Letters of Administration, through any Inadvertence or Mistake, in any Ecclesstical Court or Courts, the full Va’ue pro^i^of*

in other stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, of the Amount of the Stamp Duty on any of such Pro- wuband Let-

bates or Letters of Administration that shall have been rendered wholly useless and of no Effect what- ters of Admini-

ever, so as that no Person or Persons shall pay the St^mp Duty granted upon Probates of Wills or Letters stration» and of Administration, by any Act or Acts now in force, more than once upon any one Will, or on the 4ll°w [uch

same Property of any Person dying intestate:’ Be it therefore enacted, That where due Proof on Oath ampS*

shall be made to such Commissioners of Stamps, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, (which Oath

the said Commissioners or any one of them, is hereby authorised to administer,) that any Will hath, through

any Inadvertence or Mistake, been proved, or that any Letters of Administration have been taken out on the same Properly, in more than one Ecclesiastical or Prerogative Court, or more than once in any such

Ecclesiastical Court, and that by Reason thereof more than one Stamp Duty shall have been paid thereupon,

then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for such Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised,

upon Delivery to them of any such useless Probate or Letters of Administration as aforesaid, to be cancelled,

and on Production of the valid Probate or Letters of Administration that shall have been granted on any such Will or Property as aforesaid, to cancel such useless Probate or Letters of Administration, and to {lamp

or mark, or cause to be stamped or marked, or deliver any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, stamped with

Stamps of the like Denomination and Value with the Amount of any such Probate or Probates or Letters of Administration, without demanding or taking, directly or indirectly for the same, any Sum of Money or other Consideration whatsoever.

C4 37 Geo. 3. c. 90.

[§ 26 - 31.] recited. Attornies, &V. who have neglected to obtain Certificates as required by last recited Act, and who shall obtain and enter them within a Month after passing this Act, indemnified. Persons against whom Actions shall have been commenced before passing this Act, not liable to pay more than tool, with Costs. §17. but nothing herein shall indemnify any Person against whom Judgement*shall have been given on or before June 1, 1800. §18."

[34 GEO. 3. c.

XIX. And whereas by an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enable the Commissioners of his Majesty's Stamp Duties to stamp the Paper used for the 72- [§*] rc~

printing N, ufpapers thereon in Sheets of Single Demy Paper, instead of Sheets of Double Demy Paper, it cucd*

was among other Things provided. That no Sheet of Single Demy. Paper, stamped in pursuance of the said last recited Act, for the Printing of Newspapers, should exceed twenty-eight Inches in Length and twenty Inches in Breadth: And whereas it is expedient to permit the Cornmihioners and Officers in the said Act mentioned, to (lamp and mark, in Manner by the said Act directed, Single Demy Paper for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, of a larger Size than in and by the said Act is allowed:’ Be it there- SingleDemyPa-fore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners per not exceed, and Officers in the said Act mentioned, and they are hereby authorised to stamp and mark, in the Manner and an Ha t^ in the said Act directed, any Single Demy Paper, not exceeding thirty Inches and one Half Inch in 0/18

Length, and twenty Inches in Breadth y any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary thereof i:iha] m notwithstanding. length, and 20

Inches in Breadth, nuy be flampt,d.

---

382 C. 73. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for repealing the Duties of Excise on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of British-rcx2i&z Spirits from England to Scotland, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for altering, amending, and continuing certain Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland.

[9th July 1800.]

'WHEREAS by the Laws now in force certain Duties of Excise are payable for or in respect of Stills used for distilling Low Wines or Spirits, and for rectifying, compounding, or mixing Spirits for Consumption in Scotland, and also for making Spirits for Exportation from England to Scotland; and a certain Duty is now also payable for or in respect of British Spirits, distilled for Consumption in Scotland, and for or in respect of unmalted Grain used in Distillation in Scotland: And whereas it is expedient to repeal the said Duties, and to impose other Duties in lieu thereof; May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,'

[From November 10, 1800, the present Duties in Scotland shall cease, except the Duties on Stills in the Highland District, under 33 Geo. 3. c. 61. §21, &c. 35 Geo. 3. c. 59, and 37 Geo. 3. c. 102;]

That from and after the tenth Day of November one thousand eight hundred, all and singular the said Duties shall cease and determine, and be no longer payable or paid; save and except the Duties of six Pounds and ten Shillings, imposed by several Acts of the thirty-third, thirty-fifth, and thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, on Stills used in distilling Spirits in the Highland District of Scotland; and save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering or paying of any Arrears of the said Duties hereby repealed, which may at that Time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before or on the said tenth Day of November one thousand eight hundred.

---

[and the Duties following shall be paid

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said tenth Day of November one thousand eight he^ald'f ^all hundred, in lieu and in stead of the said Duties by this Act repealed, there shall be rarfed, levied, collect-Gafion of^the0 ec^ and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Duties of Excise herein after re-Content oft very spectively mentioned; that is to say, for and upon each and every Gallon English Wine Measure, (and so Still uftd for the in proportion for any less Quantity or Measure,) of the cubical Content or Capacity of each and every Purposes here- Still, (including the Head, and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus tiont^v^Cn~ therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the lame may be called or known, as high as

1 nt, viz. the Steam can ascend, and until the Top of the Head shall turn downwards, and form an Angle of forty-five Degrees,) which shall be used or employed for any or either of the Purposes herein after mentioned: that is to say,

Formating For the making or distilling of Low Wines or Spirits for Consumption in Scotland from Gorn, Grain*

Spirits (except Malt, Tilts, Cyder or Perry, or other Wafti or Liquor made or brewed from any Sort of British Mate* D fthe^Hr !"land r,a*s’ or an^ Mixture therewith, in any Part or Place in Scotland, (other than and except the Highland 37CM.V /101. District, as particularly specified and described in an Act made in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of for his present Majesty,) the annual Sum of one hundred and eight Pounds;

Consumption in Scotland from British Materials, 108l. annually.

For making For the making or distilling of Low Wines or Spirits for Consumption in Scotland from Melasses or Su-

from Mclafles or any Mixture therewith, in any Part or Place in Scotland, the annual Sum of six hundred and seventy

Or>Sugar in any Pounds:

Fart of Scotland, 6701 j [&< f eji. §40, &c.]

and from other For the making or distilling of Low Wines or Spirits for Consumption in Scotland from foreign refused ^tc.* Wines, or foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from foreign Materials, (except Melasses and Sug^r,) or any ria 7 05 Mixture therewith,' in any Part or Place in Scotland, the annual Sum of seven hundred and sixty Pounds: And,

and for rc&ify- For the rectifying, compounding, or mixing in any Part or Place in Scotland, of any Kind of Spirits, cr

ing any Kind of $t;onnr Waters for Consumption in Scotland, the annual Sum of one hundred and eight Pounds:

Spirits, 1 c SI. o r 7

For each Callon For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of Spirits of the Strength of one to ten over Hy-

of Spirits of a drometer Proof, (and so in proportion for any higher or lower Degree of Strength,) which shall be made or

cotain Strength distilled in any part or Place in Scotland for Consumption in Scotland, (not exceeding the Number of Gal-

a^imUe^Nuaf- l°ns of Spirits herein after limited, and restrided tube distilled annually by or from each Still,) the Sum of

ber) made (or Sixpence, to be paid by the Distiller of the said Spirits, over and above the aforesaid Duty on the Content

Consumption in of the Still, and the herein after mentioned Duty on the Worts or Wash from which such Spirits may be

Scotland, 6\ or may have been made or distilled:

aSove t c Duty

on the Still and on the Wash.

For each Gallon of W ifh

made for Consumption in

For and upon every Gallon, EnrliJI) Wine Measure, of all Worts or Wash which shall be brewed or mode in an; Part or Place in Scotland, (other than and except in the Highland District aforesaid,) for extracting Spirits for Consumption in Scotland from any Malt, Corn, Grain,.Tilt, Cyder, or Perry, or other

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 73. 383

Worts, Wash, or Liquor, made or brewed from any Sort of British Materials, or any Mixture therewith, Scotland, (ex-the Sum of two-pence and one Halfpenny, to be paid by the Brewer, Maker, or Distiller thereof: Highland Dif-

triffc,) from British Materials, ad. aq«

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of all Worts or Wash which shall be brewed or made in any Part or Place in Scotland for extracting Spirits for Consumption in Scotland from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, or from Foreign refused Wines or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, or any Mixture therewith, the Sum of two-pence and one Halfpenny, to be paid by the Brewer, Maker, or Distiller thereof:

For each Gallon made in any Fart of Scotland for Consumption in Scotland from foreign Materials, ad, aq.

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of Spirits of a Strength not exceeding that of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so in proportion for any higher Degree of Strength which shall be made or distilled in England, and imported or brought from thence into Scotland, there shall be paid by the Importer thereof, before the landing thereof, an Excise Duty of three Shillings.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said tenth Day of November one thousand eight hundred. Spirits made or distilled in England for Exportation to Scotland, under, fubied, and according to the several Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions provided by and contained in an Act made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the Exportation of \$r\t\(h~made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption; and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Im-posts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies, shall not be charged or chargeable in England, with any Duty whatever, either upon the Content or Capacity of the Still or Stills which shall or may be used or employed in making the same, or upon the Worts or Wash from which such Spirits may or shall be made or distilled; any Thing in this Act, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in anyways notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Duties by this Act imposed shall (except as is herein after excepted, or other wise di reded or provided) be raised, collected, recovered* secured, and paid by such Persons, at such Times, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, and under such Management, and under and subject to such Rules, Regulations, Conditions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and with such Power of adjudging and mitigating Penalties and Forfeitures, and with and subject to such Powers, and to the like Rules and Directions, and by such Methods, and in such Manner and Form, (except as aforesaid,) as by several Acts made in the twenty-eighth, thirty-third, thirty-fifth, and thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, and the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force concerning the several Matters and Things respectively for or in respect whereof any Duty is by this Act imposed, is directed or prescribed; and that all the Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Powers, Authorities, Rules, and Directions, mentioned and contained in the said Acts respectively, (except as aforesaid,) shall be practised and put in Execution, for the raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, or paying the several and respective Duties by this Act imposed, in Manner in the said Acts directed, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were particularly repeated and enacted in this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties by this Act imposed, (the ne-ccssary Charges for raising and accounting for the same excepted,) shall, from Time to Time, be paid Into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and the said Monies so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

VI. And whereas the Monies arising from the respective Duties hereby repealed, were directed to be entered separate and apart in the Books kept at the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer for a limited Time be it further enacted, That during the Period of ten Years, to be computed from the passing of an Act, passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, there shall be separately entered in the Books provided and kept in the said Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt for the Purposes aforesaid, at the End of every Quarter of a Year, ending on the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October, yearly, the Proportions herein after mentioned of the Duties hereby granted; that is to say, there shall be reserved in the Consolidated Fund for the Account existing prior to the passing of an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, out of the Duties hereby granted, one sixth Part thereof; and that after reserving such sixth Part as aforesaid, one other sixth Part of the said Duties shall be entered in the separate Account directed to be kept by several Acts passed in the said thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and the Remainder of the said Duties shall be entered in the separate Account, directed to be kept by several Acts passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as the same shall arise at the End of each Quarter.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties by this Act imposed shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being.

For each Gallon of Spirit* made in England and imported into Scotland, 3s. From November 10, 1800, Spirits distilled in England for Exportation to Scotland accord* ir.gtoaS Geo. 3. c. 46. shall not be chargeable with any Duty in England.

Duties to be raised as prescribed by the Acts for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, &c.

Duties to be carried to the Consolidated Fund'.

Duties to be entered in the

Books of the Auditor of the Exchequer as htreir directed, [r. 17.]

Management of the Duties.

38+

No Reifcn shall ftt up a i-till in Scotland without a Licence on

Penalty of 5C0l. and Forfeiture of the Still, &c.

Manner of

granting Licences.

Vo Licence shall be granted till Security be given for Payment of the Duty.

Licences shall be in force for one Year from the loth Nov. yearly.

Duty for Licences shall be paid by Monthly Instalments in Advance.

Fcmlty of rot paying the Licence Duty duly. Firsti urc of the 5:ili and 5-cl.

C. 73. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

"VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whatever, shall, by him. her, or themselves, or by any other Person or Persons whatever employed by him, her, or them, or For his, her, or their Useor Benefit, ered, set up, use*, employ, or work, any Still or Stills for distilling, making, or manufacturing of Low Wines or Spirits from Malt, Corn, Sugar, or Melasses, or any of the Materials aforesaid, or for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any Kind of Spirits or Strong Waters, in‘any Part of Scotland, without first taking out a Licence for that Purpose, in the A'lanner herein after mentioned and directed, ten Days at lead before he, she, or they shall so ered, set up, use, employ, or work any such Still or Stills, on pain to forfeit five hundred Pounds, together with all and every such Still and Stills, with the Tubs and Utensils thereto belonging, and all Worts, Wash, Low Wines, and Spirits, and also all Materials for brewing or manufacturing Worts, Wash, Low Wines, or Spirits, or for rectifying or compounding Spirits in the i*of-session of such Person or Persons; and all and every such Still and Stills, Tubs, Utensils, Worts, Waft, Low Wines, Spirits, and Materials, shall and may be (eized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every such Licence shall be granted in the Manner following; that

is to say, if such Licence shall be applied for to authorize the Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers, Rectifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders of Spirits to whom the same shall be granted, to make, distil, rectify, or compound Spirits within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in Edinburgh, the same shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of tw o or more of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland or the Time being, or of such Person or Persons as they the said Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them for the Time being, shall [from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose; but if such Licence shall be applied for to authorize the Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers, Rectifier or Redifiers, Compounder or Compounders of Spirits, to whom the same shall be granted, to make, distil, rectify, or compound Spirits in any Part of Scotland not within the said Limits, the same shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of the Collector and Supervisor of Excise of the Collection and District within which the same shall authorize the Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers, Redifier or Redfifiers, Compounder or Compounders of Spirits, to whom the same shall be granted, to make, distil, rectify, or compound Spirits; and such Commissioners of Excise, or two or more of them, and the Person or Persons to be appointed by the said Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, or the major Part of them, and also all such Collectors and Supervisors, are hereby respectively authorised and required to grant (without Fee or Reward) Licences to the Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers, Rectifier or Redifiers, Compounder or Compounders of Spirits, applying for and duly qualified to receive the same, on his, her, or their finding the Security, and complying with the Conditions herein after mentioned, and first paying into the Hands of the proper Officer of Excise such Proportion of the yearly Rate or Duty hereby imposed as herein after is directed, according to the Content or Capacity of the Still or Stills so to be erected, set up, made use of, employed, or worked as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That no such Licence shall be granted to any Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers, Redifier or Redifiers, Compounder or Compounders of Spirits for Consumption in Scotland, until he, she, or they respectively shall have found Security by Bond to his Majesty in the penal Sum of five hundred Pounds, with at least one sufficient Surety, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or the proper Collector of Excise, that he, she, or they shall make due and regular Payment of the whole annual Duty by this Act imposed on the Capacity or Content of his, her, or their Still or Stills so to be licensed as aforesaid, at the Time and Times, and in the Manner herein after mentioned and directed, without any Allowance, Abatement, or Deduction on Account of any Loss, Accident, or Interruption that may happen during the Currency or Period of such Licence, except in or through the Destruction of the Distillery, and total Stoppage of the Work by Fire, or as is herein-alter excepted and provided.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Licence for the distilling, making, or manufacturing of Low Wines or Spirits from Malt, Corn, Grain, or Br'ttish Materials in the Lowlands of Scotland, or troraMe-lafies, Sugar, or other Foreign Materials, or for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any Kind of Spirits in any Part or Place in Scotland which shall be granted or renewed upon or after the said tenth Day of November one thousand eight hundred inclusive, shall be and continue in force from the said tenth Day of November inclusive to the tenth Day of November one thousand eight hundred and one exclusive, and for no longer or shorter Period; and every such Licence to be afterwards granted or renewed shall be and continue in force for one Year from the tenth Day of November yearly, and for no longer or fcortcr Period.

XII. And be it further enacted, That upon or previous to the granting of any such Licence for the distilling, making, or manufacturing of Low Wines or Spirits from Malt, Corn, Grain, or British Materials in the Lowlands of Scotland, or from Melasses, Sugar, or other Foreign Materials, or for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any Kind of Spiiits in any Part or Place in Scotland, the Person or Persons applying for the same shall, belore he, she, or they be entitled to such Licence, pay down in Advance in Ready Monty to the proper Officer of Excise, one-twelfth Part of the annual Duty by this Act imposed (or or in respect of the Capacity or Content of his, her,'or their Still or Stills specified in such Licence, for one Year, computed as aforesaid; and shall afterwards, at or before the End of every Month, pay down Ready Money in Advance as aforesaid, another twelfth Part of the said yearly Duty payable for or in respu* of such Still or Stills, until the Whole thereof shall be fully paid, over and above the Sum paid in Advance at t e Lime of granting such Licence.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons licensed as aforesaid shall neglect, delay, or ref use to pay the Licence Duty imposed by this Act for or in respect of the Capacity or Content of his, her, or their licensed Still or Stills, or any Part thereof, in Advance, in the Manner, and at the Time or Times herein-before directed, every such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose his,

7

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 7> 385

her, or their Still or Skills, and also the Sum of five hundred Pounds; which Still or Stills shall and may be seized by arty Officer or Officers of Excise-

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons in any Part or Place in Scotland shall The Lime Pr. ercft, work, or make use of any other Still or Stills except such as shall be specified in his, her, or their Li- na]ty bereft-Cence or Licences,^whether of the same or of a different pt-.script.ion, Capacity, or Content, either in the Body, or in the Head, or any other Part thereof, than, shall have been so specified, such Still or Stills shall be ‘ci^ed iTi-< forfettied and loft, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of Officers of Extife; and every such Person concc.

or Persons shall also forfeit and lose for every such Offence the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, THat it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland to Licences may - grant Licences to att Persons applying for the same, and duly recommended and qualified, toereft, keep, and be granted for work Stills for distilling from Barley, Bee/, or Big, in the Highlands of Scotland, within the respective Coun- treating stili* ties, Parts of Counties, and Limits particularly specified and defet ibccl, in the before-mentioned Acts of the JJj!1 hlantTDif

thirty-seventh and thirty-ninth*, Years of the Reign'0/his present Majesty, as the Highland District, and trid, upon Pay-as corttfadiftioguished from the intermediate District herein after mentioned, and from the Lowlands of ment of the old Scotland± far one Year, from* thfe flrd tenth Pay of November one thousand eight hundred inclusive, to the Duty.

tenth Day of November one1 fbbufartd eight hundred and one exclusive, and so from Year to Year thereafter §39*3

upon Payment of the same, and do higher yearly Rate of Duty for‘or ifr respect of the Capacity or Content

of the Stills specified in such Licences to which Distillera in the said Highland District were subject and liable

under the Acts of the thirty-third, thirty-fifth, and thifty-seventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty,

and alfty subject lo and upon the same Terms, Condition?, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Penalties,

and Forfeitures, as were contained lVthe.foid Act of the thirtyrfcvemh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and imthe tefote-mentioned Acts <tf/thfc' thirty-eighth f1 and thirty-ninth'Years of the Reign of §39-1

his present MajestyE or any of therjri, save ^ncfe^jilept as is herein after excepted or altered.

XVI. And whereashf the (kid Act Of the thirty-fevpnth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty. Ii>- 37 Geo 3.C. 101. 4 intituled, An Act for to his Majesty additional Dirties on Distilleries in we everal Parts of the High- recited.

lands of Storland, particularly described, for ka limited Tune; and for regulating the Duties on Dif

tilleries in the respective Dtflrifls in Scotland, it; was enacted, That all Stills to be licensed to be set up in any other Part of the Highlands of Scotland, as described in an Act of the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty's except the Counties, Pafrs bf Counties, and Blades in the/aid Act of the thirty-seventh Year of his firefcnF Majestyfp^rticidariy fipecifietf and described,)* should be licensed for the Term thereip mentioned, on Payment of the Composition or Licence Duty, at and after the Rate of six Pounds and ten Shillings, irt addition '6'the Duties already imposed thereon* by any Act or Acts in force before the passing

of the said Act; ttitLcertairt other Prbvlfitms and Regulations Were;therein, and in the aforesaid Act of the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, made in /elation to Stills and Distillers within the Line or Boundary betwixt the Lowland'pfr.Southern and th(e Highland or Northern Districts of Scotland^ and commonly called or known by the Narhd of the Intermediate Di/IrlSf: And Whereas it is now expedient and necessary to difeontirtqbc and abolish the Distinction thereby introduced and established: be it therefore enacted, That* frbtfv and After the ford, tenth Day of November one thousand eight hundred, the From Nov. 10, Duties* by the said Act^ lmff>pfod /orxdhti^ued^8tills to be licensed f^hd setup 'or used within the aforesaid 1809,the Duties Tnfenmediats District, and all the? Regulations, Provisions, Clattfcsr, Matters, and Things specially regarding the said District, shall be, and they are hereby repealed, from and after the said tenth Day of November one on-stiUs within Xhpafotu) eight hundred^ and that,f firdfri and after the said Day,1 all‘and every Person and Persons who, theinienmciate within the said intermediate District, (hah brevy ot make Worts oi* Wash far Distillation, or who shall D ftrldt.repcai-dtftft Low Wines or Spirits, or Who shall use or empfay any Still or Stills for distilling Wash, Low Wines, cci, and the stills or Spirits, or for rectifying, bofrrpourtding, orhilxing Spirits Within the said District, shall be subject and ^cr.cinf iliableth the same Duties, Regulations; Prh^ifidfis', OohditibrtsJ Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, ns is tics aS t^Scm* to arrfeim^ofed or provided by fthiVAIft, bfby any^ farther Act or Acts of Parliament, in the Case bf Distil- tlw Lowlands fers or Stills in the Lowlands of Scotland frot byfttftsf Act rtpe'aleffj any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary in any ways notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That Whefr the Licence Duty, at dnd afeer the yearly Rate of one L;conceDaty hundred’ and eight; Pounds shall be paid for or upon each Gallon of the cubical Content or Capacity of a niaii be held the k Stdl in thr Lowl^ids of Sclttind/futh Duty Waif 5e held to" be the Licence Duty'on the Spirits manufac- Dmy forier- turediu such S«IE for a^id during oiie Year, from and after the D^y on which such Licence shall comnience tain Quaiuitits, and take Effect^it the Rite ftf twothbdfar'd and twenty-five Gallons, and Mo more, Erfhlh IWind!Mcaj- ciuS1P‘nls» v'7;

Jurei* of 3pirity*of* the Strength of one w ten over Hydrometer Proof For bachGaluSW Coirte'nr of fa/h for

j that when the*Uctnce Diky, ft and after the pearly Rate of six hundred and fcVcnty Pounds, matl ions ]Kr An.

j ibei paid’ for or upon each Gaifail of the cubical Content or Capacity of a Still in ai)y^Parl: or Place of I'crt.iiion 1 iS:otiand,1-such Duty fh3>li be held to be thb Licence Duty on the Spirits manufactured in stich Still for and Content.

T xiuring, out*Year, from and after the Day on which such Licence shall commence and take Efftft, at the 6*?ol. for4050 j Rare of four thousand and fifty Gallons, and no more, English Wine Meafu re,; of Spirits of the Strength Gallons per An. j of one to ten over Hinkometef Proof'-for each Galloh Content of such Still} that when the Lfcdrtce*Duty, I6?/10!" 3 P 1 flt;and after the yearly fcve* lYiffdrtd and sixty Pounds, shall be paid fofor hptoii etidlJ 'GSHon (5f1fne P

{ cobiaaiCQmhntx>rC)itoacit^ fSt»Urin arly:Pkft or Place in Scotland, ftfch Duty shall brer held to be tHib r Lidedce Dufy-on theiopiriwl^Tiumitttftuted m fethlSkiR for and during orte Yeif, frodi artddfteb ihe Day on L« whiefe fuish T.kencalh^'domrtiiehcdliind1 takefEfftft, at tnd Rdtc of three thousand fix jlundred artd (orif fivh fi Gallons, iand ho xttolt^>Engli)fhiW'\sm Meafare, of Spirits of the Stfehgtfi of orrfe to ten overHydrometef t\ Proof, for each Giilon Cotueiit^of fudvStill; and thkt when the Licence Duty, at and after the yearly Rate I0S* for £2 of six Pounds and ten Shillings, shall be paid for and upon each Gallon of the cubical Content or Capacity of G-1,om Prr Alu t 3^ & Geo. III. 3D a Still

3$6

Duties on every extra Gallon distilled; viz. 3s. if from British Corn, &c.; 4s. 9d. from Sugar; and 5s. 9d. from othfer Foreign Materials

Officers of Excise shall monthly take 411 Account of / Stock of Dfcf* filters for Consumption in Scotland, and < charge -for the Exceft.

If the Quantity of Spirits for which the Duty of 6d. per Gallon shall be charged, shill fall short of what it ought to be, the Deficiency shall bfe charged vrith the Duty. Licences may be given up to be vacated on* der certain Conditions.

r.

C. 73. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

a Still in the Highland District, such Duty shall he held to be the Licence Duty on the Spirits, maouWfoitd I in such Still, lor and during one Year from and after the Day on which such Licence shall commence and I

take Efteci, at the Rate of fifty-two Gallons, and no more, English Wine Measure, of Spirits of the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof for each Gallon Content of such StilJ; and when any such Licence Duties shall be respectively paid for any shorter Period of Time than pne Yqar, (not, b$ing let than one Calendar Month,) the like Proportions shall be observed respectively, as to the Quantity of Spirits for which such Licence Duty shall be held to have been paid, according to the full Content or Capacity of each and every such Still; and that for and upon all Spirits which shall be manufactured from any such licensed Still respectively, during One Year as aforesaid, over and above the respective Quantities aforesaid, for each Gallon Content of each such Still, and in and according to the same Proportions for and during any shorter Period, (not being less than one Month as aforesaid*) there shall be paid on Demand, by every such Distiller, the Sum of three Shillings for every Gallon of such surplus Spirits of the Strength aforesaid, which shall be distilled from Malt, Corn, or British Materials 1 of fourShdlmgs and nine Pence, for every Gallon of such surplus Spirits of the Strength aforesaid, which mail bedHli)lejd from MelafteS or Sugar; and of five Shillings and nine Pence, for every Gallon of such fui plus Spirits of; the Strength aforesaid* which shall be distilled from other Foreign Materials, over and above the respp&iye Licence Duties, and alloihet Duties whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Officers of Excise ffirfll once in every Calendar Month it

the least, and oftener when it shall appear necessary, or tyheri directed by any principal or geneFhl Officer of Excise, or by the Surveyor or Supervisor of the District, take an Account Qf the Stock of Spirits in the Pef-session of all Diallers for Consumption in Scotland-, and if of taking such Account the Quantity of Spirits found in any such Stock, added to the Quantity fqf which Permits wall have been granted, Chat) be found to exceed the Quantity of Spirits which ought only to have been made and distilled by ft*chi)iftiHer frost any licensed Still according to its Size during the said Period, apd according to the Proportions herein-before rcS speclively established and allowed, such Excess shall be immediately charged at and;aftet the aforesaid Raft Pf three Shillings, four Shillings and nine Pence, or five Shillings and nine Pence respectively, as the Case ttiay require, for every Gallon of such surplus Spirits of the Strength of oqe to ten Ofer Hydiorfteter Proof; and such Duty shall be paid on Demand by the Distiller, piper apd ajWp *11 Other qp/Pain of forfeiting For every Refusal or Neglefil tp make such* Paymep^. the IjJqtn, of for, each andevefy

Gallon of such surplus Spirits*

XIX. And be it further enacted, That.if the Quantity of Spirits computed at rthe Strength of pne tb teh

over Hydrometer Proof, which shall be produced to the proper Office or Queers of Thtpiiq, by kriy Diffil-ler of uiftillers of Spirits* and a£hia)ly charged with the Duty of Siitpenpe for every Gallpq thereof, shall it the End of the Year for which any such Licence as aforesaid shall baye been granted, jor sooner Termiaction of stich Licence, be found to fall fhoft of the Quantity bf Spirits which ought to have been produced and charged with the^aid Dpty according to the Proportions herejhv-befQrei mentioned, then and in every such Case such Deficiency ^hal| be immedwtely cl^ged it |pd d^e; Ratgo£ Sixpence‘for every Gallon of Spirits so deficient as aforesaid^ to be paid by thfcDvfftyw for pij ip >rclpjB^ of such deficient. Quantity ef Spirits, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of ten jSfiiflings for tpiqn apd ^yeryGaftop, fp-deficient, io Default of 'making such Payment as aforesaid. ' ./ { r*!r. /if if f1*i

XX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said tpmh tJay ojf Noytmkrone thousand eight hundred, it shall and may be lawful foy aiw Person or Perfqqs Upenfed by the said Commissioners of £x-cife to ere£f, keep, and work any Still or Stills for the distiTipig, making, or manufacturing of Low Wines or Spirits from Malt, Corn, Grain, or British Materials, jryjhe vpwlapds of Scotkitd) or from Mrisffos Sugar, or other foreign Materials, prj for the reifying, cooTrpquhdtipg, or fixing or 4ny Kind of Spirits ih any Part oi* P)ace ip Scotland, or for arjy Person or Persons Ucensed by the iajd QpnHtiiffionctx.of Excisei ta ered, keep, and work Stills for distilling from Barley,; |Beer, orj^ig in rbeTHighlarids of Sc&Jarid, tadeliver up his, her, or their Licence or Licences tri the said Commissioners, pr to the proper Supervisor, or Surveyor of the District, or Officer of the Division, to be vacated upoq the Condition here in-after expreftd» and at the Time herein after particularly mentioned; that is to say, every such Person or Persons ihtendfnfc

to deliver up his. her, or their Licence or Licences to be vacated, shall give to the said Commissioners, Su- j pervisor. Surveyor, or Officer, fifteen Days’, previous Notice in Writing signed by such Person or Persons of such Intention before he, she, or they shall be entitled* to discontinue the wpfking of his, her, or their Still or Stiljs lic^nfifdasaforesaid ;vand thereupon the said Commissioner^, Su pervisor. Surveyor* or Officer shall, and they are hereby respectively authorised to vacate the said Li^epee or Licences, but not foorier than at and from flics' Endof any one Calendar Month for which Time the Licence Duty ba$ been actually paid in

Advance by such Person or Persons; and in that Case the Proportion of the Licence Duty payable for or in respect of uich Still or Stills for the unexpired Time of his, her, or their Licence or Licences^during whidi the working of the said Still or Stills shall be discontinued, shall not be charged or chargeable upon, or payable <^r paid fycE Person or Persons who f^ajl have given such Notice as aforesaid, and have ceasedtt Syotk such Still or Stills fropi and after the Time, speciheqi in rfaph Notice^ Jhh tttP Stock of Spints then jremaiqipg on Hand of such Distiller or l)i(h|lers mall betaken by the proper Offices of Excise; and ifon Jbalancipg the Acpouqt thereof as aforesaid, any £xcefs (baji be found appye the Proportions betein-before mentioned^ or any Deficiency therefroto shall fiq discovered, <he faiwc shall be immediately chargeable and charged vfith at and after the Rate respectively heternrbefpre mcmiohed* Pn the Event of a surplus or Deficiency, as the Calc may require, and the same shall p^ forthwith paid by.such Distiller or Disttlkrs under the Penalty aforesaid.

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 73. 387

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That after any Kcensed Stifl has been gauged and raea-" sured, and irs Capacity of Content ascertained by the proper Officer of Excise, no Alteration or Addition Audi be made thereon or thereto, either in the Body or in the Head, or any Part thereof, for and during one Calendar Month at the least, nor even then or afterwards, but at the Beginning of each Month, nor without previous Notice in Writing, figried by the Distiller, being given toTuch Officer at least three Days before such Alteration o! Addition is attempted to be made, on rain of forfeiting the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Officers of Excise, and each and every of them, shall be and they are hereby authorised and empowered, and have Right, by;Night 6r by Day, to enter into, and continue in every Still House or other Place made use of determined by any Distiller, or Maker, or Rectifier, or Compounder of Spirits for Home Consumption in any Part of Scotland^ for making, keeping, brewing, or distilling Worts, Wash, Low Wines, or Spirits, or for rectifying or compounding Spirits, and also to examine every Still, and the Materials therein, if not at Work; and if at Work, to stay and continue in such Still House or Place, until such Still shall be wrought off, and then to examine the same, and what Materials were wrought therein, and also to re-gauge or re-measure any Still or SttH$,or the Head or Heads, or any Part thereof, so as to discover whether any Alteration or Addition has been made thereon or thereto, without such Notice as aforesaid; and in case any such Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder, shall refuse to permit such Officer of Excise to enter into or to continue in his or her Still, House or other Place aforesaid, or to make such Examination as aforesaid, or to re-gauge or re-measure any Still or Stills for the Purpose aforesaid, or shall obstruct or hinder such Officer in the due Execution of any Part of his Duty, in every such Case such Dif-tiller, Rectifier, or Compounder shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said tenth Day of November one thousand eight hundred, every Distiller of Spirits in the Lowlands of Scotland for Home Consumption shall, five Days at the least before he or she shall begin to brew any Corn or Grain, or to prepare or mix any other Materials for the making of Worts or Wash to be distilled into Low Wines or Spirits, make a true and particular Entry in Writing, at the next Office of Excise within the Limits whereof his or her Still House is or shall be situated, of all Places, Coppers, Tuns, Backs, Coolers, Stills, Calks, Vessels, and other Utensils, which he or she shall make use of for the brewing, mixing,.fermenting, working* distilling, holding, laying, or keeping any Malt, Corn, Grain, Cyder, Perry, Sugar, Melasses, Or other Materials or Ingredients for brewing or mak-irtg Worts, Wash, Low Wines, or Spirits; and in such Entry shall specify the particular Use and Purpose to and for which each such Place, Vessel, or Utensil is intended to be applied and appropriated; and if any such Distiller shall neglect to make such Entry, specifying as aforesaid, he or she shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no such Distiller who shall have made such Entry as aforesaid, shall be permitted to withdraw his or her Entry whilst any Worts, Wash, Low Wines, or other Materials preparing or fit for Distillation, are remaining in any of the Places, or in any of the Utensils so by him or her respectively entered as aforesaid; but in every such Case the Officers of Excise under whose Survey such Distiller shall then be, shall continue to survey the Places and Utensils mentioned in each such Entry until all the Worts, Wash, Low Wines, and other Materials shall be worked off, and the Duties charged on the said Worts or Wafti, and on the Spirits the Produce thereof, or until the same shall be removed from and out of the said entered Places, and then, and not till then, .(lull any such Entry made as aforesaid, be withdrawn.

his Survey till the Material* are worked

XXV. And be it further enacted, That, every such Distiller shall be, and he or she is hereby required to fttewtQ the Officer of Excise who surveys fits or her Distillery, every Still, Copper, Tun, Wash Back, Cooler, Calk, or other, Vessel or Utensil (Q-e (iter? ’ as aforesaid; and he the said Officer is hereby required to mark the; lame wfih a particular, distin^i, apd d^r^ble Mark $ and every Still, Copper, Tun, ' Wall* Back, Cooler^, Calk* or other Vessel or Utensil which shall at any Time or Times be used by any such Distiller Without being so fitjwn or marked, lh'41 be deemed a Vessel or Utensil of which no Entry has been made; and if any Person or Persons> whatsoever shall at any 'I nine or Times after such St*ily Copj>er, Tun, Wafti Bpck, Cooler, Calk, or other Vessel or Utensil* shall have been so marked by such Officer as aforesaid, rub out or deface any, such Mark Infixed upon (any such Still, Copper, Tun, Wafti Back, Cooler, Calk, or other Vessel or Utensil, by such Officer as aforesaid, he, she, or they so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and lpfe the ;$,utq:Qf fifty. PoMnds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every such Distiller of Spirits in the Lowlands of Scotland* from and after the find tepth Dayt of November one thousand eight hundred, shall, twelve Hours before he or she Hull begin to mix, ma(h, or brew any Malt or Grain, Melasses or Sugar, or other Materials, to be ter- minted or made into Worts or Wafti, or to prepare Worts or Wash ior Distillation, give to the proper Officer of Excise under whole Surveyhe or Ihe^hall then be, a. Notice in Writing, specifying therein the particular Time and Hopr when, he or she iAt^pds to tabegin to prepare,.mix, or math, and the true Quantify or Weight of iVLalt, amfqf iinmalitieTGraiAi^and of Melasses, Sugar,: Or Foreign Materials, intended to be prepared, mixed, ormashed, as the Case may Require; on Pain of forfeiting ior every Neglect of g^ingfuclv Notice, and specifying as fefcresaid* the Sum of fifty-Pounds.

XXVII. And be it fu#he* enabled, That every Wash Back which, from and after the said tenth Day tlNavtmbtKPf# ffi9M^.cigh^undred^shall be ufedor kept by any Distiller of Spirits in the Lowlands of Scotland for Home Consumption, shall have a Hole or Dipping Place in the Top, and alto a Brals Cock in th$ieof, and every such Wafti Back shall be so placed and constructed as that the Officer of Excise

Np Alteration shall be made

in any lic[ce][hn][fs]ed Still without previous Notice, on Penalty of 500L

Officers of Excise may enter into Still Houses, ScC» by Night or Day so examine.

Penalty of 200l. for Refusal to permit them to enter. &c.

From Novera-r ber 10, 1800, Distillers in else Lowlands shall shall make previous Entry of all Places and Utensils used for distilling, on Penalty ofiooK

No Distiller shall withdraw his Entry whilst any Materials for Distillation are remaining in any entered. Place or Uten-fils, but the Excise. Officer shall continue off or removed.

I hi I. lie is shall flu w to the Ex-ciie Oihv.ei all Still'., &c. which he shall riark.

Stills, &c. not marked fhilt be deemed unentered.

Penalty of 50l. lor deUcii.g Marks.

Fioin Nov. 10, 1800, Difliiiers> in 1 uc Lowlands shall give iz Hour*’ previous Notice of their intention to nit* Mitenals, &c. on Penalty ot 50J.

From Nov. 10, 1800, every Wash hack for difliiling in U.c Lo a landi for

38$ C. 73. Anno Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

may be conveniently enabled to take his Pip or Gauge at such Hole or Dipping Place, it the Top thereof, and to <haw off a Sample of the Wash therein; and if any such Driller shall keep or use, any Wash Back,* without such Hole or Dipping Place at the Top, or such Cock in the Middle thereof, or shall have, keep, or use, any Wash Back so placed or constructed as that the Officer of Excise cannot conveniently be enabled to take his Dip or Gauge, or to take such Sample as aforesaid, he or she shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

Home Consumption shall have a Holtr in the 1 of and a Brass Cock in the Middle, and he To placed that the Officer

may conveniently take his Dip and draw off a Sample on Penalty of 50l.

No such Distiller shall keep any private Pipe,

Sec by which Liquors fit for Difliilation may be conveyed from one Vessel to another on Penalty of aocl.

Officers of Excise in the Day Time and Pre. fence of a Peace Officer may break up Ground to search for any private Pipe, &c.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no such Distiller shall have or keep any private Pipe, Stop Cock, or other private Conveyance by which any Worts, Wash, or other Liquors fit for Oiitillation may be conveyed from one Back or other Veil'd to another, or from any such Back or other Vessel to his or her Still or Stills, or into any other Place; nor shall have or keep any Hole other than as aforesaid, in any such Back or Wash Back, by which any Worts, Wash, or any other Liquor lit lor Difliilation may be conveyed into or out of such Back or \Va(h Back, or any of them*. on Paia to forfeit for every such Pipe, Stop Cock, Conveyance, and Hole, the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XXIX. And for the better Discovery of all private Pipes, Stop Cocks, and other private Conveyances c or Utensils *,’ be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officers of Excise or any of them, in the Day Time, and in the Presence of a Con (table or other lawful Officer of the Peace, (who is hereby required to be aiding and assisting the rein,) on Request first made, and Cause declared, to break up the Ground in any distilling House, or the Ground near adjoining, or any Wall, Partition, or other Place, to search for any such Pipe, Stop Cock, or any other private Conveyance or UtenfiE and upon finding such Pipe or other Conveyance, to break up the Ground, House, Wall, or other Partition or Place through or into, which any such Pipe or other Conveyance shall lead; and to break up or cut any such Pipe or other Conveyance, and to turn any Cock or Cocks, to try and examine whether such Pipe or other Conveyance may or can convey any Worts, Wash, or other Liquors fit for Difliilation out of one Back or Vessel into another, or from any such Back or Vessel into any Still or Stills, or into any other Place.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no such Distiller shall erect, set up, have, or keep any Trunk, or any other close Vessel or Utensil, for receiving, keeping, or making Worts, Wash, or other Materials preparing or fit for Difliilation, on Pain to forfeit for every such Trunk, or other ciofe Vessel or Utensil, so erc&ed, set up, had, or kept, the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

No such Distiller shall keep any Trunk, &c. for receiving Materials for Difliilation, on Forfeiture of the same and 200l.

No Wort for

distilling for Home Consumption in the Lowlands shall be put into the Still or removed from where fer-nunted till the Duty be charged, on Penalty of tool.

Worts fraudulently removed or concealed, shall be forfeit, ed, and the Party forfeit jooL

Officers may take Samples of Wort on paying for the same j

and of Spirits in Stock.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said tenth Day of November one thousand eight hundred, no Worts, Wash, or Tilts, or other Liquor or Preparation for the Distillation of Spirits fcr Home Consumption in the Lowlands of Scotland, shall be put into the Still, or otherwise removed from the Back or Veil'd wherein the same was or were fermented, until the same shall have been gauged, and the Duty charged thereon by the proper Officer of Excise; and if any Distiller shall, contrary to the Directions of this Act, put into any Still, or otherwise remove or cause to be removed, any such Worts, Wash, Tilts, or other Liquor or Preparation, from the Back or Vessel wherein the same was or were fermenting or fermented, before the same shall have been gauged, and the Duty charged thereon, such Distiller shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said tenth Day of November one thousand eight hundred, no Worts, Wash, Tilts, or Low Wines, in the Possession of any Distiller of Spirits in airy. Part or Place in Scotland, shall be removed or taken away from his or her entered and licensed DifliFlcry1, nor: shall any Wefts, Wash, or Tilrs be deposited, hid, or concealed in any Place whatsoever, with I merit to ‘defraud the Duty; and when and so often as any Worts, Wash, Tilts, or Low Wines shall be removed of taken away, or any Worts, Wash, or Tilts shall be deposited, hid, or concealed, contrary to the true latent and Meaning of this Act, such Worts, Wash, Tilts, and Low Wines respectively shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may befeized by any Officer of Excise* and over and beside such Forfeiture, such Distiller so removing or taking away any Worts, Wash, Tilts, or Low Wines, or so depositing, hidrfig, or concealing any Worts, Wash, or Low Wine?,- or causing the same so to be removed^ taken away,1 of de- ’ posited, hid, or concealed, and the Perfcrti or Persons employed so to remove or take dway, or so todephiit,* hide, or conceal the same, or who shall receive the same, shall severally forfeit and lose the Suitrof OfieMU-’1 dred Pounds.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Officers of Excise shall, and they ard Hereby empowrerefd^ as often as to them or any of them shall seem expedient, to take a Sample or Samples, of all Worts, Waft),4 or other Liquors in the Possession of any Distiller or Distillers, either in the Coolers, Wash Backs, or other' Vessel or Utensils whatsoever, or before the same shall be conveyed into the Wash Still or Stills, not cceding at any one Time one Gallon of such Worts, 'Wash, or other Liquors from each such Cooler^ Wash Back, or other Vessel or Utensil, ob paying for the same, if demanded, after the Rate uftwd Shillings; by the Gallon of such Worts, Wash, or other Liquors.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and mhy be lawful fori any Officer or Officers of Excise* to take a Sample or Samples of Low YVmes or Spirits in the Stock or PofiHfiortof any Dish!ter6r Distillers, not exceeding Haifa Pint out of each Caflcor Vessel, paying for such Sample, if demanded* at and afterthc1 Rate of lix Shillings by the Gallon. -1 4

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 73. 389

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Di ft ill* r in the Lowland of Scotland (half, for every one DiAitter*ftaH -hundred Gallons of Wash prepared from Malt, Corn, Grain, or any Sort of British Materials, or any Mix- {^,uccto ture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Consumption in Scotland, found in his or her Custody, produce to QuantitiM*©?* the proper Officer of Excise, at leaf! eleven Gallons English Wine Measure, of Spirits of the Strength of one Spiritl for ccr-to ten over Hydrometer Proof that every Distiller in any Part or Place in Scotland shall, for every one tain Quantities hundred Gallons of Wash prepared from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits of Warn, or be for Coniomption in Scotland, found in his or her Custody, produce to the said Officer at least twenty-two c£ai5*?l.c for Gallons English Wine Measure, of such Spirits of the Strength aforesaid; that every Distiller in any Part ascertainRates* or Place in Scotland shall, for every one hundred Gallons of Wash prepared from any other Foreign Materials, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Consumption in Scotland, found in his or her Custody, produce to the said Officer at least twenty Gallons, English Wine Measure, of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid; and that every Distiller in the Highland District of Scotland shall, for every one hundred Gallons of Wash prepared from Barley, Bear, or Bigg of the Growth of the said Highlands, or any Mixture therewith, found in his or her Custody, produce to the said Officer at least fix Gallons English Wine Measure of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid; and that in every Case where the Spirits extracted by any such Distiller respectively, and produced to the proper Officer of Excise, and actually charged with the Duty by this Act imposed of Sixpence for every Gallon, shall fall short of the respective Proportions herein-before mentioned,

every such Distiller shall, and he or (lie is hereby made chargeable with and shall pay at and after the Rate of one Shilling and Sixpence for every Gallon of Spirits in which the Deficiency shall be d’lcovered shall have [ifticSfiritsJ been made or distilled from Malt, Corn, or British Materials; orthree Shillings and nine Pence, if the Spirits in which the Deficiency shall be difeoyered shall have been made or distilled from Melasses or Sugar; and of four Shillings and eight Pence, if the Spirits in which the Deficiency shall be discovered, shall have been made or distilled from other foreign Materials; and if Default shall be made in such Payment, the Distiller making such Default shall forfeit ten Shillings for every Gallon of such Spirits so deficient,

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said tenth Day of November one thousand' Distillers in the eight hundred, all and every Person whatsoever, who shall make or distil Low Wines or Spirits in the Low- Lowlands for lands of Scotland for Home Consumption, shall be, and he or she is hereby required to make monthly and every Month, upon Oath before the proper Supervisor or Surveyor of the District in which his or her Dif- monthly tillery is carried on, (and which Oath such Supervisor or Surveyor is hereby authorised and empowered upon Oath a from Time to Time to administer,) a true and particular Entry or Return in Writing, of the Quantigr 6f Return of the, Worts, Wash, or other Materials which he or she shall have distilled or made into Spirits, and of the Quan- Quantity of tity of Spirits which he or she shall have made or distilled, within such Month respectively and also of the ftjaij^ve^dif-true and exact Number of Times which he or she shall have actually charged and worked his or her Still or tijlc(jj on* Stills in each Day of twenty-four Hours, within such Month respectively, on Pain to forfeit for every Penalty of aoofc Neglect or Refusal to make monthly and every Month such true Entry or Return upon Oath, specifying the several Particulars aforesaid, the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Officers of Excise shall monthly and every Month make Officers shall

a Return to the Commissioners of Excise or such Person as they shall appoint, of all the Worts or Wash, make a month-

and of all the distilled Spirits taken account of by them, and charged with Duty; Which Return- shall be a

Charge upon the Brewer, Maker, or Distiller thereof respectively. - ! sioners of the

Worts and Spirits taken an Account of, which shall be a Charge tipon the Distiller,

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Brewer, Maker, or Distiller, ’ who shall not pajr* if Duty be not and clear off the Duty by this Act imnofed upon such Worts or Wash, and upon distilled Spirits, or either

of them respectively, within one Week after he or she shall have y made or ought to have made his or her Time for En-Entry thereof as aforesaid, he or she shall forfeit and lose double the Amount of the said Duty not so try, double the paid. r i - >v. 1 1 \ nd Amount shall be

’ paid.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That so much and such Parts of two Acts of Parliament, made in the thirty-eighth and thirty- ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, and which weye to qoqtimie.in* force until the tenth Day of November one thousand eight hundred, as* are not hertsi^ before, excels if altered, repealed, or changed, or are not repugnant thereto, shall be, and they are hereby, after*

the said tenth Day of November one thousand tight hundred, continued ij^full force and Effectw.,r, n »r - tided In ’fbfce (Hoii

XL. V And whereas it is expedient;

or Sugar at a reduced Rate of Duty/., t t

November one thou find eight hundred, until the first Day of July ,01 re thou fa p.d eight hundred

edient to ^Ifovy for :a limited Time the Djrtillation. o¥ Spirits. fro)!),

Duty/ be it therefore enacted, That# from and aft^r the, find te/ub P^y of* 4 hundred, until the first Day of July 01 re thou fap.d eight hundred and,

thVrefball hQ raised, levied collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs. apd pu/p^or St and pqi^ each and every Gallon English Wine Jvltfafure^ (and so in proportion for any less {puaqtity of Measurje,) uqy thp cubical Co'ntenjt or Capacity of each and every Still, (including the Heaq and every f^rt^thereof^ot 1 any Horn, Pipe/, Tube, or other Apparatus therewith conne^cd^’ m.idqp whatever Napj^ D^iomin^iqp

the same m^y be.called or fypowa, as bigfi as the Sjcepm can iifeend^apr) until the Top oft^ij Wfi^J

downwards aqdfprrri ap/\ng]c of forty-five Degrees,) vyhicKshall be used or* ^maipng, or diT-j'

tilli ng of LowTVipes or Spirits, far Consumption in Scotland from Melasses or $ugar/or any ^i^cture With/in Shy rtirt or ^iade ih Scotland, a Sum at and aft^r the yearly Rateyf three hundred and fixt^eri Pounds; any Thing in this Act or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any ways notwithstandiner. '* 1 r - 1 '. * ' *1

So much of 38 Geo. 3. c. and 39 Geo.

78. <as is not A hereby altered, 1 Ih.illbe ednti-t» Nov^iicv. iltQlli

From Nov. 10, 1800, to July 1, 1801, a Duty at the reduced Rate of 3161. per Ann. shall

sas&Et

Co"W/SliSj

land, 1^.5

ling ShiritS|f^tjf summon

withstanding

from

sugar,

39°

Such E^uty *haH he Held to be the Duty for 4050 Gallons of Spirits* per Ann. per Gallon Content, and, 3*. per Gallon to be paid for tho Exceft.

On Spirits delivered after Nov. 1 1 goo, on Contracts made before the Puties under this Act become chargeable, tfseir Amount may be added to the Price.

G. ;7Jy 74. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That* from and after the said tenth Day of November one thousand eight hundred* until the said first Day of July one thousand eight hundred and one, when the before mentioned Licence Duty, at and after the yearly Rate of three hundred and sixteen Pounds shall be paid for or upon each Gallon of the Content or Capacity of a Still in any Part or Place in Scotland such Duty shall be held to be the Licence Duty on the Spirits manufactured in such Still for and during one Year, from and, after the Day on which such Licence shall commence and take Effect at the Rate of tour thousand and fifty Gallons and oo more* English Wine Measure, of Spirits of the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof for each Gallon Content of such Still; and for every Gallon of Spirits at the Strength aforesaid, which during the said Period shall be, found to exceed the above mentioned Proportion, there shall be charged and paid on Demand by the Distiller who shall make or produce the same, the Sum of three Shillings over and above all other Duties, on Pain of forfeiting for every Neglect or Refusal to make such Payment the Sum of ten Shillings for each and every Gallon of such surplus Spirits.

XLII. And whereas Contracts may have been made for the Sale of British Spirits before the same Hull have been charged, or become chargeable with the Duties by this Act impeded be it therefore enacted, That in all Cases where any Spirits whereon the Duties by this Act imposed shall be charged, shall be alter the first Day of November one thousand eight hundred, delivered in pursuance of such Contracts or Sales, it shall be lawful for the Oilfillers, Rectifiers, or Compounders of such Spirits, delivering the same, to charge so much Money as shall be equivalent to the Duties by this Act imposed in respect thereof, in additioa to# the Price of such Spirits, and such Distiller, Redhfier, or Compounder, shall be entitled by virtue of this Act to demand and be paid the same accordingly.

Recovery and Application of Penalties

ti Car. a, c. shall extend to tfcw A t\.

Act dull not altecc* 21. of thifrSc&on.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture is or may befued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively 5 and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her, or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Directions, R*ules, Penalties, Forfeit-MCes, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of Bpn%Cha^ks the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries t and Tenures in captte, aryl by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu-thereof, or by any other Law now in force relating tp his Majesty's Revenue of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, are provided and established for managing, raffing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, adjudging, orafoe^uining the Dm ties thereby granted, or any of them, shall be practised and put in Execution in and for the managing, railing, levying, coltefting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the Duties here^ by granted as fully and efliftually as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, apd Things, w«Fe particularly repeated and re-enacted ir> this present Act.

XLV. And bw h further;eo^ftfd, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to repeal or alter an Act, or any Part thereof, made in the pieleut Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, until th,e first Day of February one thousand eight hundred and one, an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, to prohibit the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, or ether Sort of Grain, or from Meal, Fleur, or Bran, in that Part of Great Britain, called Scotland.

---

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for amending several Acts for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread.

[9th July 1800.]

[31 Geo. 2. c. 29. and subsequent Acts for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread, recited.]

---

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and by several aS fforrcPel!t Vy subsequent Acts, for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread, it is enacted, That the Assize and fating the Price 4 'Weight0f the several Sorts of Bread shall be set according to the Tables in the faiil Acts contained: And and Aftieof whereas fourteen Shillings and Sixpence is the highest Sum mentioned in the said Tables as the Price of a

Mmui, red utL 4 Bushel of Wheat, together with the Baker’s Allowance for baking the same; and Doubis may arise whether the Courts, or Person or Persons npw authorised by the said Acts tp set and afrerlajir, within their several Jurisdictions, the AiTizd anid Weight of all Sorts of Bread made for Sale or expoftd to Sale, may continue to, \, do the same when the Price of the Bushef of Wheat, together with the Baker’s Allowance for baking, shall

1 exceed the said Sum of fourteen Shillings and Sixpence May it therefore pleufe your Majesty that it may

enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty. by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-

ZJ*. ttltof rltr p^befany. That it shall and may be lawful for all Courts, and Person or Persons duly authorised, tet lead mar be 1 cohhn4Je so set ants ascertain, within their several Jurisdictions, the Assize and Weight of aft Sorts of Bread. Ott, whatever ! made for Sale or exposed to Sale, whatever the Price of the Bushel of Wheat shay be: Provided always, thr Price of, That infecting and alter t lining the time, such Courts, or Person or Persons respectively, duly, ohfcrv? the Wheat may be,; Proportions of the several 'Fables contained in the said Acts, according to the Uue intent and Meting of the Schedule to this Act annexed.

tiit recited ActU being observed according to the intent of the annexed Schedule.

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. t; - Cl 74.

II. And whereas by an Act made in the thirty.seventh YefiV of the Reign of his ^resent Majesty, rela- 37p"> 3* c*9?-

tive to the Assize and Making of Bread to be sold in the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and fecUed*

within the Weekly Bills of Mortality* artd within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, fourteen Shillings and

nine Pence Halfpenny is the highest Price mentioned in the Table contained in the said Act as the Price t)f

a Bushel of Wheat, and one hundred and ten Shillings as the highest Price of the Sack of Flour, together with the Baker’s Allowance for baking the same respectively. Be it therefore further efi&£ted, That it The Lord

shall be lawful for the Court of Mayor and AMermen of the City of London* on every Tuesday if the said Mayor and Al-

Churtthfcll then (it, and if such Court shall not then fir, for the Lord Mayor of the said, City for the jermenof Loo-

Time being, to continue to set and ascertain the Assize and Weight of all Sorts of Bread made for Sale, c

ofrtxfiofed to Sale, within the Limits of their Jurisdiction under the said Act, whatever the Price of the Weight of

Bushetuf Wheat or Sack of Flour may be; Provided always, That in setting and ascertaining the same. Bread, what-

filth Couft or Lord Mayfir duly observe the Prdporttbiis contained in the Tables in the said Act as near as eyCT tllc Pnceof —v r Wheat or Floup

C«n uC., maybe.

III. And be it further tnaded, That act and singular tht Penalties and FoWeitufes enacted ^tid/prescribed ^crc^uc*

by the said several Acts, against such Persons as shall sell any Bread deficient in Weight, or at higher Prices Bread deficient

than according to the Assize that shall be (et thereon, shall be in foil ForceIfod Ffied against all Pertbfis 'Who in Weight, or

shall ad Contrary to the Provisions of this Act, or of the Schedule hereunto annexed^ I,i§}ier the

Assize Pnce, to

extend to Persons acting contrary to this Act.

IV. And whereas it is expedient that all Magistrates, Justices of the Peace, Wardmote Inquests of the i* City of London, the Matter irtd Wardens of the Bakers Chfophhy, I3rthe fhajOf Pwt of&iift, tt,)tf<cfcher Persona authorised by any Act or Acts now in force relating to Bread, to search for, try, and Wfcfeh arty

Brfcadc should be authorised to search for, tty, fcftd Weigh &fiy ifr&tJ ttiaite tidr Safe, dt Tihfe^fter the

fanfie shall have been baked, and Whether the same shall have beenjejkposed'to Sale or-not: And Wbdreas it 4-is-expedient that the Period of twenty-four Hours now by Lawestablished, wkhin which any Magistrate,

4. Justice* Wardmote Inquest of the City of London, the Master and Wardens of the Bakers Company, and other Persons authorised as aforesaid, may weigh any Bread within the said City of London, or any 4-otlter City, Town Corporate, BdWigh, T^fty,b?Franchise, or the jurisdiction thereof, for the Purpose *-of ascertaining whether the same is wanting in the due Weight, should be extended to forty-eight Hours be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or for any Wardmote Inquest of the City of London, or the Matter or Wardens of the Bakers Company, or, the majpr Part of them, or other Person authorised as aforesaid, within their respective Jurisdictiorfs; tb W^gh*ahyvBibad made for Sale* (although the same shall not htfe been ftposed td Sale,) fort&fe Purpose of fifcertainingWfttfifcr thfc*fitmie iiwiortrtgih the Alue "Weight thereof* at any Time after the same shall have been baked, and within forty eight Houre after the Baking thereof, any Act ^'Acts to the contrary thereof 'ittftwitbffonding; aVid act Pbvdtfrt,- AQthom£$, aii}! Provisions relating to the entering into any fjoufe, Shop, Stall, Bakehouse, Warehouse, Outhouse, or other Place of or belonging to any Baker or Maket b^fir^d, or Seller of Bread, or to the trying or weighing any Loaves of Bread, and all Penalties pr Forfeitures now In forye, rrejating Jo Deficiency of Weight ia Btffc&d, (h*n bfe sind ate hereby declared so.be in full Force In relation to this Act, as for as the same are respedW^ly fpplicabte in the several and rerpedVve jurisdictions mentioned, in any Act or Acts relating to the Assize of Bread; in like Manner in every Respect as if such Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Penalties,

this Act,: Provided always, That every City of London, the Master and Wardens v* mv a wiiipaup auu t «.iivua auuiui i^tu as aiuituuu, mall, in weighing any such Bread for the Puf« pose of ascertaining whether the same is wanting in the due Weight thereof, have Regard to the Time When* such Bread was baked, and the Period that tas/etepfed between the baking and weighing thereof, and shall, on due Proof made by the Baker or Maker of Bread to whohl ally such Bread shall belong, of the Time of baking thereof, tnake such AHowhncfe for Lbfs in Weight, not exceedm^Be, Proportion of Allowttlces in the said last recited Act mentioned, as shall bejuft and reasonabke, so as to best ascertain that such Bread was originally made and baked of thVdue Weight Ve^uirecf By Law.

Magistrates,

&c. may weigh Bread made for Sale at any Time within 48 Hours after it has been baked^ for ascertaining whether it be deficient in Weight, &c.

f St e 39 anti 40 Geo. 1. if.

W

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers t

..The Courts* Person or Persons, authorised to set the Assize of Brtad, are td observe* that the respective i>. >Veights of the several atEzed Loaves Will decrease in the tank Proportion as the Price of the Buthel of h Wheat* together with the Allofeaodefeff baking die‘fame* increases; and that such Weights maybede- 4«cedfrom the present Tables; i as in the fbllPvrtng Examples: '

Exartiple I. Required the Weight biftbe.Tii'blveibcrini/WBeiteh Ldiif. <fheh tWi Pfiib tf'th'e'te'ufHel of Wheat aed Baking is fifteen ShiHifigS1: - 1 <-, ‘ vr.r ’>

1 - 7- 'fate: fats.

The Pride in the Tibtetif $taf. jl Gee1.'II; C. ib. opposite to is'.is 8

But the Price dfthe BUtoel'Shd tfaking btein^ha^ tsticeas tfh^ JtibdP‘7

’ k«ibe oidy Half utfuft it thetfi^ats* and thefetote Will be i

39*

t

After Sept, t, igoo, if any Person ftnl! purt down or fill up any Airway, See. or damage any Read leading to or from any Mine, or, not having a Right, flull dig any Mineral lying In any Watte, ice.

0

C. 74 - 77. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Example II. Required the Weight of the Twelve-penny Wheaten Loaf, when the Priccof:a BuQiel of Wheat and Baking is sixteen Shillings and three Pence,

When the given Sum has an odd Three-pence, its precise Half cannot be found in the Tables $ (in which Case proceed thus—-Find as in the preceding Example:

, A oz. dwtu

The Weight, when the Price of the Bushel and Baking is sixteen Shillings - 213 .12

And also the Weight, when the Price of the Bushel and Baking is sixteen Shillings and,

Sixpence -, - 2 1114

Trf—‘

5 9

One Half the Weight, at 16l. 3 d. is - 2 12 13

For the Prices of the Peck Loaf and its Subdivisions, observe that the Price increases in the same Proportion as the Price of the Bushel of Wheat, together with the Allowance for Bakings f

Example III. Required the Price of the Peck Loaf, Wheaten Bread, when the Price of the Bushel and Baking is sixteen Shillings: ' £. s. L

The Price of such Loaf by the Table, when the Bushel and Baking is eight Shillings - o 3 ol Therefore at sixteen Shillings it mutt be double, or - 061

Example IV. Required the Price of the Peck Loaf, when the Bushel and Baking is sixteen ShiHingsand three Pence: £ s. L

The Price of the Peck Loaf, when the Bushel and Baking is sixteen Shillings - o 6 1 Do* - Do. - is 16s* 6d. - i- 064

One Half, or Price, at 16 r. 3 rf.

0 12 5

0 6 2}

---

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace.

[9th July 1800.]

[See 36 Geo. 3. c. 116. and 39 Geo. 3. c. 103. Act to continue till March 25, 1801.]

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms.

[9th July 1800.]

"Suits for having issued Orders for Exportation or Importation of Provisions, &c. from or to Islands in the West Indies in foreign Bottoms, since the Date of the preceding Act of Indemnity, 39 Geo. III. Cap. 57. (13th June 1799,) made void, &c."

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act for the Security of Collieries and Mines, and for the better Regulation of Colliery and Miners.

[9th July 1800.]

'WHEREAS from the Situation of the Veins and Mines of Coal and Iron Stone in many Parts of this Kingdom, the same are greatly exposed to the Depreciations of wicked and evil-disposed Persons, and the Laws now in being are inadequate to the Protection thereof:' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[After Sept. 1, 1800, if any

That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time after the first Day of September one thousand eight hundred, wilfully and maliciously pull doWn, fill up, or begm of attempt to pull down or fill up any Airway, Waterway, Drain, Pit, Level, or Shaft, or damage or destroy any Rail Way, Tram Road, or other Road leading to or from* or intended to lead to or from any Coal Or other Mine Work, or if any Person or Persons (not having or bofiajide claiming a Right to possess or work the same respectively) shall, from and after the Time above mentioned, wilfully and unlawfully cut, dig, raise, take, or carry away any Coal, Culm, or other Mineral, frfem any Bed, Bapd, Vein, or Mine, lying apd b^igg ip any Waste, Open, or Uninclosed Lands, or shall wilfully and unlawfully enter into any Level, Pit, or'Shaft, with an Intent to dig, cut, raise, take, or carry away therefrom any Coal, Culm, or other Mineral, dr shall aid, abet, assist, hire, or command any Person or Persons ta commit any such Offence or Offences as frfore-faldC that then and in every such Case all and every such Person or £^r(pns shall be deemed and adjudged to

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 77. 393

be guilty of a Misdemeanour; and the Court or Judge before whom any such Person or Persons shall be tried fo"1'1 - and convicted, shall have Power ~ A A"

Term not exceeding six Months.

and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be imprisoned for any

of a Misdemeanour, and may be imprisoned six Months.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be not to ex-construed to extend, to any Trespass or Damage which shall be done or committed underground, by any d at0/dn0yne

Owner or Owners of any adjoining Coal or other Mine, in working the same, or by any Person or Persons

Ground

duly authorised, and employed in such Working as aforesaid. by Owners of

adjoining Mines in working the same.

III. And whereas it often happens that Colliers and Miners, disregarding their Agreements, wilfully and

obstinately work Coal and Iron Stone in a different Manner to what they stipulated, or otherwise abandon the Agreement they have entered into, to the great and lading Prejudice of their Employers \ be it therefore further enacted, That if any Person or Persons making any Bargain, or entering into any Contract or Agreement in Writing, for raising or getting any Coal, Culm, Iron Stone, or Iron Ore, shall wilfully, and to the Prejudice of the Owner, raise, get, or work, or cause to be raised, got, or worked, any such Coal, Culm, Iron Stone, or Iron Ore, in a different Manner to his or their Stipulations in respect thereto, and contrary to the Directions, and against the Will of the Owner, or his Agent or Agents having the Care theret f, or shall desist or refuse to fulfil the Engagements they have entered into, every Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted, either by the Confession of the Party offending, or Upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County wherein such Offence shall have been committed, shall, for every such Offence, on Complaint of the Owner or Owners, or his or their Agent or Agents, and not otherwise, forfeit and pay such Sum of Money, not exceeding Forty Shillings, as to such Justice or Justices shall seem meet, together with the Charges previous to and attending such Conviction, to be ascertained by such Justice or Justices who shall convict the Offender or Offenders; and upon Nonpayment thereof, such Justice or Justices shall commit the Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol of the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding six Months, or until the Penalty and Charges shall be paid; and upon such Conviction, every such Bargain, Contract, or Agreement shall become void.

IV. And whereas the Owners and Lessees of Coal, Iron Stone, or Iron Ore, contracting to get the same raised by Weight, are often under the Necessity of advancing Money to the Colliers and Miners upon the Measure thereof in Heaps, at or near the Colliery or Mine Work, before the same can be carried to be weighed, and great Frauds are practised in the walling and (lacking of such Coal, Iron Stone, and Iron Ore, by which the Colliers and Miners obtain Money beyond what they earn, or are able to repay, and Miners often defraud each other by conveying away Iron Stone from one Heap into another be it therefore enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wall or (lack, or cause to be walled or (backed, any Coal, Iron Stone, or Iron Ore, in any false or fraudulent Manner, with an Intent to deceive his or their Employer or Employers, or if any Person or Persons shall take and remove any Iron Stone or Iron Ore with Intent to defraud the Person or Persons who shall have raised the same, and shall be thereof convicted, either by the Confession of the Party offending, or upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, "before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County wherein such Offence shall have been committed, rt shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices to commit any such Person to the House of Correction or Common Gaol for the same County, for any Time not exceeding three Months*

If any Collier or Miner shall work any Coal, Sec different to his Agreement, or contrary to the Directions of the Owner, or shall refuse to fulfil his Engagements, he shall on Conviction before one Justice forfeit not exceeding^ 40 s. and for Nonpayment may be imprisoned.

If any Collier or Miner, &c. shall stack any Coal, &c. in a fraudulent Manner, to defraud his Employer, or shall remove any Iron Stone to defraud his fellow Workmen, &c. he may be imprisoned, not exceeding three Months.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall steal or take away any Coal, Culm, or Coak* Wood, Iron, Ropes, or Leather, not exceeding the Value of five Shillings, from any Bank, Yard, Wharf, or other Place, belonging to any Manufacturer or Coal Dealer, or off or out of any Boat, Barge, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, or shall wilfully break, destroy, or damage any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, used for carrying Coal, Culm, Coak, Iron, or Iron Stone, or shall steal, break, destroy, damage, or embezzle any Tools or Implements used for catting or getting Coal, Culm, or other Minerals, not exceeding the Value above mentioned, and shall, on Complaint of the Owner or his Agent, be thereof convicted, either by the Confession of the Party offending, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County where the Offence shall be committed, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted as aforesaid, shall, for the first Offence, forfeit and pay such Sum of Money, not exceeding ten Shillings, as to such Justice or Justices shall seem meet, over and above the Charges previous to and attending such Conviction, to be ascertained by such Justice or Justices who shall convu:t the Offender, and upon Nonpayment thereof such Justice or Justices shall commit the Offender to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for one lonth, or until the Penalty and Charges shall be paid; and if any Person so convicted shall be guilty of the like Offence a second Time, and shall be thereof convicted in like Manner, such Person shall forfeit and pay such Sum of Money, not exceeding twenty Shillings, as to such Justice or Justices shall seem 9meet, over and above the Charges previous to and attending such Conviction, to be ascertained by such Justice or Justices who shall convidf the Offender, and upon Nonpayment thereof, such Justice or Justices shall commit the Offender to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for three Months, or until the Penalty and Charges shall be paid; and if any Person so convicted shall be guilty of the like Offence a third Time, or oftener, and shall be thereof convicted in like Manner, such Person shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, such bum of Money, not exceeding forty Sniffings, as to such 39 &40 Geo. III. 3 E N Justice

If any Person shall steal any Coal, or Materials. See* not more than 5 a. Value, from any Place belonging to any Manufacturer or Coal Dealer, or out of any Boat, &c. or shall damage any Carriage used for carrying Coals, &c» or steal or damage any Tools used for cutting Coal, &c. not exceeding 5s. Value, he shall be liable to certain Penalties, viz. not exceeding 10 s. or one Month’s Imprisonment for tte

'39+

Aril Offeree* ao I. or three Months for the iecond j 40 s. or six Months for the third,&c.

Application of Forfeitures.

Evidence of Inhabitants of the Place where the Offence is committed shall

Con visions shall be drawn up in the following

Ftrm*

Projection! mu ft be begun within nine Months.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the 'Quarter Sessione (except on Orders of Com-jnitment.)

Proceedings not

to be quashed <oir Want of Form, or rc-moveableinto

any Court of Record,

C. 77, 78. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Justice or Justices shall seem meet, over and above the Charges previous to and attending such Convictioiu to be ascertained by such Justice or Justices who shall convict the Offender, and upon Nonpayment thereof, such Justice or Justices mall commit the Offender to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for six Months, or until the Penalty and Charges shall be paid: Provided always, That no Person who shall be convicted of any Offence under this Act, shall be liable to be prosecuted for the same Offence under any other Law.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Forfeitures to be paid in pursuance of this Act shall be distributed between the Informer and the Overseer or Overseers of the Parish or Place where the Offence shall be committed, for the Use of the Poor of such Parish or Place, in such Proportion as the Justice or Justices before whom the Offenders shall be convicted shall think fit.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in all Informations and other Proceedings for any of the last*raen* tioned Offences, the Evidence of the Inhabitants of the Parish or Place where the Offence shall be committed, shall be taken and allowed any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

be'good.

VIII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall becon-vidled of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Words, or in any Form of Words to the same Effect, as the Case shall happen (videlicetJ

TOE it remembered. That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord A.B.

having been brought before me [or, having been duly summoned, and not having appeared, as the Case may happen] is on his own Confession [or, on due Proof, whichever may be the Case] convicted before 4 me, C.D. one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of for that he the said

4 A.B. on the Day of at in the said County of did [here fie-

cify the Offence according to the Fafl, and following the Words of the Act, and whether the same is the first,

or what other Offence] against the Form of the Statute in that Case made; and I do adjudge him to for- feit and pay for the said Offence the Sum of and also the further Sum of for the Charges of this Conviction. Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year first aforesaid.’

IX. Provided always, That no Person shall be prosecuted for any Offence against this Act, unless Rich Prosecution be began within nine Calendar Months after the Offence committed*

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons thinking himself or themselves aggrieved by any Order or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace in pursuance of this Act, save and except any Order of Commitment, may, within three Calendar Months after such Order or Determination shall be made, complain to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter Sessions to be held in and for the County or Place where the Cause of Appeal shall arise, who shall either hear and determine such Complaint at such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or if they think propet* may adjourn the hearing thereof to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held fer the said County or Place, "and if they fee Cause, may quaff) any Conviction, or mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may award Costs to either Party, or order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of any such Order or Determination, and (halLand may also award such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge reasonable; but no Proceedings to be had and taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere* any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

---

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act to discharge from a disputed and dormant Claim of the Publick, several Estates belonging to the Right Honourable William Carr Earl of Errol, Lord High Constable of Scotland.

[9th July 1800.]

---

" 1 Geo. 1. St. 2. c. 32. (by which James Earl of Linlithgow, great Grand-father of the yyrefent Earl of Errol was attainted ;) and Geo. 1. c. B. for ve(ling the forfeited Estates in Trustees, recited. So much 41 of Geo. 1. c. 8. repealed as relates to the Estate of Mumrals % 1. The Earl of Errol d scharged from Payment of a Sum of 4901l. 5 s. 4 d* and I nterest, charged on the said Estate. §2. Publick Act*

---

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 79. 395

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the British Territories in India, and the better Administration of Justice within the same.

[28th July 1800.]

'WHEREAS the Territorial Possessions of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, in the Peninsula of India, have become so much extended as to require further Regulations to be made for the due Government of the same: And whereas by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

[33 Geo. 3. c. 52. [§24.] recited.]

---

intituled, An Act for continuing in the East India Company, for a further Term, the FoJJijfiin of the British Territories in India,'

? together with. their exclusive Trade, under certain Limitations \ for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the bettor Administration of justice within the same \Jor appropri- Citing to certain Uses the Revenues and Profits of the said Company; and for making Provision for the good Order and Government of the Towns of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay; it is enacted, That the whole Civil and Military Government of the Presidency of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, and the Ordering, Management, and Government of all the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues on the said Coast, and also so much and such Parts of the Territories and Possessions on the Coast of Orijja,

with the Revenues of the same, as had been and then were under the Administration of the Government of the Presidency of Fort Saint G<r0r^, fhoydd be and were thereby vetted in a Governor and three Counsellors of and for the said Presidency of Fort Saint George, subject to such Rules, Regulations, and strictions, as were therein mentioned; and that the Whole Civil and Military Government of the Presidency and Island of Bombay, on the Coast of Malabar, and the Ordering, Management, and Government, of all the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues oti the said Coast of Malabar, should be and were thereby vested in a Governor and three Counsellors of and for the said Presidency and island of Bombay subject to the Provision therein mentioned :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the.

fame, That^ from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Court of Directors Dircaorsrraay of the said Company for the Time being, to declare and appoint what Part or Parts of the said Terri- *ppoint what tonal Acquisitions, or of any other now subject to the Government of the said Presidency of Fort oaint Parts of the George, or the said Presidency of Bombay, together with the Revenues arising therefrom, and the Efta- Territorial Ac* blishment of Civil Servants connected therewith respectively, shall from thenceforth hereafter be subject to quisitions, Re-the Government of either and which of the said rrefidencies, or of the Presidency of Fort William in beVubie# Bengal\ and from Time to Time, as Occasion may require, to revoke or alter in the Whole or in Part such to either, and Appointment, and to make such new Distribution of the same as to them shall seem fit and expedient, sub- which of their jed nevertheless, in alt cases, to the Superintendance, Direction, and Controul of the Commissioners for Presidencies, the Affairs of India, in like Manner as any Acts or Orders of the said Court of Directors ate now by Law £ bJcd* th* subject; and all such Territorial Acquisitions, and the Revenues arising therefrom, and the Establishment commimoners of Civil Servants connected therewith, shall, from and after the Time, and subject as to such Time* to for the Affair* the Conditions and Limitations, to be by the said Court of Directors limited and appointed for such Pur- of India, poles respectively, be to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever annexed to and rtlade subject to such Presidency and to the Court or Courts of Judicature established or to be established therein respectively.

II. And whereas his late Majesty King George the Second did, by his Letters Patent, bearing Date Lf^ers at Westminster the eighth Day of January in the twenty-first Year of his Reign, grant unto the said ^ie g^h of J«\!

United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, his Royal Charter, thereby in the 21ft of

I amongst other Things constituting and establishing Courts of Civil, Criminal, and Ecclesiastical Juril- hit Reign.

didton at the United Company's respective Settlements at Madras-Patnam, Bombay, or the Island of Bombay, and Fort William in Bengal: And whereas the said Charter, in so far as it respects the Administration of Justice at Madras^ has been altered and changed, by virtue of an Act passed in the thirty seventh Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Administration of Justice at Calcutta, 37 Geo. t\

Madras, and Bombay; and for preventing British Subjects from being concerned in Loans to the Native c. 14*. recited.

Princes in India: And whereas the said Charter, so far as it respects the Administracion of Justice at Fort William in Bengal, has also been altered and changed, by virtue of an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of 13 Geo. j. c. 6J.

the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe, and by divers subsequent Statutes:

And whereas it may be expedient, for the better Administracion of Justice in the said Settlement of Madras, that a Supreme Court of Judicature should be established at Madras, in the same Form, and with the same Powers and Authorities, as that now fu lib fling, by virtue of the several Acts before-mentioned,

at fort William 'wi Bengal;* Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Charter or Letteis Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to erect ror.y eiiabhm a and establish a Supreme Court of Judicature at Madras aforesaid, to conlift of such and the like Number ^'ludTcatur^at of Perlbhs, to be named from Time to Time by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with full Power Madras, to con. to extreife such Civil, Criminal, Admiralty, and Ecclesiastical Jurisdictions, both as to Natives and Bri- fiitof the like iish Subjects, and to be invested with such Powers and Authorities, Privileges and Immunities, for the bet- Number oi Per-‘ ter Administracion of the same, and subject to the same Limitations, Restrictions. and Controul within the [°ns\ *c-

3 e r«d

96 C. 79.' Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Coart at Fort said Fort Saint George and Town of Madras, and the Limits thereof, and the Factories Subordinate thereto, William in Ben- and within the Territories which now are or hereafter may he subject to or dependant upon the said Go-

S*1* vemment of Madras, as the said Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, by virtue of any

Law now in force and unrepealed, or by this present Adf, doth consist of, is inverted with, or subject to,

within the said Fort William, or the Kingdoms or Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa.

Governor and

III. Provided always, That the Governor and Council at Madras, and the Governor General of Council at Ma- port Jf/'Hliam aforesaid, shall enjoy the fa ne Exemption, and no other, from the Authority of the said from th^Aii- Supreme Court of Judicature to be there erected. as is enjoyed by the said Governor General and

uthority of the Council at Fort William aforesaid, from the Jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of Judicature there already

Court to be by Law established.

v there erected;

in the same Manner as the Governor General and Connell at Fort William.

[See 13 Geo. 3. c. 63. $ 17.]

If his Majesty

IV. And be it further enacted, That if his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall grant such Charter shall ere<^a as aforesaid, and erect such Supreme Court of Judicature at Madras as aforesaid, all the Records, Muni-at1 Madras ^he ments, and Proceedings whatsoever, of and belonging to the late Vlayor’s Court at Madras, or to the late Records dWdt- Court of Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery, which were, by the said Act passed in the thirty-seventh cdby 37 Geo. 3. Year of his present Majesty, directed to be delivered over, preserved, and deposited in the new Courts c. 14a. erected by virtue of the said Act; and all the Records, Muniments, and Proceedings whatsoever, of and

verw^over to belonging to any of the said new Courts, (lull, from and immediately after such Supreme Court of Judi-the new Courts cature as his Majesty is hereby empowered to eredh shall be established at Madras, be delivered over to be erected under preserved and deposited for safe Custody in the said new Court of Judicature; to which all Parties con-that act, and cerned shall and may have Resort and Recourse upon Application to the said Court.

those belonging

thereto, shall be delivered over to the Supreme Court.

So much of the V. And be it further enacted, That so much of the Charter granted by his present Majesty, for fcrefling the Courts of the Recorder of Madras znd Bombay, as relates to the Appointment of such Recorder, and the ereihng the erecting of such Courts of Judicature at Madras, in case a new Charter shall be granted by his Majesty, Courts of the his Heirs or Successors, and shall be openly published at Madras, from and immediately after such Publi-

Recorder of cation, shall cease and determine and be absolutely void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all

Madras, as re- Powers and Authorities granted by the said Act of the thirty seventh of his present Majesty to the said

pofntment^of a" Courts of the Recorder at Madras, shall cease and determine, and be-no longer exercised by the said Court,

Recorder, &c but the same shall and may be exercised by the Supreme Court of Judicature to be erected by virtue of this

shall be void on Ad, in the Manner and to the Extent herein-before directed. 9

the granting and

publishing the new Charter, and the Powers granted by 37 Geo. 3. c. 142. may be exercised by the Supreme Court.

The Court of

VI. And be it further enacted, That when the said Supreme Court of Judicature which his Majesty is ouse*to belaid hereby empowered to erect, shall be erected, the Court of Directors of the said United Company shall, and certain Salaries they are hereby required to, direct and cause to be paid certain and established Salaries to the Chief Justice, viz. 6:001. to and each of the Judges of such Supreme Court of judicature at Madras, as shall be by the said new Charge Chief Juf- ter established; that is to say, to the Chief Justice six thousand Pounds by the Year and to each of the i.ee and 50001. Judges at the said Supreme Court of Judicature at Madras five thousand Pounds by the Year and that judges of the *uch Salaries shall be paid and payable to each and every of them respectively out of the territorial Re-supreme Court venues of the said Settlement of Madras, at an Exchange of eight Shillings for the Pagoda of that Setde*

when efta- ment.

Hished by the

new Charter, out of the territorial Revenues of Madras.

When Salaries shall commence, which shall be in lieu of a 1 Percjui-Atea.

If the Clues Justice, or any of the Puisne Judges, shall return co Europe, his Ma-jtlty may di-< reeled Allow--antes to be made to them ut of the Revenue of the British Ttrri-tojTtts in India,

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Salaries shall commence and take place in respect of such Persons who shall be resident in Great Britain at the Time of their Appointment, upon and from the Day on which such Person shall embark from Great Britain, and that the Salaries of ;di such Persons who shall at the Time of their Appointment be resident in India, shall commence and take place from and after their respectively taking upon them the Execution of their Office as aforesaid; and that all such Salaries shall be in lieu of all Fees of Office, jferquifites, Emoluments, and Advantages whatsoever, and that no Fees of Office, Perquisites, Emoluments, or Advantages whatsoever shall be accepted, received, or taken in any Manner, or on any Account or Pretence whatsoever, other than such Salaries and Allowances as are in and by this Act directed to be paid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Chief Justice, or any or either of the Puisne Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature to be erected at Madras by virtue of this Adf, shall return to Europe, from Age, Infirmity, or other Cause to be approved of by his Majesty, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by Warrant under the Sign Manual, to direct and authorize an Allowance to be made out, of the Revenues of the British Territories in India, to such Chief Justice or Judge (o returning: Provided always, That it shall not be lawful for his Majesty to direct any larger Allowance to be made to such Chief Justice than the Sum of one thousand six hundred Pounds Sterling, nor to any of the said Puisne Judges so returning, than the Sum of one thousand two hundred Pounds Sterling per Annum; npr shall it be lawful for his Majesty to direct any Allowance to be made to any Person who has not resided in I Mi a for seven Years, either as Chief Justice or one of the Puisne Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature of Fort William, or of the Supreme Court of Judicature to be erected as aforesaid at Madras? nor to authorize the Payment of

10 any

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 79. 397

in Court.

IX. Provided always, and be it hereby, further enacted, That when either of the Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William* or of the Supreme Court of Judicature which his Majesty is hereby empowered to ered at Madras* or the Recorder of Bombay, shall respectively leave India, the Salary now payable, or which may become payable under and by virtue of this Act, to any such Judge or Recorder respectively, shall cease and be no longer paid; any Thing herein or in any former Act or Acts Contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Office of Recorder of Bombay shall become vacant, and no Person shall be upon the Spot who shall have been appointed by his Majesty to (iicceed to such Recordership, *in such Case, and as soon as the same shall be made known to the Supreme Court of Judicature which his Majesty is hereby empowered to ered at Madras* the junior Puisne Judge of the said Court shall, and he is hereby directed and authorised to proceed with all convenient Speed to the said Settlement of Bombay, and shall take upon himself the Office of Recorder of the said Settlement, and shall hold and exercise the same in as full and ample a Manner, and with the like Allowances and Exemptions, as if he had been appointed Recorder of the said Settlement by his Majesty, or provisionally by virtue of the Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and shall continue to hold and exercise the said Office until a Recorder shall have been appointed by his Majesty, and until such Recorder shall arrive at the said Settlement and no longer: Provided always, That if at the Time of the Notification of such Vacancy, the Establishment of the said Supreme Court at Madras shall not be full, and the Establishment of the Supreme Court at Fort William shall be full, then and in such Case only, the junior Puisne Judge of the said Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William, as soon as the Vacancy in the said Office of Recorder is made known to the said Supreme Court, shall in like Manner proceed to take upon himself the said Office of Recorder at Bombay, and shall continue to hold and exercise the same in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as is herein-before provided; any Thing in the said Act, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Governor and Council at

Fort Saint George aforesaid, to frame Regulations from Time to Time for the Provincial Courts and Councils within the Territories and Provinces which now are, or shall at any Time hereafter be (and while the same shall so be) annexed to or made subject to the said Presidency, in like Manner, and subject to all the Regulations, Provisions, and Confirmations touching the lame, as the Governor General and Council at Fort William aforesaid are, by any Act now in force, authorised and empowered to do, for the better Ad-roinistration of Justice among the native Inhabitants and others being within the Provinces of Bengal* Bahar, and Orijfa.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if the Governor General of Fort William in Bengal for the Time being, or the Governor of the said Presidency of Fort Saint George, and of the said Presidency and Island of Bombay respectively for the Time being, shall happen to be absent from any Council to be assembled for the said respective Presidencies of Fort William and Fort Saint George, and the said Presidency and Ifl ind of Bombay* owing to Indisposition or any other Cause whatsoever, and shall signify such his intended Absence to such Council so to be assembled, then and in every such Case the senior Member for the Time being who shall be present at the Council so assembled, shall preside at such Council, in such Manner, and with such full Towers and Authorities, during the Time that such Council shall continue to be assembled, as such Governor General or Governor might or would have had in case such Governor General or Governor were himself actually present at such Council: Provided nevertheless, That no Act of any Council so held shall be valid to any Effect whatsoever, unless the same shall be signed by such Governor General or Governor respectively, if such Governor General or Governor shall at the Time be resident at the Presidency at which such Council shall be so assembled, and shall not be prevented by such Indisposition from signing the lame: Provided always, That in case such Governor General or Governor, not being so prevented as aforesaid, shall decline or refule to sign such Act of Council, he and the several Members of the Council who shall have signed the same, shall mutually exchange with and communicate in Wining to each other the Grounds and Reasons 1 f their respective Opinions, in like Manner, and subject to such Regulations and ultimate Responsibility of Inch Governor General or Governor respectively, as are by the Cud Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, provided and directed in Cases where such Governor General 01 Governor respectively shall, when present, diflint from any Measure proposed or agitated in such Council respectively: Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall be taken of con ft rued to prevent such Governor General, in case he shall be absent from his own Government of

Bengal* to nominate a Vice, President and Deputy Governor of Fort William, according to the Provision for that Purpose in the said Act passed in the thirty-third Year of his present Majesty*.

who shall have signed, shall mutually communicate the Grounds of their Opinions *s directed by 3 3 Geo. 3. c. 52.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons shall have been convicted at any rer;or.?con-Session of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, or any Sdlign of the Peace winch shall have been holders ci

If the Governor General of Fort William, or the Governor of Fort Saint George, or of Bombay, shall signify nis intends; I Absence < from the Council, the Amo-Member present. shall prrfide; hut no Act of such Council (h .11 be valid, unless signed by tlu. Governor j General, ur Governor respect, rively, if rcli-du.cac the Pre-f.dency, and* not' pitNCnted* by J indisposition;

and it not so prevented, and' l:f shall ;fUi> to fj/n, lie, and the Men, her*

47-J S3 J Per for.?

398 C. 79. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

wlTic' ^y f >r any of the said Presidencies or Settlements of Fort William and Fort Spirit George, and the said Presidency

wouH iun-e or f fi-and of Bombay, of the Crime of Perjury, or of Grand or Petit Larceny, or of any other Offence for

tbcTlI^v^oi^ whi:h such Pc*rfon or Per ions would, before the passing of this Act, have been liable by the Laws of this

this Realm, Realm to be transported, it shall and may be lawful for the Court before which any such Person or Persons

before i.cpjf- Trail be so convicted as aforesaid, or any subsequent Court holden at any of the Presidencies above men-ftnjof this Act, tinned respectively, with like Authority, to order and adjudge that such Person or Persons so convicted as to be cranijort- aforesaid, shall be transported to the Eastern Coast of New South Wales, or some one or other of the blends trlnl^ortori to adjacent, or elsewhere, and for such Term of Years as the said Court (hill direct \ and where any Person

Kew^so.r'ii or Persons shall hercafrer be convicted of any Crimes whatsoever, for which he, she, or they h, are, or

Wales, Arc and shall be by the Laws of this Realm, as extending to the British Dominions in India* excluded from the Perfom who Benefit of Clergy, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Court respectively, as they shall see fit, in-jluill l>ci-e at?r (foaj of awarding Sentence of Execution against such Offender or Offenders, to order such Offender or

any CoimcT ° Offenders to be m like Manner transported, eiiher for Life, or for such Number of Yea;s as such Court

ixdmiii.g them Hull award and order; and the Governor and Council of such Presidency respectively shall, and they are

lien B*Petit hereby required to take Order for the due Performance ot all such Sentences of Tfanfportatron accord-

ot' Clergy way, ingly: Provided always, That it shall not be lawful for any such Court to order the Transportation of 3ny except <'*bccing ^erlon or Persons, being Natives of India and not born of European Parents, to the Eastern Coast of New crHcu^iu he South Wales, or any of the Islands adjacent thereto, trailericd kr Life, &c.- Natives of India not born of European Parents may not be transport^ch

No Offence shall

XIV. Provided nevertheless, That no Offence whatsoever shall be liable to be punished by such Sen-

Tra rf'ort«ion *ence Transportation as aforesaid, (except in case the same shall be substituted as aforesaid in the Place

(e?cept°rubfu' of capital Punishment,) unless such Offence shall have been committed three Months after this Ach and

tuted jfor capital all the Clauses and Provisions therein contained shall have been openly published in the said Presidencies of Punishment) Fort William. Fort Saint George, and Bombay respectively; any Thing herein contained to the contrary tld^thrce0^1^1* ^ereQ^ *n any wise notwithstanding./

Months a/tcr this Act shall have been published at Fort William, &c.

Persons return-

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Offender so ordered by any such Court to be transported ing from 'I ranf- for any Term of Life or Years, or other Time or Times as aforesaid, shall return inro any of the said Ter*

the^rritoriet ritories or Acquisitions of the said United Company, or shall come into any Part of Great Britain or Ire~

of the Com- land, before the End of his or her said Term, he or she so returning as aforesaid shall be liable to be p«-

pany, &c. punished as a Person attainted of Felony, without the Benefit of Clergy and Execution may and shall be

niihable awarded against such Offender accordingly.

Felons without Benefit of Clergy.

His Majesty may extend his Mercy to Offenders.

The Governor General and Council ot Fort William, and the Governor and Council of Fort Saint George, may order in what Manner the Courts of Requtrts shall in future be formed, and to what Amount (not exceeding 400 Sicca Ru-pwc») the Jurisdiction fh i.l extend, &c.

The Governor General and Councils Fort William may Order Corporal Punishment for Brcac 101 Rules, Blade under Authority of 13 Geo. 3.

XVI. Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall be construed or taken to prevent his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from extending his or their Royal Mercy to any such Offender or Offenders, and from allowing of the Return of any such Offender or Offenders from such Place of Trans* portation.

XVII. And whereas great Inconveniencies have resulted from the Mariner in which the Courts of Re- quests for the Recovery of Small Debts in the respective Settlements of Fort William and Fott Saint 4 George are constitutedbe it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Governor General and Council of Fort I Villi am, and for the Governor and Council of Fort Saint George aforesaid for the Time being respectively, to order and appoint in what Manner the said Courts respectively shall in future be formed, and to what Amount in Value* not exceeding the Sum of four hundred Sicca Rupees* the Jurisdiction of the same shall extend, and to frame and make such new Rules and Orders and to efta* blish and declare such new. Modes and Forms of Proceeding, as to them shall appear to be necessary and expedient for new-modelling, altering, and reforming the present Constitution and Practice of the said Courts respectively, and by their Proclamation, to be made and published in due Form of Law1, to declare, and notify to all Persons concerned, such new Constitution, Rules, Orders, Modes, and Forms of Proceeding, and the Time from whence they are to have Force and Effect and from and after such Time as shall be so respectively notified for that Purpose, the prefertt Courts of Requests, as well as the Rules, Orders, Modes, and Forms of Proceeding which are now used and observed therein, shall be abolished and cease, and thenceforth the new Court, Rules, Orders, Modes, and Forms of Proceeding which the said Governor General and Council are authorised and empowered, under and by virtue of this Act, to make and publish, shall be in full Force and Effect; any former Act or Acts to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And whereas the Powers given by the Act of the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty to the Governor General and Council of the said United Company’s Settlement ar Fort William aforesaid, to enforce the Observance of such Rules, Ordinances, or Regulations, for the good Order and Civil Government of the said Settlement, and other Factories and Places subordinate to or to be subordinate thereto, as they are thereby authorised to make, by setting, imposing, and levying reasonable Fines and Forfeitures for the Breach or Non-observance of such Rules, Ordinances, and Regulations, have nor been found sufficient for the Preservation of good Order in the said Settlement be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governor General and Council for the Time being, in adJi* jtion to, or instead of such Fines and Forfeitures as above mentioned, to order or appoint such mode* rate and reasonable Corporal Punishment, by publick or puvate Whipping, or otherwise, as to them shall

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 79. 399

seem fit and expedient, for the Breach or Non-observance of any such Rules heretofore made or hereafter to be by them made, by virtue of the Authority herein-before recited; subject nevertheless to such Registry, Publication, Approbation, Power of Appeal, and other Regulations, as in and by the said recited Act, passed in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty, are prescribed and provided touching the Rules, Ordinances, Regulations, Fines, and Forfeitures therein and herein-before mentioned.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Corporal Punishment shall in any Case be ordered to be inflicted, except only in case of due Conviction of the Offender before two Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said Settlement, Presidencies, and Places thereto subordinate, which Offence such two Justices of the Peace are hereby authorised and empowered to hear and determine, and to order such Punishment upon Conviction as aforesaid: Provided also, That no such Conviction, Judgment, or Order, shall be reviewed or brought into any superior Court by Writ of Certiorari or Appeal, or any other Process whatsoever 5 any Thing in any former Act or Acts to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XX. And whereas the Province or District of Benares has been ceded to the said United Company, and % been annexed to the said Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, since the Establishment of the said Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William aforesaid, and it is expedient tfm the same should be subject

Babar,

may here-:h Regulations as the Governor General and Council of Fort William aforesaid have framed or may frame for the better Administration of Justice among the native Inhabitants and others within the same respectively be it therefore further enacted, Thar, from and after the first Day of Aiarch which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and one, the Power and Authority of the said Supreme Court of Judicature in and for the said Presidency of Fort William aforesaid, as now and by virtue of this Act established, and all such Regulations as have been or may be hereafter, according to the Powers and Authorities and subject to the Provisions and Restrictions before enacted, framed, and provided, shall extend to and over the said Province or District of Benares, and to and over all the Factories, Districts, and Places, which now are or hereafter shall be made subordinate thereto, and to and over all such Provinces and Districts as may at any Time hereafter be annexed and made subject to the said Presidency of Fort William aforesaid.

XXI. And whereas great Inconveniencies have arisen from the Practice of granting Letters of Administration by the said Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William aforesaid, in Cases where the next of Kin, Brmin,

or any of the Creditors of the Deceased, do not apply for the same, to Persons calling themselves Friends of jc& shall df

the Deceased be it therefore further enacted, Thar, from and after the first Day of Anarch, which will within eitiu be in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and one, whenever any British Subject shall die intestate within either of the Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, or Bombay, or the Territories subordinate to either of the said Presidencies, or to become subordinate thereto, and on Return of the Citation to be issued from the proper Ecclesiastical Court, no next of Kin or Creditor shall appear and make out their Claim to the Administration of the Effects of the Intestate deceased to the Satisfaction of the said Court, it shall and may be lawful for the Register of such Court respectively, and he is hereby required to apply for, and such Court is hereby required and directed to grant such Letters ad Colligendc or of Administration, as to such Court shall leem meet, by virtue whereof such Register shall collect the Assets of the Peceased, and shall bring them for safe Custody into such Court, and account for them regularly, in like Manner as is now by Law provided in Cases where Assets are vested in the Hands of any Officer of the Court, under or by virtue of the equitable Jurisdiction of any such Court.

No Corporal Punishment to be ordered except ao v id ion before two Justice*. No Convidioft to be reviewed.

From March ti 1 So 1,the Power of the Supreme Court of Judicature of Fort ‘ William shall extend over the Province of Benares, and all Places subordinate thereto, and all LiftriA* hereafter annexed to the PrelidcBcy*

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when any next of Kin or Creditor, who, at the Time of the Return of the above Citation, shall have been absent in Europe or elsewhere, shall make and establish their Claim to the Administration of the Assets of such Intestate, the Letters ad Coiiigtnda or of Administration, granted by virtue of this Act to the said Register, shall be recalled, and Administration in due Jorm granted to such next of Kin or Creditor respectively.

XXIII. And whereas Doubts may have arisen whet her any of the Courts of Judicature established in India by virtue of his Majesty's Charter, are competent to administer adequate Relief to insolvent Debtors, who stand charged in Execution for Debts under a certain Amount, according to the Provisions of an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of his late Majesty's Reign, commonly called The Lord's del,* be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Judge of the said Supreme Court at Fort William, and of the Supreme Court which his Majesty is empowered by this Act to erect at Madras, or for the Court of the Recorder at Bombay, to make and publish such Rules and Orders as to -hem respectively shall seem meet, for extending to such Insolvent Debtors as shall be in Execution under the Process of such ie-(jpedive Courts, or of any Court previously established at such Presidency respectively. for Sums under the Amount to be prescribed by such Rules and Orders, the Relief intended by the said Act; and to prescribe and order what weekly Sum the Creditor or Creditors at whose Suit such Debtor (lands charged in Execution, shall be obliged to pay and allow, in case such Creditor or Creditors shall iniift on such Debtor being detained in Custody, and to adopt and proportion the lame, as well as the Amount of such Debt as above-mentioned* to the general State and Condition of such Debtors, whether Natives qx Europeans, under the, JunldiCUon

From March t, 1 So j j when ever any British Subdie either of the PrefnJencie* or subordinate Territories, and no next of Kin or Creditor shall appear, the Registrar of the Ecclesiastical Court shall apply lor Letters of Administration, and shall collect! the Assets of the Deceased, and bring them into Court, and account for them.

When any next of Kin, or Creditor, who shall have been absent shall make out his Claim, the" Letrers of Ad-

mkiistration to the Registrar shall be recalled, and ^Letters granted to the Claimant.

The Judge of the supreme Court at Fort William, and of the Supreme Court to be creeled at Ma* dras, and the Court of the Recorder at Bombay, may make Rules (or extending to Insolvent Debtors, the Relict intended b, Act 32 Geo. 2«

4^0 C. 79, 80. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

c. »8. com- Jurisdiction of Rich Court respectively 5 and such Courts are hereby authorised and empowered, as soon as ^Lord'^A^. ^u,es anc* ^r^ers have been made and established, to proceed to act upon the same accordingly as Such Rules shall may ar'fe to require the same, and to make such Orders in such Cases as may he necessary to carry

be transmitted the fa ne fully into Effect: Provided always, That all such Rules and Orders as are first above mentioned, to the Coardof for prescribing the Mode in which such Relief shall be administered, shall be transmitted to the President of the ^oar^ Commissionrs for the Affairs of India, to be laid before his Majesty for his Royal Approba-Revision 8 tion, Correction, or Revision, and such Rules and Orders shall be observed until the same shall be repealed or varied, and in the last Case with such Variation as shall be made therein.

All Rules made

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Rules and Orders heretofore made or hereafter to be made, previous to the previous ro the Notification of this present Act, in such Presid envies respsftivrly, by any of the Courts

th?s*1!n\he above-mentioned, or any Court previously established in either of the said Presidencies for the Relief and

Presiden- Discharge of such Insolvent Debtors, and all Acts determined by rbem, or either of them, done or commanded in pur-

cies, for the Re- fuance thereof, shall be, and they are hereby ratified and confirmed, and all present AcLuns and Suits, lkf of infcWent Indictment?, Informations, and all Molestations, Prosecutions, and Proceedings whatsoever, which may Debtors, con- have been, or m.ny be had, commenced, or prosecuted, against any Person whomsoever, for acting or hav-

SuUstVm* all *n£ acted under and m Obedience to any such Rules or Orders, are and shall be discharged, annulled, and

mcncoTfor aft- utterly made void and of no Efteft, to all Intents and Purposes, by virtue of this Act. ing under them shall be void.

His Majesty may appi;nt the Judt cs of the supreme Courts, See. Commissioners for car ry ini; into Execution a Commission for the Trial and Adjudication of Prize causes, &c. in India.

XXV. ‘And whereas it may be expedient for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to issue a Commission from his High Court of Admiralty in England, for the Trial and Adjudication of Prize causes, and other Maritime Quell ions anding in India £ be it therefore further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to nominate and appoint all or any of the Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William aforesaid, or of the Supreme Court of Judicature to beerested as aforesaid at Madras, or the Court of the Recorder at Bombay, either alone or jointly with any other Persons to be named in such Commission, to be Commissioners for the Purpose of carrying such Commission so to be issued as aforesaid into Execution; any Act or Acts to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

---

CAP. LXXX.

An Act for erecting a Lazaret on Chetney Hill, in the County of Kent; and for reducing into one Act the Laws relating to Quarantine; and for making further Provision therein.

[28th July 1800.]

'WHEREAS by an Act passed in the first Session of the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign,

[39 Geo. 3. C. 99.]

---

intituled, An Act to encourage the Trade into the Levant Seas, by providing a more convenient Mode of performing Quarantine; and for reducing the Duty, granted by an Alt of the last Session, on Goods the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported to any Place within the Streights of Gibraltar, it was enacted, That it should and might be lawful to and folk his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, by any Order or Orders to be issued from Time to Time, to grant Licence and Permission for the Importation into Great Britain, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man^ of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, coming from the Levant Seas, without clean Bills of Health, without such Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes having been opened and aired in any of the Lazarets of Malta y AnconayVenice, Mefftnoy Leg horny Genoa, or Marfti lies, as was before by Law required; and that all such Goods and Merchandizes should and might be admitted to an Entry in any of the Ports of Great Britain, or the said Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, subject nevertheless to such Regulations, Rules, Orders, and Directions, with respect to opening and airing such Goods and Merchandizes previous to the landing thereof, and to the Performance of Quarantine by the 4 Crew$ or other Persons belonging to or being on board of the Ships or Vessels in which such Goods or Merchandizes should be imported, as his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council) shouM, by any Order or Orders to be issued as aforesaid, make, prefenbe, or direct: And whereas by the Laws of this Kingdom, all Ships or Vessels coming without such clean Bill of Health from any other Place li- able to the Plague, or any other infectious Disorder of the Nature of the Plague, except from the Levant, were not, previous to the passing of the said Act of the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, nor are now restrained from entering into any of the Ports of this Kingdom, in none of which, nevertheless, has sufficient Provision been made for the Performance of Quarantine by Ships so coming without such dean Bills of Health: And whereas certain Ships did so arrive from the Port of Mogadore, in the Course of last Autumn, which, for Want of such Provision, it was necessary to destroy, and the Publick thereby

*6 Geo. t. c. 6. 4 became subject to a great Charge: And whereas by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to oblige Ships more effectually to perform their Quarantine; and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the Isles ^Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man; it was enacted, That whenever his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice and Consent of Parliament, should direct Houses or Lazarets to be provided for the receiving and entertaining of Persons obliged to perform Quarantine, or for the depofuing, opening, and airing of Goods and Merchandizes liable to perform Quarantine, as therein mentioned, it should and might be lawful for his Majesty to ereft the same in such Places,

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 80. 401

and in such Manner as his Majesty should judge necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, paying such Rate,

Rent, or other Consideration as should be agreed upon, or afllfied and adjudged, in such Manner as therein prescribed: And whereas by an Act passed in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign,>a certain Sum 5 Geo. j. c.

of Money was granted by Parliament towards building a Lazaret: And whereas. Doubts having arisen C. 13 J 4 whether his Majesty was sufficiently enabled, by the Powers in the said last mentioned Acts contained, to contract and agree for the absolute Purchase of Lands, Mdl'ungcs, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled unalienably in the Crown, for the Purpose of making, vteding, and establishing such Lazaret,

it was by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain iz Geo. 3. c. 37.

and amend so much of an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second as relates to the eftdhli'some nt of Lazarets, enacted, That it should be lawful to and for the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, then or for the Time being, or any three or more of them,

or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, on the Behalf of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

from Time to Time, and at all Times thereafter, to treat, contract, and agree for the absolute Purchase or Sale, Release or Surrender, to or for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any Estate or Estates of Inheritance in any Lands, Messuages, Tenements, or Hereditaments which they should judge to be, by their Situation and in other Respeets, convenient and lit for the Purposes intended by the said Act, for such Sum or Sums of Money, or upon such other 'Perms or Conditions, as they should think

fitting, and to make Payment of the same cut of the before-mentioned Sum of Money: And whereas the

Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury have, in pursuance and under the Authority of the said last-mention(d Act, made Purchase of certain Lands on Chetney Hill, in the County of Kent, for the Purpose of erecting a Lazaret thereon: And whereas it is expedient that a Fund should be provided for enabling his Majesty to defray the Charges of erecting a proper Lazaret on the said Lands on Chetney Hill,

and also such Charges as shall arise from the necessary Establishment and Expences incident to such Laziret when completed, as well as from those of a Floating Lazaret to be made use of in the mean "l ime, until such Lazaret shall be so erected and completed be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lords The Treasury Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for may contract <or the Time being, from and after the passing of this Act, to give Di red ions, and make any Contract or ^retting a Laza-Contracts for erecting or causing to be eroded a Lazaret upon the said Lands so purchased on Chetney Hill, ll£?" cah*

in the County of Kent, with all necessary and convenient Accommodations for the Purpose of performing J^y defray the Quarantine, according to such Plan as his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, may from Expenceoutof Time to Time approve and direct; and for defraying the Expences attending the same, to C3ufe any Sum the Consolidate^ of Money to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of sixty-five Fund, not ex-thousand Pounds, of which a Part, not exceeding thirty thousand Pounds, may be ifiucd within the Space of cecdinS65,0001* twelve Months from the passing of this Act; and the said Lazaret when completed, and all the Buildings Lazaret fhaltbo and Accommodations thereto belonging, and until the same shall be completed, the said Floating Lazaret, under *he M»-(ball be under the Management, Order, and Direction of such Officers as shall be appointed by the Lords officTrTto°be Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or rpore of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for apPototed by the the Time being, for keeping the same fit and ready for the Reception of Persons and Goods, and for their Treasury, due Performance of Quarantine; and such Officers respectively shall have such Salaries as shall from Time

to Time be appointed by his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council; and the Salaries of the said Officers, and all contingent Expences, shall be defrayed out of the Funds, and in the Manner in which the Charges and Expences of performing Quarantine are at present defrayed, until such Time as a Revenue shall be raised sufficient for thoic Purposes, in the Manner herein after mentioned.

II. And whereas it is reasonable that the Owners of Ships, Vessels, and Cargoes, which in future shall Fromoaobet ?, have to perform Quarantine, should defray the Charge incurred thereby be it further enacted, That, 1800, the Own-from and after the fim Day of October one thousand eight hundred, there shall be raised, levied, collecters of Shapered, and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several and respective Duties of Customs herein after mentioned; that is to say, for every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel, the Cargo of which, or Duties of any Part thereof, shall have performed Quarantine in this Kingdom, and which shall have arrived from any customs hereto Part of Turkey, or from any Port or Place in Africa within the Streights of Gibraltar, or in the West specified. Barbary on the Atlantic Ocean, with a clean Bill of Health, seven Shillrngs and Sixpence; for every Ton Burthen of every such Ship or Vessel, which shall have so arrived without a clean Bill of Health, fifteen Shillings; for every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel, the Cargo of which, or any Part thereof, shall have performed Quarantine in this Kingdom, and which shall have arrived from any Port or Place whatever, except from any Part of Turkey, or from any Port or Place in Africa, within the Streights of Gibraltar, or in the West Barbary on the Atlantic Ocean, with a clean Bill of Health, three Shillings; for every Ton Burthen of every such Ship or Vessel which shall have so arrived, without a clean Bill of Health, ten Shillings; for every Ton Burthen of every such Ship or' Vessel arriving in this Kingdom, with a Cargo which in Whole or in

Part shall consist of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Turkey, or of any Port or Place in Africa within the Streights of Gibraltar, or in the Weft Barbary on the Atlantic Oceai\ and which shall have performed Quarantine in this Kingdom, and which shall have at rived from any Port or Place in Holland, or from any Port or Place whatever at which there is not a regular Establishment for the Perfjrmance of Quarantine, seven Shillings and Sixpence; for every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel which shall have so.arrived under such Circumstances as shall induce his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, to subject them to the like Quarantine as Ships arriving from Turkey without clean Bills of Heafth, fifteen Shillings j for every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel, the Cargo of which,

402

Certain Vessels exempted from Payment of such Duties.

Treasury may order the Da-ties to be reduced, and afterwards raised

No Vessel upon which the Duty is imposed shall be cleared Inwards unless it be nrft paid. Tonnage shall be ascertained according to the Register under 26 Geo. 3. c. 6o.

Owners of Vessels may demand from Importers a Proportion of Duties.'

Duties to be paid into the Exchequer, and a Separate Account to be kept

Application of Butics.

From October 1, 1800, the following recited and all otltr.r Acts, in so tar as thery relate to the Ptnorrrunce of q<ui anting, repealed.

*6 Geo. i. c. 6.

*9 Geo. 2. c. 3.

402 C. 80. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

or any Part thereof, shall h^ve performed Quarantine* in this Kingdom, and which Ship or Vessel shall enter Inwards in the Port of London, an additional Duty of one Shilling: all which several and respective Duties shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, and shall be sued for, recovered, and accounted forr in the same Manner, and subject to the same Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any Duties of Custome are now subject to determined by Law, as far as the same are applicable thereto: Provided always, That no Ship or Vessel arriving in this Kingdom from any Port or Place whatever, except from any Part of Turkey* or from any Part or Place in Africa within the Streights of Gibraltar, or in the West Barbary on the Atlantic Ocean, with a clean Bill of Health, in Ballad, or whose Cargo shall consist wholly of Salt, shall be liable to or charged with any Duty under this Act: Provided also, That no Ship or Vessel which shall* together with its Cargo, have duly performed Quarantine in the Lazarets of Malta, Ancona, Venice, Medina, Leghorn, or one of them, and shall fail from thence, and arrive in this Kingdom, with proper Documents and Vouchers attesting the same, to the Satisfaction of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or of his or their Privy Council, shall be liable to or charged with any Duty under this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if after the Repayment (in the Manner herein after mentioned) to the Consolidated Fund, of the said Sum of sixty-five thousand Pounds, hereby directed to be issued out of the same, it shall appear to the Lord High Treasurer or the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, that the Duties hereby granted are more than sufficient to defray the necessary Expences of carrying the several Purposes of this Act into Execution, it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners for the Time being, from Time to Time, by any Warrant or Warrants under the Hands of the said Lord High Treasurer, or of the said Lords Commissioners for the Time being, or of any three or more of the said Lords Commissioners, to order and direct that the Duties hereby gurnted shall be reduced in such Proportion and Manner as they shall think proper; and also by like Warrant or Warrants (in case the said necessary Expences should afterwards require an Increase of the said Duties) to order and direct that the same shall be again raised and increased to any Amount, not exceeding the Sums hereby authorised to be raised and levied; and such Warrant or Warrants shall be sufficient Authority to the Commissioners and Officers of the Customs for railing, levying, collecting, and recovering the several and respective Duties specified and contained in such Warrant or Warrants; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Ship or Vessel, upon which the Tonnage Duty by this Act imposed shall be due and payable, shall be permitted to be cleared Inwards in any Port of Great Britain* or the' islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, unless the said Tonnage Duty shall have been first duly paid to the proper Officers of the Customs appointed to receive the same, or the Commissioners of the Customs shall otherwise direct; and that the Tonnage of every Ship or Vessel shall be computed and taken, for the Purpose of ascertaining the said Duties, according to the Register thereof, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation; and in case of any Dispute or Doubt relative thereto the lame shall be ascertained by Admeasurement, in the Mode and Manner prescribed in the said last mentioned Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Owner or Owners of any Ship and Vessel, in respect of which any of the Duties imposed by this Act shall have been paid, to demand and receive from the respective Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees of any Goods or Merchandizes brought or imported in any such Ship or Vessel, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be equal to the just and reasonable Contribution, which the Proportion that such Goods and Merchandize bear to the Tonnage Burthen of the Ship shall require, and no more; such Proportion to be ascertained according to the Usage of Merchants in like cases.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Monies arising from the Duties hereby granted, shall be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund; and that in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, rhere shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall be entered Separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatsoever.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Money so raised, levied, collected, and paid, shall be applied in the first Place to defray the annual Expences of the said Floating Lazaret and Land Lazaret, and all other annual Expences which shall be incurred in the Execution of this Act; and in the next Place, to make good any Money that shall have been issued from the Consolidated Fund for the first erecting of the said Lazaret, and for providing the necessary and convenient Accommodations thereto belonging in Manner herein-before mentioned, and to no other Purpose whatsoever.

VIII. And whereas it is expedient that the several Acts of Parliament now in force for performing Quarantine, should be reduced into one Act, and that further Provision should be made for obliging Ships and Persons coming from Places infected with or subject to the Plague, or any infectious Disease or Diflcmper of the Nature of the Plague, to perform Quarantine in such Manner as shall be directed by Proclamation or by Order of his M r*jcity in Council, and for punching Offenders against such Orders be it enacted, That, from and after the tuft Day of 0richer one thousand eight hundred, an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his Majdfy King George the Second, intituled, An Act to oblige Ships more pffcdiually to perform their Pfnor online, and j or the bitter pi eventing the Plague being brought from Foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man; another Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the same Re ign, intituled, An Act, to repeal a Clause in an Act, made in the twenty sixth Year of his present Aldjefy, intituiect, An Act to oblige Ships more effectually to perform their Quarantine, and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from Foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey,

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 80. 403

Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man,’ whereby the flat toning of Ships infefted with the Plague to the North* ward of Cape Finisterre, is confined to the Harbour of New Grimsby, and removable to no other Place, and for appointing a more Jafe and commodious Place instead thereof; an A6fc passed in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Establishment of Lazarets; so much of an Act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act more effectually tofccure the Performance of Quarantines and for amending Jtveral Laics relating to the Revenue of Customs, as relates to the Performance of Quarantine; and also so much, as relates to the Performance of Quarantine, of an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend two Acts made in the twenty fxth Tear of King George the Second, and the tuenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his frejent Majesty, respecting the Performance of Quarantine; for punishing Persons acting contrary to any Order in Council, which may be made for laying any Embargo on Ships or Vessels, or for prohibiting or regulating the Exportation of any Goods, JVares, or Merchandize; to prevent the fraudulent Importation of Glass into this Kingdom \ for permitting the Removal of Coffee and Cocoa Coastwise, for the greater Convenience of Exportation; to authorize the Commissioners of the Cujlcms to return the Duties paid on Goods imported, which shall be lojl or destroyed before the landing thereof; to prevent Vessels liccrfed by the Admiralty from being engaged in any Trade or Employment not permitted by their Licences for permitting Wines put on board any of his Maf fly’s Ships to be removed from one Ship to another, without being firs landed and warehoused; and for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to Wines delivered into the Charge of the Celled or and Comptroller of his Majesty's Customs at the Port of Falmouth; and also so much, as relates to the Performance of Quarantine, of an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to encourage the Trade into the Levant Seas, by tro~ Hiding a more convenient Mode of performing Quarantine; and for reducing the Duty, granted lx an Act of the loft Sffion, on Goods, the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported to any Place within the btreights of Gibraltar; and every other Act or Acts heretofore pttaed, in so far as the same do or may be deemed or construed to relate to the Performance of Quarantine, and to be contrary to the Provisions of this Act, (halt be and the same are hereby repealed,

IX. And whereas infectious Diseases and Distempers which may not be deemed the Plague, have raged and may rage in Foreign Parts, the Communication whereof maybe highly dangerous to the Health of his Majesty's Subjects of this Kingdom be it declared and enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Pnvy Council, by his Royal Proclamation, from Time to Time to declare any such infectious Disease or Distemper to be of the Nature of the Plague.

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of October one thousand eight hundred, all Ships and Vessels arriving, and all Persons, Goods, and Merchandizes whatsoever coming or imported into any Port or Place within Great Britain, or the Ides of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Alan, from any Place from whence his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, shall judge it probable that the Plague, or other infectious Disease or Distemper, which his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, shall from Time to Time declare to be of the Nature of the Plague, may be brought, shall be liable and obliged to make their Quarantine in such Place and Places, for such Time and in such Manner as shall from Time to Time be directed by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by his or their Order or Orders in Council, and notified by Proclamation, or published in the London Gazette; and that until such Ships, Vessels, Persons, Goods, and Merchandizes shall have respectively performed and shall be duly discharged from such Quarantine, no such Person, Goods, or Merchandizes, or any of them, shall come or be brought on Shore, or go or be put on board any other Ship or Vessel in any Place within his Majesty's Dominions, unless in such Manner, and in such cases, and by such Licence as shall be directed or permitted by such Order or Orders made by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in Council as aforesaid; and that all such Ships and Vessels, and the Persons or Goods coming or imported in, or going or being put on board the same, and all Ships, Vessels, Boats, and Persons receiving any Goods or Persons out of the same, shall be subject to such Orders, Rules, and Directions concerning Quarantine, and the Prevention of Infection, as shall be made by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, and notified by his Royal Proclamation, or published in the London Gazette.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if the Plague, or other infectious Disease or Distemper as aforesaid shall appear on board any Ship or Vessel within the Streights of Gibraltar, the Master, Commander or other Person having Charge thereof, shall immediately Droceed to some one of the Foreign Lazarets, and there perform Quarantine, until such Time as the Land Lazaret, to be erected as aforesaid, shall, by his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, and by Order of the same notified by Proclamation, or published in the London Gazette, have been declared to be'fit for the due Performance of Quarantine therein; but if such Plague or other such infectious Disease or Distemper as aforesaid, shall appear on board any Ship or Vessel without the Streights of Gibraltar, then the Master, Commander, or other Person having the Charge or Command thereof, shall (unless such Land Lazaret shall have been so declared to be fit for the due Performance of Quarantine therein) immediately proceed to the Harbour of Saint Helens Pool, between the lilands of Saint Helens Tean and North JVitbel, being two of the Islands commonly called The If amis of Sally, or to such other Place as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, shall from Time to Time direct and appoint; where, being arrived, he shall make known his Case to some Officer of the Customs there, who shall immediately acquaint the Governor, Deputy Governor, or other Principal Magistrate thereof, and also feme Custom House Officer of some Port of England near thereunto; and the said Custom House Officer

403

11 Geo. 3. c. 57V

28 Geo. 3. c. 3$. 38 Geo. 3. Ci 3>

39 CtO.J. c.,»

His Majesty by Proclamation may declare any infediou* Disease to be of the Nature of the Plague.

Ail Vessels, Persons, and Gooda

coming into any Place in Great Britain, Guerji-fey, &c. from any Place from whence his Majesty shall judge the Plague may be brought, shall perform Quarantine as shall be directed by his Majesty's Order* in Council.

Rules for Vesst Is on board which the Plague shall appear within tl.c Streights of Gibraltar, or without, till the Land Lazaret shall be fit for the Performance of Quarantine.

404

Afaftmof Vessels, &c. disobedient herein, shall suffer Death.

Masters of Vessels liable to Performance of Quarantine, meeting other Vessels, at Sea, or being within four Miles of the Coast of Crest Britain, Ireland, Guernsey, &c. shall hoist a Signal on penalty of tool*

Penalty of 50k on Masters of Vessels not liable to Quarantine hoisting a Yellow Flag. Pilots conducting Vessels liable to Quarantine into Places not appointed, to forfeit tool*

'When any Place shall be infected with the Plague, or when any Order shall be made by his Majesty concerning Quarantine, the Pu son authorize d to fee it performed at the Ports of Great Britain shall make certain Enquiries of the Mailer of every Vtflll, who, on Rcfulnl to answer, shall forlcit tool.

C. 80. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

of such near Port in England shall, with all possible Speed, fend Intelligence thereof to the Commissioners of the Customs in the Port of London; and the said GoveVnor, Deputy Governor, or other Principal Magistrate, shall in like Manner, with all possible Speed, fend intelligence thereof to one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to the End that such Measures may be taken for the Comfort and Support of the Crew and Passengers on board such Ship so infe£!ed, and such Precautions used to prevent the spreading of the Infection, as the Case shall require'; and the said Ship or Vessel shall there remain until his Majesty's Pleasure be known; nor shall any of the Crew or Passengers on board thereof go on Shore: But m case the said Master, Commander, or other Person having Charge of the said Ship.or Vessel so infected, shall not be able to make the said 1 Hands of Stilly or other Place so appointed by his Majesty as aforesaid, or shall be forced by Stress of Weather, or otherwise, to go up either of the Channels, it shall not be lawful for him to enter with such Ship or Vessel into any Port, but lie shall remain in some open Road till he receives Directions by some Order of the Privy Council, and he shall use every necessary Means in his Power to prevent any of his Ship’s Company or Passengers from going out of his Ship, and to avoid all Intercourse with other Ships, Vessels, or Persons; and such Ship’s Company or Passengers shall, until such Master, Commander, or other Person shall have received such Directions, remain in such Ship, and shall avoid all Intercourse with other Ships, Vessels, or Persons; and the said Master or any other Person on board such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, who shall be disobedient herein, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, \vithout Benefit of Clergy.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Commander, Master, or ether Person having the Charge of any Ship or Vessel liable to the Performance of Quarantine, shall be and is hereby required, from and after the first Day of October one thousand eight hundred, at all Times when such Ship or Vessel shall meet with any other Ship or Vessel at Sea, or shall be within four Leagues of the Coast of Great Britain or Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey, JerJej, Alderney? Sark, or Man> to hoist a Signal to denote that his Ship or Vessel is liable to the Performance of Quarantine, which Signal shall be in the Day Time, if the said Ship or Vessel shall have a clean Bill of Health, a large Yellow Flag of fix Breadths of Bunting at the Main Topmast Head: and if such Ship or Vessel shall not have a clean Bill of Health, then a like Yellow Flag, with a circular Mark or Ball entirely Black thereon, whose Diameter shall be equal to two Breadths of Bunting, and in the Night Time the Signal shall, in both cases, be a large Signal Lantern, such as is commonly used on board his Majesty's Ships of War, with a Light at the same Malt Head; and such Commander, Master, or other Person shall keep such Signals respectively, as the Case shall be, hoisted during such Time as the Ship or Vesselthall continue within Sight of such other fship or Vessel, or within four Leagues of the said Coasts or Islands, and while so in Sight or within such Distance, until such Ship or Vessel shall have arrived at the Port or Place where it is to perform Quarantine, and until it shall have been legally discharged from the Per-fbrmance of Quarantine: on Failure whereof such Commander, Master, or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel so liable to the Performance of Quarantine, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Master, Commander, or other Person having the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel, not liable to the Performance of Quarantine, shall hoist such Yellow flag, whereby other Ships may be out to the Inconvenience of changing their Couffe, such Master, Commander, or other Person as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Bounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Pilot shall bring or condu£f, or cause to be brought and conducted, any Ship or Vessel liable to the Performance of Quarantine, into any Place which is nor, or which shall not be specially appointed for the Reception of Ships and Vessels so liable to the Performance of Quarantine, unless compelled by Stress of Weather, adverse Winds, or Accidents of the Seas, such Pilot shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XV. And, to the End that it may be better known whether any Ship or Vessel be actually infeSed with the Plague, or other infectious Disease or Distemper as aforesaid, or whether such Ship or Vessel, or the Mariners or'Passengers coming, or the Cargo imported in the same, are liable to any Orders touching Quarantine ;’ be it further enacted, That when any Country or Place shall be infetfted with the Plague, or other such infectious Disease or Distemper as aforesaid, or when any Order or Orders shall be made by his Majesty in Council concerning Quarantine, and the Prevention of Infection as aforesaid, then and in such Case, as often as any Ship or Vessel shall attempt to enter into any Port or Place in Great Britain^or of the Hies of Guernsey, jferfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, whether such Port shall have been appointed for the* Performance of Quarantine or not, the Principal Officer of his Majesty's Customs in such Port or Place, or such Person aslhall be authorised to fee Quarantine duly performed, shall go off, or cause some other Person to be by him appointed for that Purpose to go off, to such Ship or Vessel, and such Officer or other Person authorised to fee Quarantine performed as aforesaid, or the Person so by him appointed for that Purpose, shall, at a convenient Distance from such Ship or Vessel, demand of the Commander, Master, or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, and such Commander, Master, or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel shall, upon such Demand, give a true Answer in Writing or otherwise, and upon Oath or not upon Oatn, according as he shall by such Officer or other Person be required, to all such Questions and Interrogatories as shall be put to him, by virtue and in pursuance of such Regulations and Directions as his Majesty, by Older in Council, shall be pleaftd to prescribe; and in case such Commander, Master, or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel shall, upon such Demand made as aforesaid, refute to nuke a true Diicomy 111 any 01 cne Particulars concerning which he shall be interrogated in Manner

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 80. 405

ner aforesaid, such Commander, Matter, or other Person having Chargfe of such Ship or Vessel, for every such Offence shall forfeit and pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall appear upon such Examination or otherwise, that If it shall appear such Ship or Vessel is under such Circumstances as shall render it liable to perform Quarantine, and that the that any such Port where it so arrives is not the Port where it ought so to perform Quarantine, in such Case it shall Vessel is liable and may be lawful to and for the Officers of any of his Majesty's Ships of War, or any of his ranPJne^cOfI Majesty's Forts or Garrisons, 2nd all other his Majesty's Officers whom it may concern, upon Notice ficers of any thereof given to them, or any of them respectively, and to and for any other Person or Persons whom they bhipof War, shall call to their Aid and Assistance, and such Officers and other Persons are hereby required, to oblige such &c. shall com-Ship or Vessel to go and repair to such Place as hath been or shall be appointed for Performance of Quaran- tine, and to use 2II necessary Means for that Purpose, either by firing of Guns upon such Ship or Vessel, or pjaCC, by any other Kind of necessary Force whatsoever; and in case any such Ship or Vessel shall come from Matters of Vef-any Place vificed with the Plague, or other infectious Disease or Distemper as aforesaid, or shall have any fe) scorning from Person on board actually infected, and the Commander, Matter, or other Person having Charge of such Places vifned Ship or Vessel shall conceal the same, such Commander, Matte?, or other Person having Charge of such Ship with the Plague* or Vessel, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Bene- Per^oii

fit of Clergy. / onboard, and

concealing the same, shall suffer Death.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every Master, Commander, or other Person having Charge of any Matters of Vef-Ship or Vessel which shall be ordered to perform Quarantine as aforesaid, shall forthwith, after his Arrival at the Place appointed for the Performance of his Quarantine, deliver on Demand to the Chief Officer appointed to fee Quarantine Duty performed there, or Person acting for him, and which Officer or <u.ver\o the Person is hereby required tef make such Demand, such Bill of Health and Manifest as he shall have received Cliitf officer ap-from any British Consul during his Voyage, together with his Log Book and Journal, under Pain of forfeit- panted to fee ing the burn of five hundred Pounds if he shall wilfully refuse and neglect so to do.

Health, &c. on Penalty of 500l.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Master, Commander, or other Person having the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel liable to perform Quarantine, shall deliver to the Consul or other Person acting as such, and where there is none such residing the re, then to two known British Merchants at the Port at which he shall take on board any Article?, a List, Schedule, or Manifest, retaining one or more true Copies thereof in his own Possession. of all such Articles of every Description, whether brought as Baggage, Presents, or otherwise, and of all Packets, Parcels, or Letters, which List, Schedule, or Manifest shall by him be verified on Oath, and subscribed before the British Consul, or other Person or Merchants as aforesaid, who shall attest the same by subscribing his or their Name or Names thereto; and such British Consul, or other Person or Merchants as aforesaid, shall transmit the said List, Schedule, or Manifest so signed by him or them, as the Case may be, to the Commissioners of the Customs in the Port of London, for their Information; and the said Master, Commander, or other Person as aforesaid, on his Arrival in this Kingdom, shall declare upon Oath before the Collector or Principal Officer of the Customs at the Port where he shall arrive, or at the Port nearest thereto, that he has not received any Goods, Packages, or Articles whatever on board, either as Baggage, Presents, or otherwise, nor any Letter or Packets, or Parcels of Letters, but such as are specified in such Lists Schedules, or Manifests; and in case the Master, Commander, or other Person as aforesaid, shall not, on Demand by such Collector or Principal Officer of the Customs, produce all or any of the Articles so specified in such Lists, Schedules, or Manifests as aforesaid, or make it appear that the same have been unavoidably loft, destroyed, or consumed, such Master, Commander, or other Person shall forfeit and pay, for every such Default, a Sum not exceeding the Sum of five hundred Pounds, nor less than the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and if any Person shall land or unship, or shall move, in order to the landing or unshipping thereof, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or any small Articles brought as Baggage, Presents, or otherwise, or any Letters or Packets, or Parcels of Letters whateve r from on board such Ship or Vessel, or shall receive the same after they have been so landed or unshipped, he shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding the Sum of five hundred Pounds, nor less than the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

Matters of Vessels liable to Quarantine,

/hail deliver to the Consul, &c. at the Port where they shall take on board any Articles, a ‘ Manifest, who shall transmit it to the Commissioners of the Customs, and the Master, oil* his Arrival,

/hall make Oath' before the Officers of the Customs at the Port, that he has not received' on board any Articles or Letters but what are contained in the Manifest. Penalty on Masters not producing all such Articles, from

500l. to xocl. The same Penalty on Persons landing, or receiving any Articles or Letters from on board such Vessels.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Commander, Master, or other Person having Charge of any Ship or Vessel liable to perform Quarantine, and having Notice that fu h Ship or Vessel is so liable, shall himself quit. Or shall knowingly permit or suffer any Seaman or Passenger coming in such Ship or Vessel to quit such Ship or Vessel, by going on Shore, or by going on board any other Snip, Boat, or’ Vessel, before such Quarantine shall be tully performed, unless in such cases, and by such proper Licence as shall be directed and granted by and by virtue of such Order or Orders rtiade or to be made concerning Quarantine and the Prevention of Infection as aforesaid j or in cale any Commander, Matter, or other Person having Chage of such Ship or Vessel, shall not, within a convenient Time after due Notice given for that Purpose, cause such Ship or Vessel, and the Lading thereof, to be conveyed into the Place or Places appointed for such Ship, Vessel, and Lading, to perform their Quarantine respectively; then and in every such Case every such Master, Commandei, or other Person as aforesaid, for every such Offence shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds; and if any Person shallffo quit such Ship or Vessel by going on Shore, or by going on board any other Ship or Vessel contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, it Hull and may be lawful for

all

Matters, &c. quitting, or fuffeting Persons to quit Ve/Tds, or not in due Time carrying them into the Places appointed for Quarantine, shall forfeit 500l.

Persons quit-t.ng fucu Vef. icU may be

406 C. 80. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Officers of the Customs, &c. for Bi t awh or of Duty shall forfeit their Office, and tool; and if they shall dc-fert from their Duty whtn employed, or permit any Pttfon or VtfTJ, &c. to depart out of the Lazaret,&c. ot if the I’cr-fons authorised fh.ili Ri\e false Certificates they (had ft (Ter Death.

XX. And be it further enacted, That when any Ship or Vessel which has performed Quarantine in any Foreign Lazaret, flia arrive in any of the Ports of Great Britain or the Isles of Guernsey, Jet fey Aldemy, Sark, or Mtm% with a clean Bill of Health, no Goods or Merchandize liable to retain the Infection of the Plague, or other infectious Disease or Distemper as aforesaid, shall be permitted to be landed or unshipped, unloaded or moved, in order to be landed out of such Ship or Vessel; but the Mailer, Commander, or ct’r er Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel shall, immediately upon his Arrival, give Notice thereof, and of the Contents of his Lids, Schedules, or Manifests as aforesaid, and of the Foreign Pert in which such Ship or Vessel hath performed Quarantine, to the Principal Officer of his Majesty's Custoras at the Port where he shall arrive, or at the Port neared thereto, in order that the same may be forthwith laid before his Majesty's Privy Council; and if the Mader, Commander, or other Person as aforesaid, or any Person whatsoever, shall land, or shall unship, unload, or move, in order to land, any Goods or Merchandize out of the said Ship or Vessel, before an Order of his Majesty's Privy Council shall be made, giving Directions therein, or otherwise than shall be directed in the Paid Order, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

Privy Council. Penalty of 2ccl. for landing, &c. Goodb before an Order of Council is made, or contrary thereto.

XXI. And whereas Disobedience or refractory Behaviour in Persons under Quarantine maybeat- tended with very great Danger to his Majesty's Subjects;’ be it further enacted, That all Persons liable to perform Quarantine, whether in Ships or in a Lazaret, or elsewhere, shall be subject, during the said Quarantine, to such Orders as they shall receive from the proper Officers authorised to direct and superintend the due Performance thereof; and the said Officers are hereby empowered and required to enforce all necessary Obedience to the said Orders; and in case of Necessity to call in others to their Assistance; and all Persons so called in are hereby required to assist accordingly; and such Officers shall and they are hereby empowered and required to compel all Persons obliged to perform Quarantine as aforesaid, to repair, and to cause all Goods and Merchandizes comprized within any such Orders made or to be made as aforesaid, to be conveyed, to the said Lazaret or other Place duly appointed in that Behalf, in such Manner, and according to such Directions as shall be made by Order of his Majesty in Council as aforesaid; and if any Person obliged to perform Quarantine as aforesaid, shall wilfully refuse or neglect to repair within convenient Time, after due Notice for mat Purpose given to him or her by the proper Officer to the said Lazaret, or other Place duly appointed, for him or her, or having been placed in the said Lazaret or other Place, shall escape, or attempt to escape out of the lame before Quarantine duly performed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Watchmen and other Persons appointed to fee Quarantine performed, and they are hereby required, by such necessary Force as the Case shall require, to compel every such Person so refusing or negleoingas aforesaid, and every such Person so escaping or attempting to escape as aforesaid, to repair or return into such Lazaret or other Place so appointed for him or her as aforesaid; and every Person so refusing or neglecting to repair, within convenient Time after such Notice as aforesaid, into the said Lazaret, or other Place, and also every Person actually escaping as aforesaid, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and fufter Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benetic of Clergy*

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of his Majesty's Customs, or any other Officer or Person whatsoever to whom it doth or shall appertain to execute any Order or Orders made or to be made concerning Quarantine, or the Prevention of Infection; and notified as aforesaid, or to see the same putia Execution, shall be guilty of any wilful Breach or Neglect of Duty in that Behalf, every such Officer and Person so offending shall forfeit such Office or Employment as he may be possessed of, and shall become from thenceforth incapable to hold or enjoy the same, or to take a new Grant thereof, and every such Officer and Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and if any such Officer or Person shall desert from his Duty when employed as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and willingly permit any Person, Ship, VelTd, Goods, or Merchandize, to depart or be conveyed out of the said Lazaret, Ship, or other Place as aforesaid, unless by Permission under an Order of his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Councilor if any Person hereby authorised and directed to give a Certificate of a Ship having duly performed Quarantine or Airing, shall knowingly give a false Certificate thereof, every such Officer and Person so offending shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy; and if any such Officer or Person shall knowingly and wilfully damage any Goods performing Quarantine under his Direction, he shall be liable to pay treble Damages and full Costs of Suit to the Owner of the same.

Penalty of treble Damans for wilfully injuring Goods performing Quarantine.

Jf any found Person shall without i.itence enter a Laza-rtt, he shall perform Quarantine; and if Li: tlwape.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person not infected with the Plague, or other infectious Disease or Distemper as aforesaid, nor liable to pci form Quarantine, shall enter the said Lazaret or other Place so appointed as aforesaid, wnilft any Person or Persons infected with the Plague, or being under Quarantine, shall be therein, and shall return or attempt to return from thence, unless in such Cases and by such Licence as shall be directed and granted by virtue of such Order or Orders of his Majesty in Council as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Watchmen or other Persons appointed to guard or secure the said

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 80. 407

shall suffer Death.

Coods, when specified in any Order in Council as liable to retain Infection, shall bfc liable to Quarantine.

After Proof of the Performance of Quarantine, and oh Certificate to that Effect, Vessels and Person* shall rot be liable to fai ther Re-llraint.

said Lazaret or other Place so appointed as aforesaid, by such necessary Force as the Case shall require, to 'Compel such Person so returning or attempting to return, to repair into the said Lazaret or other Place so appointed as aforesaid, there to continue and perform Quarantine; and in case /tich Person shall actually escape out of the said Lazaret or other Place where he or me shall be so placed for Performance of Quarantine, before he or she shall have fully performed the same, he or (lie shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall differ Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XXIV. And whereas certain Sorts of Goods and Merchandizes are more especially liable to retain In-

fevStion, and may be brought from Places infected into other Countries, and from thence imported into his Majesty's Dominions, in Ships nor obliged to perform Quarantine be it enacted, That all such Goods and

Merchandizes as shall be particularly specified for that Purpose in any Order or Orders of his Majesty in Council, made or to be made concerning Quarantine and the Prevention of Infection as aforesaid, which shall be imported into any of his Majesty's Dominions from any Foreign Country or PI ice in any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, shall be subject and liable to such Regulations and Restrictions as shall be mide by Order of his Majesty in Council respecting the same, for performing Quarantine and the Prevention of infection as aforesaid^ w

XXV. And be it further enacted, That after Quarantine shall have been duly performed by any Ship or Vessel, Person or Persons obliged to perform Quarantine as aforesaid, according to this Act, and to such Order or Orders made as aforesaid, and upon Proof to be made by the Oaths of the Masteror other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, and of two of the Persons belonging thereto, or upon Proof to be made by the O iths of two or more credible Witnesses before the Collector, or Principal Officer of the Customs at the Port where such Quarantine shall be performed, or at the Port nearest thereunto, or before any Justice of the Peace living near to the Port or Place, or when such Quarantine shall have been performed, within any of the said l(hs oi Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sarky or Marty before any two Jurats or M.igittrates of any of the said 1(1 s respectively, that such Ship or Vessel, and all and every such Person and Persons respectively, have duly performed Quarantine as aforesaid, and that the Ship or Vessel, and all and -every Person and Persons, are free from Infection, and after producing a Certificate to that Purpose, signed by the Chief Officer who superintendedthe Quarantine of the said Ship, or Person acting for him, then and in the said respective Cases such Collector, or Principal Officer of the Customs, or such Justice Tof the Peace, or such Jurats or Magistrates as aforesaid respectively, are hereby required to give a Certificate thereof; and thereupon such Ship or Vessel, and all* and every such Person and Persons so having performed Quarantine, shall be liable so no further Restraint or Detention upon the same Account for which such Ship or Vessel, Person or Persons, shall have performed Quarantine as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes Pable to Quarantine as aforesaid, shall be opened and aired in such Place or Places, and for such Time and in such Manner as shall be directed by his Majestyr, his Heirs and Successors, by such Order or Orders to be made as aforesaid; and after such Orders shall have been duly complied with, a Certificate thereof shall be given by the Chfef Officer appointed to superintend the Quarantine and airing of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, or by the Person acting for him, and Proof thereof shall be made by the Oaths of two or more credible Witnesses before the Collector or other Principal Officer of the Customs at the Port lying next to such Place or Maces where such Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes shall have been opened and aired as aforesaid, or before any

Justices of the Peace living near the same, or before any two Jurats or Magistrates of the said Isles of Guern- _o__

fey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man respectively, which Collector, or other Principal Officer, or such Justice, JUftrainc. or two Jurats or Magistrates respectively, as the Case may be, shall also make Certificate of such Proof having been made; and upon the Production of such Certificates to his Majesty's Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland respectively, or to the Governor or Lieutenant Governor, Commander in Chief, or Chief Magistrate of any of the said last mentioned islands, as the Case may be, such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be forthwith discharged f/om any Restraint or Detention upon the same Account, by Order of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, or of the said Governor, Lieutenant Governor, Commander in Chief, or Chief Magistrate respectively.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, any Certificate directed and required to be granted by this Act, or shall publish as true any such forged or counterfeited Certificate, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, he shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly or wilfully conceal from the Officers of Quarantine, or shall clandestinely convey any Letters, Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes in or from any Ship under Quarantine, or liable to perform Quarantine, or from the said Lazaret, or other Phace where Goods shall be performing Quarantine, every such Person so offending shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

Goods liable to Quarantine opened and aired according to Orders in Council; and on Certificate of Proof of Compliance, they shall be discharged from

Persons forging, &c. any Certificate un-d.r this Act shall suffer Death.

Persons concealing, or conveying any Articles or Letters from any Vtdel under

Quarantine, or from the Lazarets, shall fuftei Death.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall at any Time happen that any Part of Great Britain, Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Alan, or France, Spain-, Portugal, or the Dow Countries, shall be infected with the Plague, or any other infectious Disease or Distemper as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by his or their Proclamation, to prohibit and restrainall small Boats and Vessels, under the Burthen of twenty Tons, from failing or passing o\it of any Port or Place of Great Britain, or the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Alan, or any r-f them, until Security be first given by the Matter of every such Boat or Vessel respectively, to the Satisfaction

During the Plague in Great Britain, Ireland, France, Spain, Pottug.il, ortheLocvCoun-tri's, Vessels under zoTons may be prohibited by iiis Ma-

408 C. 80. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

3cfly fm-ri fail irg until V purity be yiven with Ct.it.nn Conditions.

If any such Vtird null c?\ 1 before Security be given it fh <11 fee forfeited, and 20l. by the Mailer and each Manner on board.

tion of the Principal Officer of the Customs, or the Chief Magistrate of the Port or Place from whence such Boat or Vessel shall fail, by Bond taken by such Officer or Magistrate, to the King, his Heirs or Successors, with sufficient Sureties in the Penalty of three hundred Pounds, with Condition that if such Boat or Vessel shall not go to or touch at any Country, Port, or Place to be mentioned for that Purpose in such Proclamation; and if neither the M after or other Person having Charge of such Boat or Vessel, nor any Marker nr pjlienger in such Boat or Vessel shall, during the Time aforesaid, go on board any other Ship or Vessel at Sea; and such Mallet or other Person having Charge of such Boat or Vessel shall not permit or ttfffer any Person or Persons to come on board such Boat or Vessel at Sea from any other Ship or Vessel, and shall not, during the Time aforesaid, receive any Goods and Merchandizes whatsoever out of any other Ship or Vessel, then such Bond shall be void; fur the making of which Bond no Fee or Reward whatsoever shall be taken; and in ca(e any Boat or Vessel, for which such Security shall be required by such Proclamation, shall let foil or pais out of any Port or Place of Great Britain/, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jerjiy, Mlerny, Sark, and Alan, or any of them respectively, before such Security be given as aforesaid, every such Boat or Vessel so failing or pafang out of any Pert or Place, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, tngeiher with her Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, shall be forfeited to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and the Mafier of, and every Mariner failing in, any such Boat or Vessel shall severally forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds.

Publication In the Gazette or Proclamation ot‘ any Order shall be fufli-oient Notice.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Publication in the London Gazette of any Order of Council made in pursuance of this Act, or his Majesty's Royal Proclamation made in pursuance of the same, shall be deemed and taken to be sufficient Notice to all Per Cons concerned, of all Matters therein respectively contained.

Recovery and Application of Penaititi.

Persons authorised to take Examinations may ad mi aider Oath.*,

Penalty of Perjury, &c. on Persons swearing falsely, or procuring others to do so.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, Tint all Forfeitures and Penalties aforesaid, that shall be incurred by any Offence committed a gain ft any Part of this Act, shall and may be recovered by Suit in any of his \h-jc fly’s Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Effo'gn, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be granted, or in Scotland by summary Action in the Court of Session, or by Prosecution before the Court of Justiciary there, or by Suit in any of his Majesty's Courts in the lflandsot Guernsey, Jerftj, /Udcrney, Sark, or Man, by or by Information before any two Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, or Place where the Offence was committed, and may be levied of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, and if he shall not have Goods and Chattels equal in Value to the Amount of such Forfeiture or Penalty, then such Offender shall be committed to Gaol till Payment thereof; and every such Forfeiture and Penalty shall belong and be given, one Moiety to the Person who shall Cue for the same, and the other Moiety to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be applied towards defraying the Expences of erecting and maintaining the Lazaret as aforesaid.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Case's wherein, by or by virtue and in pursuance of any of the Provisions of this Act, any Examinations or Answers shall be directed to be taken or made upon Oath, the Person w ho shall by or by virtue of the same be authorised and required to take such Examinations and Answers, shall and shall be deemed to have full Power and Authority to administer such Oath; and if any Person who shall be so interrogated or examined, shall wilfully fyyear falsely to any Matter concerning which such Person shall depose, or make Oath on such Examination, or if any Person iliail procure any other Person so to do, he or she shall be deemed to have been guilty of, and shall be liable to be prosecuted for wilful and corrupt Perjury, or Subornation of wilful and corrupt Perjury, as the Case may be, and shall suffer the Penalties of the Law in such Cases respectively made and provided.

Offences, not felonious, against this Act or any Order of Council, may be tried he, ore two Justices, who may tine or inmrifun the Offender.

Application of Penalty.

No Attainder of Felony Dull work Con option ol blood, ice.

Offences committed upon the High Seas may be piofc-cuted within

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Offences committed against any of the Provisions of this Act, (not being Felony,) and every Offence or Disobedience to any Order of Council made for better car-jying into Execution this Act, for which no specif.c Penalty, Forfeiture, or Punishment is provided by this Act, shall and may be tried, heard, and determined before any two Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, or Place where such Offence or Disobedience shall happen; and if any Person shall be convicted of any such Offence or Disobedience, he or (lie shall be liable to such Forfeiture and Penalty, not exceeding the Sum of fifty Pounds for anyone Offence, or to such Imprisonment, not exceeding three Months for any one Offence, as shall in the Discretion of the two Justices who shall have heard and determined the same, be judged proper; and such Forfeiture and Penalty shall be paid, one Moiety to the Person suing for the same, ?nd the other to his Majesty, to be applied as the Moieties of other Forfeitures and Penalties are herein-before directed to be applied.

XXXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no Attainder of Felony by virtue of this Act shall be extended to work any Corruption of Blood, or Forfeiture o( any Goods, Chattels, Lands,* Tenements, or Hereditaments.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Offences committed upon the High Seas against this Act, or against any Order of Council made for carrying this Act into Execution, shall be deemed to be done within the Body of the County nearest to the Place where such Offence was committed, and shall and may be prosecuted within such County.

the neared County.

Defendants may plead the CjwIic: J JUTuc,

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any 'Filing done in pursuance and Execution of this present Act, or of any Order of Council

A.D. 180d. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 80, 81. 409

made by virtue thereof, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence ac any Trial to be bad thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and in the Execution of the said Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, 3nd if the Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall have been given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff', the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Cqfts, and have the like Remedy for the same as the Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law; and that no such Action or Suit shall he brought against any Person for any Matter or Thing done in pursuance or Execution of this Act, but within the Space of two Years after such Matter or Thing shall have been done.

[Treble Costs.]

[Limitation of Actions two Years.]

---

[Commencement of Act.]

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect, except as is herein-before otherwise provided, on the first Day of October one thousand eight hundred.

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act to repeal an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds in the buying and selling of Hops, and for the better Collection of the Duty on Hops; and to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Trade of Hops.

[28th July 1800.]

'WHEREAS an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

[14 Geo. 3. c. 68. recited,]

intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds in the buying and selling of Hops, has been found insufficient to answer the

Purposes thereby intended, and it is therefore expedient to repeal the said Act, and in lieu thereof to make such Provision as is herein-after directed; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[and repealed.]

That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said Act shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

---

[Owners, &c. shall mark the Bags with their Names, &C- before they put ia any Hops, oa penalty of ZoL

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Owner, Planter, or Grower of Hops, before he, she, or they shall begin to put any Hops into any Bag or Pocket, shall mark, or cause to be marked on the Outside or each and every such Bag or Pocket, in large, plain, and legible Letters or Characters, with durable Ink or Paint, his, her, or their Name or Names, and Place of Abode 5 and if any Owner, Planter, or Grower of Hops, shall begin to put any Hops into any Bag or Pocket without having marked, or caused to be marked in Manner hereinbefore directed, the several Matters and Things herein-before required and prescribed, every such Owner, Planter, or Grower, or other Person or Persons so offending, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty founds.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Owner, Planter, or Grower of Hops shall bag any Hops in any

Bag, the Weight of which Bag shall be greater in Proportion to the gross Weight of such Bag and the Hops contained therein than ten Pounds for every one hundred and twelve Pounds of the said gross Weight of such Bag and the Hops contained therein; and if any Owner, Planter, or Grower of Hops shall bag any Hops in any Bag, the Weight of which Bag shall be greater in Proportion to the gross Weight of such Bag and the Hops contained therein than ten- Pounds for every one hundred and twelve Pounds of the grols Weight of such Bag and the Hops contained therein, then and in every such Case every Owner, Planter, or Grower so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

Hops shall not

be bagged in Bags of greater Weight than id the Proportion of folb. for eeery 112lb. of the gross Weight of Bag and Hops, on Penalty of 10L

IV. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as any Officer of Excise shall have weighed and officer of Ex-taken Account of any Hops for the Purpose of ascertaining and charging the Duty thereon, such Of- cife ffiallmark Acer shall, and he is hereby authorised and required to mark, or cause to be marked, in large legible Fi- on the Bags the gures, with durable Ink or Paint, on the Outside of each and every Bag or Pocket, containing such Hops, the Year the true gross Weight of such Bag or Pocket of Hops, together with the Date of the Year in which such of Growth, and Hops were grown; and also wi:h the true progressive Number of such Bag or Pocket, according to the the progressive Numbers of the Bags or Pockets of Hops weighed and charged to each Owner, Planter, or Grower of Numhcrac-H aps, during the then current Year or Hop Season; such Number to be taken progressively, beginning One, 10 }’iUf

Two, spid lo onwards, according to the Number of Bags or Pockets of Hops weighed and charged to each BaTcharged to* Owner, Planter, or Grower as aforesaid, in each such current Year or Hop Sealon; and if any Person or c*cn Owner for Persons shall counterfeit or alter, orcaiife, procure, or suffer to be counterfeited or altered, any or either of the Season. the Matteis or Things herein-before directed to be marked, or caused* to be marked and (o marked, or persons coun-cause to be marked by any such Owner, Planter, or Grower of Hops, or so herein-before directed to be tcrtdtm? the marked, and so marked by any such Officer as aforesaid, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for each Marks aforesaid and every such Offence, severally forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds 5 and if any Person or jfa Persons shall wilfully deface or obliterate any or either of the Matters or Things herein-before directed to dctdc*il, lg Marks be marked, or caused to be marked, and so marked, by any such Owner, Planter, or Grower of Hops, or ihal. forteit herein-before directed to be marked, and so marked by any such Officer as aforesaid, or shall cause or procure any such Matter or Thing to be defaced or obliterated, or shall connive at any such Matter or Thing being so defaced or obliterated, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, federally forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds.

4io C. 81. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Hops shall not

be removed /rom the Place of weighing before the Expiration of 12. Hoars, unless the same shall have been re-weighed by the Supervisor, on Penalty of 50l.

Owner of Hops shall not be obliged to give more than 14 Hours' Notice of his Intention to weigh them* Time of weighing

V. And whereas it is expedient that no Planter of Owner of Hops to grow in Great Britain should re move or convey away any Hops from his, her, or their Oufts, Storehouses, or other Places where tuch Hops shall have been weighed by any interior Officer of Excise until such Time as is herein after pre- feribed be it therefore enacted, That no Owner, Planter, or Grower of Hops, growing or to grow in Great Britain, shall-remove or convey away, or canfe or suffer to be removed or conveyed away, any Hops from the Oust, Storehouse, or other Place where the same shall have been weighed, for the Purpose of charging the Duty, before the Expiration of twelve Hours next after such Hops shall have been so weighed, unless the same shall sooner have been weighed or reweighed by the Supervisor of Excise; to the End that such Supervisor may have an Opportunity to rewt ivh the same; and if upon the rewerghing of any such Hops, any additional Weight shall be found, such Hops shall be liable to and chargeable with the Duty of Excise imposed for or ii) retped of such Hops, according to such last mentioned Weight; and if any such Owner, Planter, or Grower shall temove or convey away, or cause or suffer to be removed or conveyed away, any such Hops, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Owner, Planter, or Grower of such Hops so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Planter or Owner of Hops to grow in Great Britain shall at any Time be obliged to give more than twenty-four Hours’ Notice of his or her Intention to weigh Hops: Provided always, That the particular Time to be specified in any such Notice for the aeigning of Hops, shall be between the Hours of Four in the Morning and Five in the Evening; any Thing in this or any other Act of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

between four in the Morning and five in the Evening.

No Officer inferior to a Supervisor shall be fbffitrcd to Weigh Hop* between Five in the Evening and Four in the Morning, on Penalty of*®!. Owners of Hon* shall keep Scales and Weights at the Place of weighing, and permit any Supervisor to use them, on Pc-«Mdty of 50l.

If unjust Scales ®r Weights,

Ac. shall be used, they shall be forfeited, and the Owner shall forfeit 100L

Owners, when required by Supervisor, shall put Hep* into the Scale to be reweighed, and allift him therein, on P«raity of 50L

Persons obit ru ding Officers in the Execution of their Duty, shall forfeit loot Penalties and FonoturtS, bow to be levied and applied*

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Officer of Excise, inferior to the Rank orbe* gree of a Supervisor of Excise, shall be at Liberty 10 weigh, or shall be permitted to weigh any Hops at any Oust, Storehouse, or other Place of any Owner, f lamer, or Grower of Hops, between the Hours of Five in the Evening and Four in the Morning; and if any such Owner, Planter, or Grower shall permit or suffer any such inferior Officer to weigh any such Hops between the Hours aforesaid, contrary to the Directions of this Act, every such Owner, Planter, or Grower so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, for* feit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Owner, Planter, and Grower of Hops growing of to grow in Great Britain shall, and he, (he, and they respectively is and are hereby required to keep sufficient and just Scales and Weights at his, her, or their Oufts, Storehouses, or other Places, where such Hop> shall have been so weighed, and also to permit and suffer any Supervisor of Excise to use the same for the Purpose of reweighing such Hops; and if any such Owner, Planter, or Grower shall neglect to keep such Scales and Weights, or either of them, or shall not permit or suffer any Supervisor of Excise to use the same for the aforesaid, ,he, she, or they shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds; and if any such Owner, Planter, or Giower shall, for the rewe'ghing of any such Hops, provide or make use of, or cause or procure, or suffer to be provided or made use of, any selfe, unjust, or inefficient Scales or Weights, or shall practise any Act, Device, or Contrivance by which any such Supervisor of Excise may be hindered or prevented from talcing the just and true Weight of any such Hops, then and in every such Case such Owner, Planter, or Grower shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, together with all such Life, unjust, or insufficieot Scales and Weights respectively, and the same shall and may be seized by any Supervisor or Officer of Excise.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Owner, Planter, and Grower of Hops growing or to grow in Great Britain, shall, when and so often as he, she, or they shall be thereunto required by any Supervisor of Excise, bring, or cause to be brought to, and be put into and taken oyt of, the Scale, all Hops belonging to such Owner, Planter, or Grower, and which such Supervisor shall be desirous to reweigh, and shall also, on the Reciueft of such Supervisor, by themselves respectively, and with a sufficient Number of their Servants, aid and assist, to the utmost of their Power, such Supervisor of Excise in reweighing all such Hops of such Owner, Planter, or Grower, on Pain of forfeiting, for every Neglect or Refusal thereuf, the Sum of fifty Pounds. -

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall affadt, oppose, molest, obstruct, or binder, any Officer or Officers of Excise in the due Execution of this Act, or of any of the Powers or Authorities given by this Act, all and every such Person or Persons so offending fiuii, for every such Offence, severally forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in th Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Kenaity, or Forfeiture shall be tu his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, duco-ver, or sue for the same.

---

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 82, 83. 411

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act for suspending, until the twentieth Day of August one thousand eight hundred, the Duties on Foreign Hops imported, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

[28th July 1800.]

[27 Geo. 3. c. 23.]

---

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof,

and for other Purposes, a Duty of Customs of five Pounds eighteen Shillings and ten Pence is imposed upon every Hundred Weight of Hops imported into Great Britain, and by several subsequent Acts cer- tarn other Duties have been imposed in Addition thereto i And whereas it is expedient that so much of the said Acts as imposes the Duties on Hops imported should be suspended for a limited Time, and that other Duties should be imposed in lieu thereof during such Suspensioni’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s’ most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[So much of recited Act, and of subsequent Acts, as imposes Duties on the]

That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said Acts as imposes the faitl Duties upon the Importation of Hops shall be, and the same are hereby suspended unto and until the twentieth Day of August one thousand eight hundred.

Importation bf Hops shall be suspended till Aug. ao, 1800;

II. And be it further enacted, That, until the said twentieth Day of August one thousand eight hundred, And instead of

instead and in lieu of the said Duties hereby suspended,' there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto Jl1* D"SS and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a Duty of Customs upon every Pound Weight. SiaiJ^Sepiid Avoirdupois of Hops imported into Great Britain, the Sum of one Penny and twelve Twentieth Parts of a custom Duty Farthing, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity; and that so much of the said Duties here- on every lb. of by suspended, as became due and payable between the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred Hops imported and ninety-nine and the Time of the passing of this Act, shall not be paid or payable, but instead and in lieu of ld* *nd thereof, the Duty by this Act granted shall be paid, and upon the Payment thereof,.any Bonds that shall pVr thine- have been entered into for Payment of the Duties hereby suspended shall be, and the same are hereby declared Which Duty to be null and void, and shall be cancelled accordingly. Oiailaifobe

paid in lieu of those payable between Nov. x, 1799, and the passing of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Duty by this Act granted shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, D«ty shall be recovered, and applied in like Manner and under such and the same Rules, Regulations, ind Restrictions, ^Vijd andi1^p‘ Penalties and Forfeitures, as the Duties on the Impoftation of Hops are now raised, levied, collectdB, paid, mburner aa

recovered, and applied by virtue and in pursuance of the said Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the the D&ties Reign of his present Majesty.

under recited Act.

---

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for permitting French Wines to be imported into this Kingdom from the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, or Alderney, in Bottles or Flasks.

[28th July 1800.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

[27 Geo. 3. c. 13. [§22.]]

---

intituled, An Act for repealing the federal Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties cornpoftm the Publick Revenue;

from the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Alderney, for a limited Time, (which has expired,) on Payment of certain Duties therein enumerated: And whereas it is expedient that such Wine should be permitted to be so imported be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[

That, from and after the tenth Day of May one thousand eight hundred, it shall and may be lawful to import into Great Britain from the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Alderney, any French Wines in Bottles or Flasks, as well for Sale as for private Use, on Payment of the several and respective Duties as thefarhe are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the Table and Schedule annexed to the said recited Act, marked C. and F;, and all other Duties, as well Customs or Excise, as are now due and payable on the Importation of such Wines by any other Act of Acts of Parliament \ provided that such Wines shall be imported in British-built Ships or Vessels, owned, navigated, and registered according eo^aW, and in such Manner, and under the like Rules, Regulations, Conditions, and Restrictions, and shall be subject and liable to such and the like Penalties and Forfeitures, as are provided and enacted in the said recited Act.

in the Table of the recited Act marked C. and F. and all other Duties payablejon such

From May x^,

1800, French Wines in Bottles or Flaflcs. may be import, ed in British Ships from Guernsey, Jersey, or Alderney, on Payment of the Duties set forth Wines imported*

II. And be it further enacted, That if any French Wines in Boults or Flaflcs shall have been so import- Fre.noh Wines, ed into Great Britain, ftom Guernsey, Jersey, ox Alderney, since the Expiration of the Time limited in J^hmayhavj t fie laid recited Act as aforesaid, the same shall be subject and liable to the Payment of, and shall be charged n«PB>(pii

3G1 with

412 C. 83 - 85. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

ration of the with the several and respective Duties, as the same are respectively Inferred, described, and set forth in the themed ted* \ tt anc* Schedule annexed to the said recited Act, marked C. and F-, any Law to the contrary there shall he cUr^d of notwithstanding. with the same Duties.

Indentures of Apprenticeship improperly stamped, on Payment by Jan. 1, i8or, of the full Duty payable thereon, or such as have been stamped with a Stamp of a higher Value, shall be damped with the proper Stamp, without Payment of any Penalty, and shall then be valid.

Copies of Indentures or other Deeds liable to the Duties granted by 37 Geo. 3.

c. 90. and c. 72. of this Session, may be stamped Within 60 Days after Date of Attestation, on Payment of the Duty only.

jo Cito. 3. 0. ICO,

---

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act to render valid Indentures of Apprenticeship of Poor Children and others, made upon improper Stamps, upon certain Conditions, and to indemnify all Persons who may have incurred Penalties thereby; and for allowing attested Copies of Indentures, Leases, or Deeds to be stamped after the ingrossing, writing, or printing thereof.

([28th July 1800.]

---

WHEREAS divers Indentures of Apprenticeship, made for the binding Poor Children and others, have through Mistake and Inadvertency, and without any Intention to defraud the Revenue, been made out and executed upon Stamps of a different Denomination and Value than is required by the several Acts relating to the Stamp Duties charged and payable upon Indentures of Apprenticeship, and by Reason thereof great Inconvenience has arilen and may arile to the Masters and Mistresses of such Apprentices, and co such Apprentices, by Reason that such Indentures are not valid or binding upon any of the Parties thereto: And whereas it is expedient that the same should be rectified For Remedy whereof, May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That upon Payment, on or before the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, of the full Rate or Duty payable in tefpeft of any such Indenture, or on the Production at the Head Office of Stamps of any such Indentures of Apprenticeship where the same shall have been stamped with any Sump of a higher Value though of a different Denomination than is required by Law, every such Indenture shall, on being tendered at the proper Place in the Stamp Office where such Indentures are stamped, during the Time of Office Hours, be stamped with the proper Stamp for such Indentures, without the Payment of any Penalty whatever; and every such Indenture being so stamped as aforesaid with the proper Stamp (whether the same shall be so stamped during the Time mentioned in any such Indenture, or after the Expiration thereof) shall thereupon be good, valid, and available in Law and Equity, and shall be binding upon all the Parties thereto, and shall be deemed to have been in full Force from the Execution thereof, and shall and may be given in Evidence in any Court or Courts whatsoever, and the several Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants, therein respectively named, shall be capable of following and exercising their respective intended Profession, Tratte, Employment, or 13uliness, as fully as if the said Indenture had been properly stamped at or after the Execution thereof; and all and every Person or Persons who hath or have incurred any Penalty or Forfeiture by any such Neglect or Omissionas aforesaid, shall be acquitted and discharged of and from, and indemnified against the same, except only in such Cases where any Prosecution shall be now depending; any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. And whereas by an Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, certain Stamp Duties were granted upon every Copy purporting to be a true Copy, or attested to be a true Copy, of any Indenture, Leaie, or other Deed, or any Part thereof, for the Security or Use of any Person other than the Person having or being entitled to the Custody of such Indenture, Lease, or other Deed 1 And whereas by an Act, parted in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend several Laws relating to the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, the said Stamp Duties were repealed as to certain Copies in the said Act described, and other Duties granted in lieu thereof: And whereas it would greatly tend to increase the Number of Copies of Indentures, Leases, and other Deeds liable to .4 the said Duties, if the same were allowed to be stamped after the ingrossing, writing, or printing thereof, to the great Increase of the said Stamp Duties thereon be it therefore enacted, That in case any Copy, purporting to be a true Copy, or attested to be a true Copy, of any Indenture, Lease, or other Deed, and liable to either of the Duties granted by either of the said recited Acts, shall, within sixty Days after the Date of the Attestation of such Copy, be brought to the Head Office of the said Commissioners of Stamps to be stamped with either of the said Duties, according to the Nature and Description of such Copy, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised to cause the same to be stamped with the proper Stamp, upon Payment of the Duty only, and without any Penalty whatsoever.

---

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act to continue, until the fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred and one, and amend, an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for continuing several Acts for the Encouragement of the British Fisheries.

[28th July 1800.]

'WHEREAS an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament,

[39 Geo. 3. c. 100.]

intituled, An Act to revive and continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to continue and amend an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries, and to

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 85, 86. 413

'amend an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for extending the Fisheries, and improving the Sea Coasts of this Kingdom, will expire at the End of the present Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be further continued; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Recited Act shall continue in force till April 5, 1801.]

That the said Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, and all the Powers and Provisions therein contained, shall continue and be in force until the fifth Day of April owe thousand eight hundred and one.

---

[The Fishers and Curets of Fish« in the Isle of Man shall be entitled to the additional Bounty of is. granted by 35. Geo. 3. c. 56. a 3 ] for every Barrel of Herrings landed in that Kland, to be paid out of the Surplusage of the Customs there, in Manner directed by a6 Geo. 3. c. 81* [§ 33. &c.]]

II. And whereas by an Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Ma- jtfljj intituled, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries," an additional Bounty of one blidling per Barrel was directed to be paid for all Herrings which should be landed from any Boat or Vessel not entitled to the Bounty of twenty Shillings person, but entitled to the Bounty of one Shilling per Barrel, granted by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of British Fisheries r And whereas Doubts have arisen whether Fishers and Curers of FiPn, residing in the* ljle of Man, are entitled to the Benefits of the said additional BountyJ be it hereby enacted, That^from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance thereof, the said Fiflbers and Curers of Fish, residing in the said Island, shall have and receive the said last mentioned additional Bounty for all Herrings landed in the said Island, in like Manner as Fish Curers residing in Great Britain are entitled to receive such Bounty for Herrings landed in Great Britain: Provided always, That in every such Case the said additional Bounty shall be payable and paid out of the Surplusage of the annual Customs of the said Island, in such Manner as is prescribed and directed by the said Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and not otherways.

---

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act for the better Preservation of Timber in the New Forest, in the County of Southampton; and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same.

[28th July 1800.]

---

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the increase and Preservation of Timber in the New Forest, in the County of Southampton, divets Provisions and Regulations were made for preserving and increasing the Growth of Timber in the said Forest; but notwithstanding the said Act, the Timber and Woods in the said Forest have not been properly preserved, and many Trespasses are frequently committed therein; and it is expedient that feme further Provisions and Regulations should be made for preventing the same, and for preserving the Growth of the Timber and Woods in the said Forest: And whereas the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of his Majesty's Subjects within the same, are in some Parts disputed, and in other Parts are not clearly ascertained and distinguished, and several Purpreftures, Encroachments, and Trespasses have been made on the Soil of his Majesty within the Boundaries of the said Forest / for Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the*Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty to issue or cause to be issued, one or more Commission or Commissions under the Great Seal of Great Britain, and thereby to appoint Nathaniel Bond Esquire, one of his Majesty's Council leirned in the Law, John Lens Esquire, Serjeant at Law, and James Burrough Esquire, Barrister at Law, to be Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, and to authorise and empower the said Commissioners so to be appointed, or any two or them, to ascertain and distinguish the Boundaries of the said Forest called the New Forest, and of the Lands of his Majesty's Subjects within the same, and to enquire of Purpreftures, Encroachments, and Trespasses on the Soil of his Majesty within the Boundaries of the said Forest; and the said Commissioners, or any two of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to meet at such Time, and at such Place within the said County of Southampton, as they or any two of them shall appoint, and then and there to proceed in a summary way, and by the Testimony of Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath any one of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer,) and by the Inspection and Examination of Records, Deeds, and Writings, or by any other legal Proof or Evidence, to enquire of and ascertain the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands and Grounds belonging to his Majesty within the same, and the Boundaries between Lands belonging to his Majesty and Lands of any of his Majesty's Subjects, and in like Manner to enquire of and examine all Claims or Titles that shall or may be made to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be claimed on Behalf of his Majesty as Purpreftures, Encroachments, or TrefjMes in or imonthe Soil of his Majesty within the said Forest.

II. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners, in ascertaining and settling the Matters aforesaid, shall find any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Boundary, to be in Dispute between his Majesty and any other Person or Persons, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to receive Propofols, from the Person and Persons claiming against his Majesty, for compromising such Dispute; and if the said Commissioners shall approve of the Compromise proposed, and the Value of so much of the Matter in Pifpute, as shall not be proposed by such Compromise to be yielded to his Majesty, shall not in the Judgment the said Commissioners execed the Sum of one thousand Pounds, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners,

9 and 10 Gul.3. c. 36. recited.

His Majesty may appoint Commissioners to ascertain and distinguish the Boundaries of the New Fortft, and of the Landsof his Majesty and hit Subjects within the same, andco esquire of PtH> on-ftures, &u

The Commissioners may compromise Disputes where the Value of so much of the Matter in Dispute, as fl.ail not be pioj'ofed-

414 C. 86. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

tiis Majesty shall not exceed vooool hut if it exceed that Sum, they shall transmit a Re-|K>rt 01 the Mat-tv r to the Treasury, with their Opinion j and ifthv pro. posed Compro-mist be approved, they may settle the Matter accordingly.

to be yielded to missioners, and they are hereby authorised to compromize such Dispute on Behalf of his Majesty, and to f"c settle and fix the Matter in Difpure accordingly by Writing under their Hands and Seals 5 which Writii$

shall be inrolled in Manner herein after directed, and shall be binding and Conclusive on his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and on the Party or Parties proposing such Compromde, and all Pt rfons claiming undet them: but if the Matter in Dispute shall be of greater Value than the Sum of onethoulind Pounds beyond the Value of what shall be proposed tc^be yielded to his Majesty, then the said Commissioners shall, as (oon as conveniently may be, prepare and make a Report of the Matter so in Dispute, and of the Value thereof, and also of the Proposals which shall have been made to them for conlpromiling the same, and shall transmit such Report to the Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Commissioner^ of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, together with their Opinion whether such Proposals for compromise ought to be accepted or refused, or whether the Matter ought to be other wise disposed of 5 dnd if the said Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of his Majesty*5 Treasury, shall signify their Approbation of the Compromise proposed, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, to accept such Terms of Compromise, and to settle and fix the Matters in Dispute accordingly, in the Manner hereinbefore directed with respect to such cases, in which tliv said Commissioners are hereby authorised to accept Terms of Compromise without making any such previous Reports as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That if the Person or Persons claiming any Matter in Dispute as aforesaid shall not make any Proposal to the said Commissioners for settling such Dispute, or in case a Proposal for such Purpose shall be rhade which shall not be approved and accepted as aforesaid, then and in any of the said Cases the said Commissioners shall proceed to ascertain, as far as they shall be able, the Rights of his Majesty in the Matters so in Dispute; and in case the Person or Persons claiming against his Majesty shall signify his or their Submission that the Matters so in Dispute shall be settled by the Award of the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners not only to proceed to examine the Matters in Dispute, and to receive such Evidence as the Nature of the Case shall admit, but also thereupon to decide upon the Rights of such Person or Persons, and of his Majesty respectively, and such Commissioners shall make their Award accordingly, in Writing under their Hands and Seals, to be inrolled as herein after mentioned, and such Decision shall in such Cases be final; and if the Parties shall not think fit to submit to the Judgment of the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to direct any Matter which they shall be unable otherwise to adjust and settle between the several Claimants and his Majesty, to be tried in an Action or Actions in his Majesty*? Court of Exchequer at Westminster, upon any feigned issue orlffue5,to be settled by the said Court, in case there should be any Difference about the same, or by any Suit or Sulks in Equity in the Court of Exchequer Chamber, or by making Entries or throwing open Inclosures, taking down Fences or removing Obstructions, or by any other lawful Way$ or Means as the said Commissionert shall think fit, and best adapted to produce a fair and speedy Decision of the Matters so in Dispute as aforesaid 5 and if any Person or Persons cl aiming against his Majesty, shall be desirous of trying his or their Rights in an Action at Law, or upon a feigned issue or Issues, and shall signify his or their Intention so to do to the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful to make the said Commissioners Defendants in such Action or issue for that Purpose; and the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to appear to such Action, and defend the same in their own Names, and to accept a Declaration and plead to Issue therein: Provided always, That the Venue in such Action or issue, shall be laid in the County of SsuOximptan^ and that the Plaintiff therein shall proceed in such Action so as that the same may be tried at the first or second Assizes to be holden for the said County next after the Defendants therein shall have pleaded to issue.

laid in the County of Southampton, and shall be tried at th6 first or second Assizes after the Defendants shall have pleaded to issue#

Jf a Cla’mant shall not make any Proposal, or a Proposal shall Hot be approved, the Commissioners shall ascertain the Rights of his Majesty; and if a Claimant shall signify his Submission to the Matter being settled by their ’'Award, their Decision (in-tolled as directed by 10. fc/f.) shall be final. Where Parties shall not submit to the Judgment of the Commissioners, the Matter may be tried in the Court of Exchequer, &c.

In Afliom the Venue shall be

If Timber, &c. not exceeding the Value of loocl. be standing upon any Lands in Dispute, the Commissioneri may a;rec with the Claimant for the Application thereof, though the famr, wit.a

IV. And be it further etiaded, That in case any Timber, or other Trees or Wood, not exceeding the Value of one thousand Pounds, shall be (landing or being on any Lands in Dispute between his Majesty and any other Person or Persons, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to receiveLPropofals from the Person or Persons claiming against his Majesty,- for the Disposition or Application of such Timber, or other Tree or Wood, not exceeding the Value aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners on the Behalf of his Majesty, to enter into any Agreement with such Person or Persons for the felling, cutting down, Disposition and Application of such Timber, and other Trees and Wood, although the same, together with the Land whereon, the same shall be (landing, shall exceed the Value of one thousand Pounds; which Agreement, so to be made by the said Commissioners on Behalf of his Majesty, shall be binding on him, his Heirs and Successors.

the Land, Hull exceed that Value.

Corporations, Trustees,' «&c. may com promise Dispute* ^ith the Commissioners.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful fot all Bodies Politick, and Corporations Aggre-gatoor Sole, and ali Trustees for charitable or publick Purposes, and all Husbands on Behalf of their Wives, and all Committees of Lunaticks, and all Guardians of Infants, and all Persons having Authority to act for Persons incapable of acting for themselves, to make Proposals to the said Commissioner$ for compromising any Dispute between his Majesty and such Bodies Politick, Corporations, Trustees, married Women, Lunaticks, Infants, and other Persons incapable of acting for themselves, respecting any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within or adjoining to the said Forest, or any Timber or other Trees or Wood (landing or growing thereon, and to compromise all or any of such Disputes with the said Commissionerf on Behalf of his Majesty; and every such Compromise, if made, shall be binding and conclusive on all such Bodies Politick and Corporations, and all Persons having any beneficial Interest in any such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Timber, 'Frees, and 'Wood, held in Trust, and all such married Women, Lunaticks, Infants, and other Persons incapable of acting for themselves, in such and the same

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. *. C. 86.

Manner as if the Persons making such Compromise had been seised in Fee Simpleof and entitled to such Lands, Tenements., or Hereditaments, Timber, Trees, and Wood, for his and their ownUfeand Benefit respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Timber Trees hereby authorised tube cut down for the Purpose of any such Compromise as aforesaid, shall be claimed in respe.it of any Land belonging to any, Corporation, Trustees, or Feoffees, or other Persons who foal) not be entitled to cut down Timber, then and in such Case so much of such Timber Trees as shall be considered by the said Commissioners as to be allotted to such Corporation, Trustees, Feoffees, or other Persons not entitled to cut Timber as aforesaid, shall be sold by or under the Direction of the said Commissioners, or any two of them, in such Manner as they shall appoint, and the Money arising from such Sale shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be inverted in the Purchase of Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed in and settled upon, and subject to the like Uses, Trusts, and Limitations as the Lands, in respect whereof such Timber Trees shall be claimed, were settled or limited; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase can be made, such Money shall be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte the said Commissioners, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon Application, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons claiming an Interest in such Timber Trees, either in or towards the Purchase of Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of Debts or Incumbrances affecting Lands or Hereditaments settled to the same Uses to which the Lands in respect of which such Timber shall be claimed shall be settled; or until the fauv* shall, upon the like Application, in a summary Way, be laid out by Order of the said Court, in the Purchase of Lands or Hereditaments to be settled as aforesaid; and in the mean Time, and until such Oder can be made, such Money may, by Order of the said Court, be laid out in some of the publick Funds, or on Government or Real Securities, and the Dividends or Interest arising therefrom itjall, by Order of the said Court, be paid to such Person or Persons as would, for the Time heing, be entitled to the Rents and Profits of such. Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so to be purchased, conveyed, and settled.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners shall find that any Land within the said Forest, which shall appear to them to belong to his Majesty, hath been for fifteen Years or more inclosed and enjoyed by the Persons in Possession thereof, or those under whom they claim, without any Interruption by or on the part of his Majesty, and that such Lands have been considerably improved since the Ificlosure thereof, at the Expence of the Persons in Possession thereof, or those under whom they claim, and if the Person or Persons in Posseilioi) of inch Land, or claiming Title thereto, shall signify a Desire to accept a Leak thereof from his Majesty, upon reasonable Terms, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they shall be of Opinion that the Continuance of such indofures will not be prejudicial to the Growth, Increase, or Prefi Fvation of the Timber Trees and Wood in the said Forest, to order and direct that such Lands shall continue incited, and shall bedemifed for such Term of Years as shall appear to the said Commissioners a reasonable Compensation for the Expence of Improvement; but nevertheless upon Payment of fijeh annual Rent or Rents to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as the said Commissioners shall in their Judgment think proper and reasonable; and a Lease shall be made accordingly, without any Fine, Foe, or Reward to be pa d for the same and such Leaf? shall not be subjift to any Stamp Duty :'But if in any such Case the said Commissioners shall order or direct any such Inclosure to be thrown open, and at the same Time shall be of Opinion that a Compensation ought to be made to the Person or Persons in Poss-ffion thereof, or claiming Title thereto, for the Improvements made thereon, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners toafeertam the Compensation which in their Opinion ought to be made for the same, although it shall appear to the said Commissioners that the said Inclosure was originally a Trespass on the Soi£of his Majesty, and made without any lawful Authority, and the Compensation which the said Commissioners (half so direct to be made, shall be paid out of the first Money which shall be raised by Sale of Timber and Wood within the said forest.

VIII. ‘And to th* Intent that no Person may have any just Cause or Pretence for. not appearing be-‘ fore the said at their Meetings, to be held for the Purpose of carrying this Act.into Execution,* be it further enacted, Thai the said Commissioners shall give publick Notice of the Time and Place of every intended Meeting, by Publication of such Notice fourteen Days at lead before such Meeting, in the London Gazette, and in two or more publick Newspapersnub<ished daily in Londonor Westminster, and in two or more of the publick Newspapers published in the said County of Southampton, and in one or more of the publick Newspapers published in the County of Wilts: Provided always, That the said Commissioners, or any one of them, shall and may, from Time to Time, adjourn their Meetings to any future Day, and to any Place within the said County of Southampton* as they (bail think proper, and meet accordingly, without giving any publick Notice thereof in any Newspaper.

IX. And be it further enacted, That any two of the Commissioners so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall have full Power and Authority to appoint and hold Meetings for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution; and that at all Meetings of the said Commissioners under the Authority of this Act, or the said Commission or Commissions, the major Part of the Commissioners then present shall have full Power and Authority to do, exercise, and perform all such Acts, Powers, Autnorr.ies, Matters, and Things, as in and by this Act, or the said Commission or Commissions to be issued in pursuance thereof, are or shall be directed, authorised, or empowered to be done, exercised, or performed by the said Commissioners.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners acting under the said Commission, shall and they are hereby required to cause all their Enquiries* Exarainations^and Proceedings under this Act, to

be

Timber Trees cut fiown and allotted to Corporations, See. not entitled* to cut Timber* shall be sold urder the Direction of the Commissioners,* and the Money (if amounting to zcoi,) be in* vetted in Land-to be settled to the same Uses as the Land in respect of which the Timber is claimed. See.; and till such investment* the Money shall be paid into the Bank, &c.

If the Commissioners shall find any Land belonging to his Majesty which has been for 15 Years inclosed,^ and enjoyed without Interruption, and which has been improved, they* may grant a Leaf? thereof: But if they shall direct the Inclosure to be thrown open, they may direct a Compensation to be made for the Improvements.

The Commissioners shall give Notice of their Meetings* in the London Gazette, and certain Newspapers. Adjourned Meetings may be held without public Notice.

Two Commissioners may appoint and hold Meetings, and the Majority present majr do all Acts.

The Proceedings of the Commissioners'

416 C. 86. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

shall be cn-

be fairly entered in Books to be kept for that Purpose; all which Books, duly signed and certified by the tertd in Bucks, said Commissioners, or any two or them, shall be returned into the Office of the Auditor of the Land Re-rclurmdlll| venue> there to remain and be kept; and all Contrafts and Agreements by.Way of Comprpmifeor other- the Uomce«f wife, under the Authority of this Act, shall be inrolled, by Warrant signed by one or more of the said the Alitor of Commissioners, with the Auditor of the Land Revenue, the Land Revenue, and ail Contrafts be enrolled there.

If Boundaries cannot be afeer-taintd by fufli-cient Marks or Descriptions in Writing, the Commissioners shall cause them tote marked with Stones placed at proper Distances. Penalty on Per-/bns puHing up such Stones or defacing the Marks thereon, from 101. to 40 s.

[See i *4- *7-] When the Co turn. Hioners shall have ascertained the Boundaries, they shall cause a Map to be made, in which the Boundaries of the Forest and the Lands therein belonging to his Ma-je/fy shall be distinguished, as also the Lands of other Persons as far as Land Revenue.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Boundaries of the said Forest, or of any of the Lands of the Crown within the same, shall be so situate that the said Commissioners shall not be able fully to ascertain them by permanent, plain, and sufficient Marks, or Descriptions in Writing, so that the same may thereby be fully known at all Times, the said Commissioners shall cause all such Boundaries to be marked with Stones, to be placed at proper Distances from each other; and if the Land whereon such Boundary Stones shall be placed shall not be the Soil of the Crown, although within the Boundaries of the said Forest, shall cause the Letters N- F. in large Roman Characters, and the Date of the Year in which such Stones shall be put up, and also a Number (in numerical Order) to be cut or engraven on each of the said Stones; and if the Land whereon such Boundary Stones shall be placed shall be Land of the Crown, the Letters C. L. N. F. in large Roman Characters, shall be cut or engraven on such Stones: and if any Person shall wilfully or wantonly pull up, break down, remove, or damage any of the said Mark Stones, or destroy, spoil, or deface any of the Letters, or other Marks engraven or cut thereon by Order of the said Commissioners, such Person shall be guilty of an Offence, and mail for every such Offence, being lawfully convicted thereof, forfeit and lose any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds nor le£ than forty Shillings; to here-covered and applied in Manner herein after mentioned*.

XII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Commissioners shall have ascertained and settled the Boundaries of the said Forest, and the Lands within the same which belong to his Majesty, they shall cause a Map or Plan to be made of the said Forest, in which Map or Plan, the Boundaries of the said Forest, and the Lands within the same belonging to his Majesty, as ascertained and settled.by the said Commissioners, shall be accurately and distinctly marked, set out, and distinguished, and the Lands within the Bounds of the said Forest belonging to other Persons, shall also be marked and disti»guished in the said Map or Plan, so far as the said Commissioners shall be able to ascertain the same; and the said Commissioners shall cause two Parts, to be made of such Map or Plan, and they or any two of them shall attest and certify the Truth and Accuracy of both such Parts, by signing their Names thereto; and one Part of the said Map or Plan so certified by the said Commissioners, or any two of them, shall be transmitted by them to the Steward of the said Forest, or his Under Steward, to be deposited amongst and kept with the Records of the Court of Attachments of the said Forest, held at Lyndhurst in the said County of Southampton^ and the other Part of the said Map or Plan, certified as aforesaid, shall be transmitted to the Auditor of the Land Revenue, to be kept in his Office.

can be ascertained; and one certified Copy shall be transmitted to the Steward of the Forest, and the other to the Auditor of the

The Commissioners on Request shall certify in what Manner dif-puted Boundaries shall have been settled, and return such Certificate to the Auditor of

XIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Commissioners shall have ascertained and settled the Boundaries of any Part of the said Forest, or of any Lands within the same, which have been disputed, they shall, if requested so to do by any Person or Persons interested therein, certify in Writing under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of two of them, in what Manner such disputed Boundaries shall have been so ascertained and settled, and return such Certificate to the Auditor of the Laid Revenue, to be filed in his Office, and shall also, at the Request of any Person or Persons so interested, deliver a Copy of such Certificate to such Person or Persons, he, she, or they paying for the same, to the Clerk of the said Commissioners, at and after the Rate of three Pence per Sheet and no more.

the Land Revenue, and also deliver a Copy to the Party interested, he paying for the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That after the said Map or Plan of the said Forest shall have been made and completed, and one Part thereof, signed and certified by the said Commissioners, shall have been deposited amongst the Records of the said Court of Attachments of the said Forest as aforesaid, all unlawful Inclosures, Purpreftures, Encroachments, and Trespasses whatsoever within the said Forest, shall and may be enquired of by the Verderers of the said Forest, in the Court of Attachments of the said Forest; and the Person or Persons guilty of any such Inclosure, Purprefture, Encroachment, or Trespass, shall and may be prosecuted for the lame in the said Court, and upon Proof being made thereof by the Oath of one credible Witness, the Verderers of the said Forest, or any two of them present at the said Court, shall have Power, and they are hereby authorised, to fine any Person or Persons so offending, for every such Offence, in any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied in the Manner herein after provided for; and to order and direct every such Inclosure, Purprefture, Encroachment, and Trespass, to be abated by the Regarded, Under Keepers, or other Officers of the said Forest, who shall abate the same accordingly.

If any Qjitftion Hull axife re-Iptfting the boundaries of elje Forest &c. liiey shall tr

XV. And be it further enacted, That after the said Map or Plan shall have been made and completed, and one Part thereof, signed and certified by the said Commissioners, shall have been deposited amongst tW Records of the said Court of Attachments of the said Forest as aforesaid, if any Question shall arise orbe made respecting the Boundaries of the said Forest or any Part thereof* or whether any Piece or Parcel of

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 86. 417

Land is within the said Forest, or whether any Piece or Parcel of Land being within the said Forest belongs to his Majesty, or to any Person or Persons claiming against him, all such Questions shall be tried and decided by the said Map or Plan, and either Part thereof being produced shall be admitted and received in all Actions, Suits, and Proceedings, brought, commenced, or had in any Court of Law or Equity, or before any Justice of the Peace or other summary Jurisdiction, as cfonclusive Evidence of the Boundaries of the said Forest and of the local Situation of such Lands, as to the said Forest and the Right of Property to or in the same as between his Majesty and any of his Majesty's Subjects.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if after the said Map or Plan shall have been made and completed, and one Part thereof shall have been deposited as aforesaid, any Order shall be made by the Verderers,*at any Court of Attachments or Swainmote Court to be holden for the said Forest, for the Abatement of any unlawful Inclosure, and pulling down the Fences thereof, or for pulling down any Building or EreSion thereon, by the proper Officer or Officers of the said Court or Forest, if any Person or Persons shall retain, or attempt to retain, the possession of any such Inclosure or Building so ordered to be thrown open or taken down by the said Court, or again to inclose any Land so ordered to be, and actually thrown open, or again to set up-or erect any Fence or Building ordered to be, and actually pulled down, removed, or abated, or shall obstrudi, oppose, or moled: any Officer of the said Court or Forest in throwing open any such Inclosure, or in pulling down, removing, or abating any Fence, Building, or Eredfcion, pursuant to any such Order, such Person or Persons shall be guilty of an Offence, and shall and may be prosecuted for every such Offence by Indictment or Information, and being thereof duly convicted, shall and may be punched for the (kme by Fine or Imprisonment at the Discretion of the Court before whom he or they shall be tried.

be prosecuted by Indictment or Information, and punished by Fine or Imprisonment, at the Discretion of the Court before

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Verderers of the said Forest, or any two of them, at any Court of Attachments holden for the said Forest, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of them, or any two of them, to nominate and appoint any Person or Persons to be the Officer or Officers of the said Court and Forest, for the Purpose of executing the Judgments and Orders of the said Court from Time to Time given and made; and the Person or Persons to appointed shall, during the Time mentioned in such Warrants, or until the same be recalled, or their Appointment revoked by the Officer or Officers of the said Court and Forest, have full Power and Authority to execute the Judgments and Orders of the said Court within the said Forest, in such and the same Manner, and by such and the same Means, as any Constable or other Peace Officer can or may by Law execute the Warrant of any Justice of the Peace, for any County; and the said Verderers, or any two of them, shall and n>ay fix and allow proper Fees to be paid to or taken by such Officer or Officers, as the said Ver-dcrers shall in their Discretion think fit.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Under Forester and Groom Keeper of the said Forest shall, within the Space of one Calendar Month next before the holding of the first Court of Attachments in each Year and within a reasonable Time before the holding any other Court of Attachments for the said Forest, carefully survey such Part thereof as lies or is situate within his Walk, and take an Account of all Inclosures, Purpreftures, Encroachments, and Trespasses whatever, made, done, or committed within the same fmee the preceding Survey of the same Walk, or which were not noticed in such preceding Survey; and every such Under Forester and Groom Keeper shall, at every Court of Attachments holden forihe said Forest, make and deliver to the Verderers thereof then present, a true Returp and Presentment of all the Inclosures, Purpreftures, Encroachments, and Trespasses which such Under Forester of Groom Keeper shall find to have been made, done, or committed within his Walk (ince the last Survey of the same Walk, or which he shall not have returned or presented at the preceding or some former Court, or which, having been made before such last Survey, (half not have been abated, and at what Time or Times, and in what Particular Part or Parts of the Walk, and by whom, all such Inclosures, Purpreftures, Encroachments, and Trespasses have been made, done, or committed, so far as such Under Forester or Groom Keeper hath been able to ascertain the same; and every such Under Forester or Groom Keeper shall at the Time of making or delivering in his said Return or Preferment, make Oath before the said Verderers (which Oath they or any one of them is hereby authorised to administer) that, to the best of his Knowledge, Information, and Belief, no Inclosure, Purprefture, Encroachment, or Trespass, hath been made, done, or committed, or then exists, within his Walk, other thaw such as are contained and described in the Return or Presentment then made, and delivered in by him, or made or delivered in at the preceding or some former Court. specifying the Time at which the same was held.

XIX. And whereas the quantity of Land which hath been inclosed for the planting of Timber Trees under the Authority of the said Act of the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty King 4 tVUliam^Aoi\\ net amount to more than three thousand three hundred Acres; and it would probably be highly 4 'advantageous to the Growth of "Limber in the said Forest, if a proper Quantity of Land were inclosed and cultivated for the Purpose of supplying the Deer of the said Forest with Food during the Winter Seafoo, in order to prevent the Destruction of Timber by the cutting of Browse Wood; and that, after 4 a Time to be limited, the Practice of cutting Browse Wood should be wholly abolished Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful lor his Majesty to eaule such Quantities of Land within the said Forest as his Majesty shall think fit, not exceeding in the Whole four hundred Acres, to be inclosed and perpetually pre-served for the Purpose of producing Hay for the Use of the Deer kept within the said Forest; which Land so to be inclosed shall be deemed and taken to be Part of the Land authorised to be inclosed by the said Act

39 & 40 Geo. III. 3 H of

decided by the Map, which shall be a Emitted as conclusive Evidence.

If any Person shall retain Pof-session of any Inclosure or Building ordered to be thrown open or' taken down by the Court of Attachments, or again inclose such Land or set up such Building, or shall obflrucl any Officer inforcing fuel 1 Order, he shall which he is tried.

1 he Verderers at any Court of Attachments may appoint Officers for executing the Or*-ders of the Court, who shall have the Authority of Peace Officers. The Verderer* may fix the Fees to be taken by the Officers. Under Foref-ters and Groom Keepers shall, before the holding of Courts of Attachments* survey such Parts of the Forest as lie within their Walks, and take an Account of ail Inclosures, &c. (ince their last Survey, and shall deliver to the Verdereta at the Court Presentments of Jndofures, tec and make Oath as to certain Particulars.

Not more than 3300 Acres of Land inclosed for planting Timber Trees under Authority of Adf of. 9 and lo Gui. 3* c. 36

His Majesty may cause 400 Acres cl Land within the Forest 40 It

418 C. 86. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii UK A.D. 1800.

of the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William, notwithstanding the dune shall be cultivated and used for the Production of Hay as aforesaid; and the same shall be continually kept in his Majesty's - Hands, for the Purpose of producing Hay for the Deer, and shall not be let or occupied in any other Manner, or for any other Purpose; and such Land so to be inclosed shall be taken in such Parcels and in such Places as shall be found to be most convenient to be inclosed, and to be most fit for the Purpose, and which may be spared from the Commons and Highways of the County.

inclosed for producing Hay for the Deer, which shall be deemed Fait of the Land authorised to be inclostd by recited Act, and shall be cominuaiJy kept in his Majesty's Hands for that Purpose.

The Under

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Under Foresters or Groom Keepers of the several Walks

Fortners or within the said Forest shall, at every Court of Attachments or Swainmote Court holden for the said Forest fondiree Year? for Space of three Years after the passing of this Act, deliver to the Verderers of the said Forest, at after pairing this the first Attachment Court in each Year, an Account in Writing of the Number or Head of Deer then Act, lha 11 deli- being within their respective Walks, and of the-Quantity of Browle Wood which will be wanted for the Use

vertothe Vcr- of the said Deer for the ensuing Season, and in what Places or Parts of the said Forest they the said Under #wvAatthC Foresters or Groom Keepers propose to take the said Browse Wood; and the said Court, upon examin* ment Court in *n£ l^c Accounts and Propofols, and also the said Under Foresters or Groom Keepers, (if it shall bethought each Year, an necessary or expedient so to do), shall assign and set out, and make Orders in Writing respecting the Quantity Account of the of Browse Wood to be taken and cut by each of the said Under Foresters or Groom Keepers, for the Use Number of of the Deer within his Walk for the ensuing Season, and the particular Kind of Wood to be taken (or Dccrwithin Browse, and the particular Part or Place within the said Forest from which the same shall be taken; and Walks &c. 1VC from and a^cer l^e Expiration of the said Term of three Years.after the passing of this Act, no Wood shall and the Court, be cut for Browse under any Authority or Pretence whatever; and if, during the said Term of three if thought ex- Years, any Under Forester or Groom Keeper shall cut or take, or cause or procure to be cut or pedienr, shall taken, any Limb or Branch of any Tree, or any other Wood within the said Forest, which, either in* Q-ua, tity» Kind, or Locality, shall not have been assigned or fat out and ordered by the said Court to be Browf/wood taken or cut by such Under Foreller or Groom Keeper as Brow fe Wood for the Use of the Deer within to be cut by his Walk, or shall fell, or in any Manner apply to his own Use or Benefit, any Wood assigned or set e*ch for the out as aforesaid to be taken or cut for Browle Wood, or if, after the Expiration of the said Term of ensuing Season; three Years, any such Under Forester or Groom Keeper shall cut or take any Wood or Browse Wood said three Years under Authority or Pretence whatever, every such Under Forester or Groom Keeper shall be deemed iw BrowfeYVood and taken to offend against this Act, and being thereof lawfully conri&ed by or in the said Court, he shall shall be cut. fof every such Offence forfeit and be deprived of his Office of Under Forester or’Groom Keeper, and if during that every other Office which he shall have within the said Forest, or in the Courts thereof: Provided always, Term any Un* That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, or the Person entitled to appoint to the Office of Under Groom Keeper E°restefo Groom Keeper, or other Office so forfeited, to re-appoint or restore such Under Forester shall cut or take or Groom Keeper to such Office, if his Majesty or the Person entitled to the Appointment shall thint*

any Wood not fit, so assigned, or shall apply to his own Use any Wood so aligned, or after that Term shall cut or take any Wood or Btt>wfe Wood, he shall forfeit every Office within the Forest or the Courts thereof. His Majesty, fee. may re appoint the Offender to his Office.

While Browse

XXI. And be it further enacted, That during so long Time as Browse Wood shall be allowed to be cut Wood shall he or under the Authority of this Act, every Under Forester or Groom Keeper of the said Forest shall, cut'every Un- at every Court of Attachments holden for the said Forest, make and deliver in to the Verderers then pre-de/ Forester or sent, upon Gath to be administered by one of such Verderers, a true Return and Account of all the Wood Gioom Keeper cut or taken by such Under Forester or Groom Keeper as Browse Wood for the Deer within his Walk, shall at every since the holding of the preceding Court of Attachments, and the Quantities and Kinds thereof, and in Court of At- what particular Parts of the said Forest the same was cut or taken, and whether ^any and what Quantity

w toVhe dtIi" ^e ^ood assigned or let out, and ordered or allowed by or at such preceding Court to be cut or taken Vewkrers »n by him as Browse Wood, remains uncut or not actually taken* consumed, or used for that Purpose, and

Account of the where the same isfituate; and if any Under Forester or Groom Keeper, shall refuse or neglect to make

Browse Wood and deliver in such Return and Account at every such Court of Attachments, or shall fraudulently or

cut and taken wilfully make or deliver in any faife or untrue Return or Account of such Browse Wood, he shall, for every

the preceding such Offence, being thereof duly convicted by or in the said Court of Attachments, forfeit and lose any

Court, fed Sum not exceeding the Sum of twenty Pounds j to be recovered and applied in Manner herein after

Penalty not ex* directed.

cecding ao 1. for neglecting to make such Return, or for making a false one.

If any Forester, fee. shall unlawfully cut down, top, browse, fee. any Tree, fee. he shall for the first Offence forfeit his Offices, but may be restored; and for a ft cond Offence Gull

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Forester, Keeper, Under Keeper, or other Officer of the said Forest, or any other Person, shall at any Time after the passing of this Act, unlawfully cut down, top, lop, or browse, or wilfully destroy, spoil, or damage, any Tree or any Branch or Limb thereof, or any Hawthorn or Whitethorn, or other Wood or Shrub within the said Forest, such Forester, Under Keeper, and other Officer or Person. shall for every such Offence, being thereof lawfully convicted by or in the Court of Attachments for the said Forest, forfeit and be deprived of all and every Offices and Office which he shall have or hold within the said Forest, or in the Courts thereof; but neverthelefe he shall be capable of being re-appointed or restored to his Offices by his Majesty, or such other Person as herein-before mentioned; and in case any such Forester, Keeper, or other Officer, having been convicted of any such Offence is aforesaid, shall be again convicted of such Offence, he shall forfeit and lofc any Sum not exceeding the Sum of

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 86. 419

twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied in Manner herein after directed; and shall also forfeit and be not deprived of all and every Offices and Office which he shall have or hold within the said Forest or in the ^d^his Offices. Courts thereof, and shall be incapable of being re-appointed or restored to such Offices or any of them, or b^ineapa-

of being appointed to any other Office within the said Forest, or in the Courts thereof, or in any Manner

blc of holding

relating thereto. any office

within the Forest or the Courts thereof.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Verderers of the said Forest, or any of them, at any Court of Attachments to be holden for the said Forest, to enquire into the Conduct and Behaviour of the Under Foresters and Groom Keepers of the said Forest in their said Offices; and if the said Verderers shall find that any Under Forester or Groom Keeper hath wilfully given or delivered in to the Verderers of the said Forest any untrue Return or Presentment, or hath concealed or wilfully omitted to insert in such Return or Presentment any Inclosure, Purprefture, Encroachment, or other Trespass which ought to have been described or noticed therein, or hath wilfully and without good Cause neglected to make such Survey of his Walk as herein-before directed, or hath bten guilty of any wilful Neglect, in the Care of the Timber or other Trees, Woods, Thorns, or Buffies, situate within his Walk, or in any other Re* spect hath wilfully omitted or neglected to perform the Duty of his Office, it shall be lawful for the Verderers of the said Forest, or any two of them (having due Proof made before them on Oath of any such wilful Act, Neglect, Omission or Default), and they are hereby authorised, to set and impose a Fine, not exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds, on such Under Forester or Groom FCeeper, for every such his wilful Act, Neglect, Omission, or Default, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned; and for the second Offence, such U-der Forester or Groom Keeper shall forfeit and be deprived of his Office, and shall not at any Time afterwards be restored to such Office, unless the Verderers of the said Forest, or any two of them, shall, by Order to be made by them at a Court of Attachments of the said Forest, signify that in their judgment such Under Forester or Groom Keeper may properly be re-appointed or restored to his said Office; and if any such Officer shall be again convicted of a like Offence whereby his Office shall become forfeited, he shall be incapable of being again appointed, to such Office, or of holding any Office or Employment whatsoever within the said Forest.

The Verderers at any Court of Attachments may enquire into the Con-, dudl of the Under Foresters and Groom Keepers, and for Neglect of Duty may fine them not exceeding 101, for the first Of* fence; for a second Offence they shall forfait their Offices, hut may be restored by Consent of the Verderers; but if again convicted shall be incapable of holding any Office within the Forest.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties imposed by this Act, and not herein-

before directed to be recovered before the Verderers of the said Forest, or in the said Court of Attachments, ^vcredbe&re shall and may be recovered in a summary Way before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County the v*rd«ty* of Southampton^ or for any County, Riding, Division, or Place, in which Che Person haying incurred the or in the Court same shall happen to be; and in case any Penalty recovered before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, of Attachment*, or before the Verderers of the said Forest, or any two of them, or in the said Court of Attachments, or ma^ hcrccovw. any Fine set or imposed by the said Verderers, or any two of them, or the said Court, either in pursuance of this Act, t'r of the said Act made in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty If *ny penalty King William shall not be paid forthwith, it shall be lawful for the Justice or Justices, or Verderers, or or Fine, shall the said Court by whom such Fine shall be set or imposed, or before whom such Penalty shall be recovered, not be paid, it by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, and directed by such Justice or Justices to "* any Con-lLble or or>>er Peace Officer, and by the said Verderers to the proper Officer or Officers to be and in Defeul appointed for i he i id Forest, to cause such Fine or Penalty to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Of- of Distress, the fender’s Gooch air* Chattels, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and in offenderm»y case no fufiiciem Distress can be had or made, such Justice or Justices, Verderers or Court, shall, if he or ,>c committed they shall mini: proper, commit the Offender to the Common Gaol for, or feme House of Correction ^ot5?cee1^nK, within, the said County of Southampton, or for such other County, Riding, Division, City, Town, or xom Place as aforesaid, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding six Calendar Months.

XXV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be nottt>^1?* deemed or contl rued to extend, to defeat, alter, or infringe all or any the Rights, Privileges, or Advantages u^ranyLct-which may be enjoyed or claimed under any Letters Patent granted by his said Majesty of any Bailiwick, iers Patent. Walk, or Lodge within t|>esaid Forest.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against Limitation of any Person or Persons for any Thing by him, her, or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or for three

any Cause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Ca- on 1S’. lendar Months mxt after the Matter or Thing done, and shall be laid in the proper County; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action may plead the General Illiie, and give the Special Matter in Evidence Cencrallffue, for his or their Defence; and if upon Trial a Verdict shall pals for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer, or otherwise, then such Defendant or De- Treble Costs, fondants shall have trcbleUofts awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties recovered, and all Fines imposed by virtue or in Penalties shall pursuance of this Act, or of the said Act, made in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of his said late be paid over to Majesty King Wiitiam, shall be, by the Justice or Justices, Verderers, or other Person or Persons the Steward of receiving the lame, forthwith paid over to the Steward of the said Forest, to be applied in defraying the the Forest*

420 C. 86, 87. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Expences attending the Execution of this Act, or any other Laws concerning the said Forest, as the Verde-rers of the said Forest, or any two or more of them, shall, at a Court of Attachments of the said Forest, dire#.

XXVIII. And whereas there may be in various Parts of the said Forest many small Parcels of Land belonging to or claimed by the Crown, which are intermixed with the Lands of Individuals, and are of little Value to the Crown for any Purpose of the Forest, and it may conduce to the readier and clearer marking the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of his Majesty's Subjects within the same, and to the moreeafy Care of the Rights of the Crown, as well as to the Convenience of his Majesty's Subjects, if such small Parcels of Land were alienated from the Crown ;* be it therefore enacted, That if it shall appear to the said Commissioners that any small Parcels within the said Forest, belonging to or claimed by the Crown, and intermixed with the Lands of Individuals, are not valuable to the Crown for the Purpose of raising Timber or any other Purpose of the said Forest, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised, to treat, on the Part of the Crown for the Sale of such small Parcels of Land so intermixed, and to make good and effectual Conveyances thereof for such Prices as they shall thinkjuft and reasonable, such Prices to be applied for defraying the Expences of this Act: Provided always, That the Land of the Crown so to be sold shall not exceed in Value, in any Instance, the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

The Commis-Honrri may -treat for the Sale of small Parcels of Lands belonging to or claimed by the Crown, which are intermixed with the Land of Individuals, and are not valuable for the Purpose of the Forest.

Such Land to be sold shall not exceed in any Instance the Value of 500l.

The Treasury, before the Expiration of ten Year* alter passing this Act, may contract for exchanging any Waste Lands of the Crown within the Forest, for any other Lands therein, not more than two Miles from such Wastes, fit for the Growth of Timber, or to be enclosed for producing Hay for the Deer.

Deeds for such Exchanges, with a Map of the Lands exchanged shall be enrolled in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue, &c.

Land of the Crown to be exchanged shall not exceed in

XXIX. And whereas it might also be of mutual Advantage to the Crown and to his Majesty's Sub- je£ls, if Exchanges of Land to a limited Extent should be permitted between the Crown and Owners of Land within the said Forest,* be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, at any Time before the Expiration of ten Years after the passing of this Act, to contract and agree on the Behalf of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for granting in Exchange any of the Waste Lands of the Crown within the said. Forest, for any other Lands within the said Forest, whereof such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, shall or may be seised in Fee Simple, or absolutely entitled to an Estate of Copyhold, or Customary or Leasehold Tenure, the Reversion thereof being in the Crown, and not being more than two Miles distant from the Waste belonging to the Crown, to be given in Exchange, and at the lead of equal Value to such Lands, and fit and proper for the Growth of Timber, or to be enclosed for the Purpose of producing Hay for the Deer, and conveniently situated for those Purposes respectively *, and that ail and every Exchange and Exchanges so made shall be good, valid, and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Infancy, Coverture, or other Disability in the Parties interested in such Exchange, or any Law or Statute to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; and that all Deeds for such Exchanges, toge-

!;ether with a Malp or Plan of the Lands so exchanged, shall be enrolled in the Office of the Auditor of the >and Revenue; and that from and after such Inrollment, his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in RightoC the Crown, shall be deemed and taken to be in the actual and lawful Seisin and Possession of the Lands so agreed to be taken in Exchange, and that the Party with whom such Agreement of Exchange shall be so made, shall have, hold, and enjoy the Lands and Premises so given in Exchange, as Lands within the said Forest, of the same Tenure as the Land taken in Exchange was before such Exchange, but freed and discharged from any other Right, Title, or Claim of the Crown to the Soil, than such as shall be incident to the Nature of such Tenure, and from all Common of Pasture, and other Rights of Common: Provided always, That the Land of the Crown to be exchanged shall not exceed, in any Instance, the Value of five hundred Pounds; and in order to secure a true and just Price being set on the Lands of the Crown^and of those of Individuals to be given irr Exchange, the same shall in every Instance be valued by able and practicat Surveyors of Land, on their Oaths, which Oaths may be administered by anyone of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said County of Southampton; and that all such other cautionary Proceedings shall be had for ascertaining the true Value thereof as are required by an Act passed in the thirty-fourth «n instance Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the better Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown, the Value of 500l. All Lands to be exchanged shall be valued by able Land Surveyors on Oath, and all other cautionary Proceeding* ftull be had a* required by 3; Geo. 3. c. 75.

---

[Publick Act.]

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames, and in its Vicinity; and to amend an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to prevent the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum Boats, and other Boats upon the River Thames.

[28th July 1800.]

---

WHEREAS for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations on the Cargoes, Stores, and Mate- rials of Ships and Vessels lying and being in the River Thames, it may be expedient to effablift in a convenient Place near the said River, a Publick Office of the Nature of the several Offices commonly called Polite Offices*, militated underlie Authority of an Act made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 87. 421

His Majesty may cause a I Niblick Office to be established at or near

Justices to attend at certain Hoars.

of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Adm 'mifiration of the Office of a Justice of 3* Geo. 3.0.53* the Peace in such Paris of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie tfi or near the Metropolis; and for the more effectual Prevenfhn of Felonies May it please your Majesty that it may be enaaed: and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, fn this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be Uwful for his Majesty to c^use a Publick Office to fie established at or near trapping New Stairs, in the Parish of Saint John of topping, in the County of Middlesex, under the Name of The Thames Police Office, and to appoint three fit and able Persons. being each of them a Justice of the Peace for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, and Effiex, and for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and cQ K w near for the Liberty of the owen'of London, to lit and act, by the Special Appointment of his Majesty, for the^ wapping New Purpose of hearing and determining Complaints of Offences committed on the River Thames, within the' Stairs, and ap-Limits of the aforesaid Counties, City, and Liberties respectively, or elsewhere within the Limits aforesaid, point three Spe-and of executing all other Powers appertaining to the Office of a Justice of the Peace, and arising within ^c^rminin* *or the said Limits* Complaint* of

Offences committed on the River Thames.

II. And be it further enacted, That one or more of the said Special Justices to be appointed as aforesaid,

shall diligently attend at the said Publick Office every Day, from ten in the Morning until eight in the Evening, and at such other Times and Places as shall be found necessary; and that two of the said Justices so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall in like Manner attend together at the said Office from eleven in the Forenoon until one in the Afternoon, and from fix in the Evening until eight in the Evening of every Day:

Provided always, That the Attendance of one of the said Justices may be supplied during the Hours at which the Attendance of two is required as aforesaid, by any other Justice of the Peace for the said Countries, City, and Liberties respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Special Justices so appointed to attend at the said Publick Office as aforesaid, and their Clerks, shall, in Books to be provided for that Purpose, keep a full, true, and

eirticular Account of all the Fees taken and received at the said Office, as also of all Penalties and For-itures which shall have been recovered, levied, or received in pursuance of any Adjudication, Conviction, or Order, had or made at the said Publick Office, or any Procets or Warrant iuuing from the same, and also of all other Sum and Sums of Money which shall be at any Time received by the said Justices, their Clerks or Officers, under and by virtue of this Adf, to which said Books and Accounts, the Receiver to be appointed in Manner herein after mentioned, shall at all Times have free Access, and the said Justices shall once in every Month deliver unto such Receiver such Account, verified bpon Oath by such Justices, or one of them* their Clerk or Clerks, and such other Person or Persons as shall be employed in keeping such Accounts respectively, or any Part thereof, before iome Justice of the Peace for one of the said Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, or Essex^ which Oath such Justice is hereby authorised and required to administer, and shall pay and cause to be paid the Amount of all such Fees unto such Receiver, to be applied in Manner herein after mentioned: any Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Establishment of the said Publick Office, all such Penalties and Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures, as are or shall be limited and made payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or to any Description of Persons other than the Informer or Informers who shall sue for the same, or any Party grieved, and which shall be recoverable in a summary Way before a Justice or Justices of the Peace, and which shall be recovered or adjudged before any Justice or Justices of the Peace at the said Publick Office, shall be accounted for and paid into the Hands of the Receiver, to be appointed in Manner herein after mentioned, by the Justice, Clerk, Constable, Officer, or other Person or Persons who shall levy or receive the same, to be applied by such Receiver in Manner herein after-mentioned; any Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, to direct Salaries to be paid to the Justices so appointed to attend the said Publick Office, for their Time and ( rouble, and such further Sums for their Expences in the said Offices, and for the Payment of Clerks and others therein employed, in such Manner as to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, shall seem meet t Provided always, That the yearly Salary to be paid to each of the Justices, shall be four hundred Pounds, clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatever: Provided also, That the whole Charges attending the said Office (the said Salaries being included) shall not exceed the annual Sum of eight thousand Pounds.

Account of Fees, &c. taken at the Office to be delivered Monthly to the Receiver, and the Amount paid to him.

All Penalties, (except to Informers and Parties grieved) recovered at the Office shall be paid to the Receiver.

His Majesty, by Advice of bit' Privy Council, may direct Salaries to to the Justices, &c.

Salary to each 4001. clear. The whole Expence of the Office not to exceed 8000L

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to appoint any proper Person to be the Receiver of the said Publick Office; which said Receiver shall receive all Fees, Penalties, Forfeitures, and all and every other Sum and Sums of Money applicable to the Purposes of this Act; and from the Produce of such Fees, Penalties, Forfeitures, Sum and Sums of Money, shall pay, discharge, and disburse all the Salaries, Expences, and Charges attending the said Publick Office, and the carrying this A St into Execution, and shall make all such Contracts as shall from Time to Time be necessary for that Purpose; and shall every six Months, and, oftener if required, deliver to his Majesty's Principal secretary of State for the Home Department, but to no other Person or Persons whomsoever. a full and particular Account of all Monies by him received and paid as aforesaid, with Vouchers fov the same, which Account shall be verified upon Oath before any Justice or Baron of any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster \ and such Receiver (b to be appointed under this Act, shall have and be entitled

His Majesty may. appoint a. Receiver of alt' Fees, &c.

Ditty of the Receiver-

Receiver to tynre such.

422 C. 87. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

entitled to such Salary and Allowances as his Majesty shall front Time to Time be pleased*o direct and appoint; and shall also pofiefc and exercise the same Powers and Remedies for recovering all Fees and Penalties, Sum and Sums of Money whatever, to be due and payable to the said Receiver under and by virtue of this Act, as are given by the said Act of the thirty-second Year of his present Majesty to the Receiver appointed under that Act: Provided always, That if it shall appear that the Monies applicable by the said Receiver to be appointed under this Act, in Discharge of the Salaries, Expences, and Charges attending the said Publick Office, and the carrying this Act into Execution, shall not amount to the annual Sum of eight thousand Pounds, the Deficiency shall be made up and supplied out of the Consolidated Fund; and if at the End of any Year there shall be any Surplus beyond the said Sum of eight thousand Pounds in the Hands of such Receiver, he shall pay the Amount of such Surplus into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and the same shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.'

and if they exceed, he shall pay the Surplus into the Exchequer*

Sabry as his Majesty shall appoint, and to y’oiTcfs the same Powers a* rlie Receiver under 32 Cco- j.

yr

If the Monies applicable by the Receiver shall not amount to 8000l. the Leficienuy shall be supplied out of the Consolidated Fund,

Justices may employ a fufli-cient Number of sworn Constables, and may suspend or dismiss them$

and also any Number of Men not exceeding thirty under the Name of Thames Police Surveyors, for inspecting the Conduct of the Constables, See.

The Court of

- Assistants of the Trinity House may dismiss Constables or burveyots.

Receiver to pay the Constables and Surveyors Such Sa arjes as the Justices ihaJi appoint, With the Approbation of the Secretary of State. Dutyotthe Surveyors.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for such Special Justices so to be appointed under the Authority of this Act, or any two of them, as soon as conveniently may be after such their Appointment, to appoint, retain, and employ a sufficient Number of fit and able Men as Constables, to be employed on Land, or on board Ships, Lighters, or Craft, in and upon the said River, within the Limits aforesaid, or in Boats to be hired for the Purpose; which said several Persons'toall respectively take an Oath duly to execute their respective Offices, and such Oath shall be administered by one of the said Special Justices \ and each of such Persons being so appointed and sworn, shall have Power to act as a Constable for the Prefer virion of the Peace, and for the Security of Property against felonious and other uni awful Modes of obtaining receiving the same, as well on the said River within the Limits aforesaid, as ou Land within any and every of the said several Counties, City, and Libertiesafarefeid; and for apprehending Offenders agairmthe Peace, as well by Night as by Day, and within the Limits aforesaid, every such Constable shall have all such Powers and Authorities, Privileges and Advantages, as any Constable duly appointed now has, or hereafter may have within his Constablewiclc; and shall obey all such lawful Commands as he shall from Time to Time receive from such Special Justices, or any one of thenn or from the Thames Police Surveyors, as herein after mentioned, for the apiuebending of Offenders, or other wile coodufting himself in the Execution of such Office of Constable; and two or more of such Special Justices may at any Time suspend or difmife from his Employment every such Constable whom they shall think remils or negligent in the Execution of his Office, or other wde unfit for the same, and appoint such other fit Period in his Stead as to the said Justices shall seem meet 3 and upon overy such Dismission, all Powers and Authorities, Allowances, Emoluments, Privileges, and Advantages, vested in the Person so difovifled, by virtue of his A ppointment as aforesaid, shall immediately cease and determine*

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Special Justices, or any two of them, shall and may from Time to Time, at their Discretion, appoint, retain, and employ any Number of fit and discreet Men not exceeding thirty at any one Time, who, under the Name of Thames Police Surveyors', shall each of them (being first duly sworn in Manner above mentioned) have the Power, Authority, and Privileges and Advantages of a Constable as aforesaid, within the Limits aforesaid, for the Purpose of directing and inspeciingtbe Conduct of the said several Constables, and of all Persons to be employed in and about Ships and Veflcis lying and being in the said River, or iflraod 00 the several Wharfs, Quays, and Landing. Places thereto adjacent, and within the Limits of the aforesaid Counties, City, and Liberties respectively, under the Authority or Superintendance of the said Special Justices, who may, when they think proper, suspend or dismiss any such Thames Police Surveyors, and appoint others in their Stead.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants of the Guild, Fraternity, or Brotherhood of the Most Glorious and Undivided Trinity, and of Saint Clement in the Parish of Deptford Strond, in the County of Kent, shall at any Time be distatisfied with the Condudof any such Constable or Surveyor, (b appointed as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, by Order of their Court of Assistants, to dismiss from his said Employment every such Constable or Surveyor as aforesaid, with whose Conduit they shall respectively be J ifrfiffied; and every such Constable or Surveyor so dismissVd shall, from and after the Time when any such Order shall have been produced and made known to him, be incapable of exercising either of the said Offices, unless and until such Court of Assistants, who shall have made such Order, shall think fit to revoke the same*

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Receiver (out of the Monies applicable by virtue of this Act in Discharge of the Salaries, Expences, and Charges attending the said Publick Office) shall and may pay to the Constables and Surveyors, so to be appointed as aforesaid, for their Trouble and Attendance as aforesaid, such Salaries and Allowances as the said Justices shall from Time to Time dirt# and appoint, with the Approbation and Consent of his Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department*

4

XI. And be it further enacted, That it Qiall and maybe lawful to and for every such Thames Police Surveyor, in virtue of such his Office, (subject to the Orders of the said Justices to be appointed as afore* Lid,) to enter at all Times, as well by Night'as by Day, into and upon every Ship, Hoy, Barge, Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, (not being th^n actually employed in his Majesty's Service,) lying or being in the said River, and within the Limits of the aforesaid Counts s', City, and Liberties respectively, and into every Part of all such Vessels, for the Purpose of inspecting, and upon Occasion directing, the Conduct of any Constable or Constables, who shall or may from Tim, to Time be stationed on board such Ships or Vessels;

L.000

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 87. 423

tf'airofor the Purpose of inspedin£ artd observing thfc Conduct of all and every or any other Person and Persons who shall from Tirpcto Time be employed on bo?rd of any Ship or Vessel in or about the lading or unlading, thereof as the Case may be; and for the Purpose of taking all such Measures as may be necessary for providing against Fire and other Accidents, as alfd for the Purpose of preserving Peace and good Order on board of any Ship or Vessel, and for the effectual Prevention in all Cales of any Felonies or Misdemean-orsbeing committed on board any Ship or Vessel, and for the effectual Detection of any Felonies or Mifde-meanors what foe ver which may have been committed, or which the said Surveyor may have reasonable Cause to suspect’ to have been committed, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XII. ‘And whereas divers ill disposed and suspected’Persons, and reputed Thieves, frequent the said c River, and the Quays and Warehouses near and adjoining thereunto, and the A venues to the same Quays and Warehouses, and the Streets and Highways leading thereto, with Intent to commit Felony on the c Persons and Property of his Majesty's Subjects there being; and although their evil Purposes are suffi

ciently mahifeft, the Power of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace to demand of them Securities for their

good Behaviour Hath not bee'n of sufficient Effect to prevent them from carrying their evil Purposes into

c Execution1*/ be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Constable or Surveyor appointed under the Authority of this Act within the Limits aforesaid, to apprehend every such Person, and convey him or them before any of the fat'd Special Justices to be appointed as aforesaid) or any other Justice of the Peace 5 and if it shall appear before the said Justice, upon ihe Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, that such Person or Persons is or are a Person or Persons of evil Farae, and a reputed Thief or Thieves, 3nd such Person or Persons shall not be able to give a satisfactory Account of himself or themselves^ and of his or their Way of living, and it shall a)so appear to the Satisfac- tion of the said Justice that there is just Ground to believe that such Person or Persons was or were on or in the said River, Quays, or Warehouses, or in such Avenue, Street, or Highway as aforesaid with such Intent as aforesaid, every such Person shall be deemed a Rogue and Vagabond, within the Intent and Meaning of the Statute made in the seventeenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons and to Houses of Correction: Provided always, That if any Person shall think himself aggrieved by the Judgment of such Justice as aforesaid, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General or Quarter Seifioos of the Peace to be held for the County or Place wherein the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, such Person at the Time of his Conviction entering into a Recognizance, with two sufficient Sureties, conditioned persona 11 y to appear at the said Sessions to try such Appeal. and abide the further' Judgment of the Justices at such Sessions assembled; and in case such Conviction shall be affirmed at such Sessions, the said Justices may adjudge such Person to be a Rogue and Vagabond, and proceed against such Person in the same Manner as they might have done if such Rogue and vagabond had been committed tO'the House of Corrfcdion until such General or’Quarter Sessions: Provided always, That no Person con-vided under this Act shall thereby become liable to ariy other Punishment than Imprisonment to hard Labour for a Tcriri not exceeding six Months, taking into the Computation any actual Imprisonment which such Person shall have suffered b$r his Commitment until such Session.* ,

fiooi* If the Conviction be afifrnied, the Jbftjced may ptocetd against the dfftnder as if he had been committed until the Sessions.

not liable to any other Punishmefir than Imprisonment not exceeding six Months.

Suspected Persons and reputed Thieves frequenting the River, and the Quays and Warehouses,

Sec. adjoining, with a felonious Intent, may be apprehended by the Constables or Surveyors, and conveyed before the Special Ju fliers, or any other Justice; and if it shall appear that there is just Ground to Aifpelt such was-their Intent, they shall be deemed Rogues and ^agaboods within the Meaning of 17 Geo. 2. c. 5.

[5« 3a Geo. «. r. jj., i7.J Persons thinking themselves aggrieved, may appeal to the Quarter Scf-Persons convUkd

XIII. And btf it furth’ef enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully destroy or damage, or endeavour to dfcttrbyordamage, orft)£ wilfully concerned in destroying or damaging, or endeavouring to destroy or damage, any Boat or Boats then belonging to, or hired or employed by or by Authority of the said Special Ttmicear, or any Part of the Sails, Oars, or other Tackle, Stores, Goods, or Furniture contained in or belonging to any such Boat, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such Boat so destroyed or damaged, or attempted to be deftro>ed or damaged, or of which any of the Tackle or other Contents’ {haft have been so destroyed or damaged, or attempted to be destroyed or damaged as aforesaid, any Sum not exceeding fifteen Pounds, dr shall suffer Imprisonment for any Time not exceeding three Months, over and above aify such Damages as majj be recoverable by Action at Law against any such Offender.

XIV. And whereas, for the Purpose of increasing the Facility ot Depredation, it hath been a common Practice amongst various Classes of Persons concerned in the landing and warehousing of Merchandize "from on board Ships and Vessels in the said River, wilfully to injure and.promote the opening and breaking of Casks, Bags, and other Packages, and the Spilling of their Contents / for Remedy thereof, be it ftirthct.enacted, That if any Person employed in the landing or warehousing of any Goods and Merchandizes, of any other Person, shall wilfully, or through culpable Negligence or Carelessness, cause or suffer/or be concerned in causing or fuftefing to be broken, Hruifed, pierced, started, cut, torn, or otherwise injured, any Caflc, Box, Chest, Bag, dr other Package, containing, or being designed and prepared for containing any Inch Goods or Merchandizes, while on board of any Barge, Lighter, or other Craft lying or being in the said River, or any Quay, Wharf, or Landing Place adjacent to the same, or in, or in the Way to or from' any Warehouse to or from which such Package shall have been removed, removing, or about to be re* moved, with Intent that the Contents of such Package, or any Part thereof, maybe (pilled or dropped from such Package, then and in such Case every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings, and shall on Conviction be committed for any Term not exceeding one Calendar Month, determinable upon the Payment of such Penalty to impfofed; and moreover, it shall and may be lawful to and Tor the Justice or Justices before' whom such Conviction' shall have taken place, at his and their Discretion, to cause to be published in some

Penalty for damaging, &c. Boats belonging to the Justice*

Penalty far breaking, &c. Packages, with an Intent that the Concents may be fpilkd.

424. C. 87. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Newspaper or Newspapers an Account of such Conviction, with the Name and Description of the Offender.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if for the Purpose of preventing the Seizure or Discovery of any Materials, Furniture, Stores, or Merchandizes belonging \o, or having been Part of the Cargo of any Ship or Vessel lying in the said River, or of any other Articles unlawfully obtained from any such Ship or Vessel, any such, or any other Article or Articles, shall be wilfully let fall, or thrown into the River, or in any other Manner, directly or purposely, conveyed away, or endeavoured to be conveyed away, from any Ship or Vessel, Boat, Barge, Lighter, Craft, Wharf, Quay, or other Landing Place, every Person being Party or Accessary to such letting fall, throwing, or Conveyance, or to any previous Instructions or premeditated Design to to let fall, throw, or convey away, any such Article or Articles, with any such Purpose as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor; and if any Article or Articles whatever of apparent Value shall be wilfully let fall, thrown, conveyed away, or endeavoured to be conveyed away, from any Ship or Vessel, into any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or Craft, or from any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or Craft, or from any Wharf, Quay, or other Landing Place, without the Order, Assent, or Privity of the Person or Persons being the Owner, or having the lawful Charge of such Article or Articles, then and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Constable or Surveyor as aforesaid, or for any Constable of the City of London, within the Jurisdiction of the said City, to seize, apprehend, and secure, any such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Graft, and every or any Person therein, or who, by reason of his or her Ncarnefi to the Place where such Offence shall be committed, shall be reasonably suspected by such Constable or Surveyor of being Party or Accessary thereto, and forthwith to convey every such Person so apprehended before the said Justices, or some other Justices in whose Jurisdiction such Offences shall be committed, and if upon Examination it shall not be made appear, to the Satisfaction of the said Justices, that such letting fall, throwing, or conveying away, or Endeavour to convey away, proceeded either from mere Accident, or from some lawful Cause, and not from any such fraudulent or evafiye Design as aforesaid, every Person so appearing to be Party, privy, or accessary as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall suffer as herein after mentioned.

If on Information on Oath it shall appear to the Justices that there is reasonable Cause for suspecting that any Part of the Cargo of any Vessel, or any of his Majesty's Stores,

&c have been unlawfully obtained, and are concealed, they, or any Justices in their Junf-di&ior.s, may cause the Place to be searched, by Day or by Night, and by Force if necessary, and if any are found, and it be not made j* appear by what lawful Means they came de-pofiled, the Person in whose House found and the Persons appearing to have been privy to the depositing, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor.

Geo. 3. c. z3> §7.] Every Person who to prevent any Articles from being seized on Suf-

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if on Information given on Oath it shall appear to the said Justices that there is reasonable Cause for suspecting that any Materials, Furniture, Stores, or any Part of the Cargo of any such Ship or Vessel lying or being in the said River, or any Stores belonging to his Majesty, or consigned to any Person or Persons for his Majesty's Service, have been stolen, or unlawfully obtained from or out of any such Ship or Vessel, or from or out of any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or Craft, lying or being in the said River, or from any Wharf, Quay, or other Landing Place adjacent to the same, and within the Limits of the aforesaid Counties, City, and Liberties, or from or in the Way to or from any Warehouse, into or from which such Articles had been removing or removed, to or from any such Wharf, Quay, or Landing Place, and that such Articles, after having oeen so stolen or unlawfully obtained, are concealed or otherwise lodged in any Dwelling House, Warehouse, Yard, Garden, or any other Place, it shall be lawful for the said Justices, or other Justices in their respective jurisdictions, or any one of them, by special Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any such Thames Police Constable or Surveyor as aforesaid, or dther Constable within their respective Jurisdictions, to cause every such Place to be searched, at any Time of the Day, or by Night, if Power for that Purpose be especially given in and by such Warrant; and the said Justices, if it should appear to them requisite and necessary, may moreover empower such Constable or Surveyor, with any such Assistance as to them the said Justices may appear; orby such Constable or Surveyor be found, necessary (such Constable or Surveyor having previously made known such his Authority) to use Force for the effecting of such Entry, whether by breaking open Doors or otherwise; and if upon Search thereupon made, any such suspected Article or Articles (had accordingly be found, then and in such Case to convey the same forthwith to and before the said Justices, or to guard the same on the Spot while the Offenders are taken before the said Justices, or otherwise dispose thereof in some Place of Safety, subject to the Orders of the said Justices in Manner as above mentioned, and moreover to apprehend and convey before the said Justices the Person or Persons in whose House, Lodging, or other Place as aforesaid the same shall so have been found, as also every such other Person so found in such House, Lodging, or Place, as shall appear to have been privy to the depositing of such Articles, or any of them, in such Place, knowing or having reasonable Cause to suspect the same to have been stolen, t>r otherwise unlawfully obtained; and if such Persons respectively shall not immediately, or within some reasonable Time, to be assigned by the said Justices, make it appear, to the Satisfaction of the said Justices by what lawful Means such Article or Articles came to be deposited or situated in such Place as aforesaid, without any Defaulton the Part of such Persons respectively, or that they respectively did not know that the same were, or by what

Means the same were deposited or situated in such Place, then and in such Case the Person or Persons in whose House, Lodging, or other Place, such suspect Article or Articles was or were found, as also every other Person so appearing to have been privy to the depositing thereof, knowing, or having Cause to fulped the same to have been stolen, or otherwise unlawfully obtained, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a a Misdemeanor, and shall fuller as herein after mentioned,

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who, for the Purpose of protecting or preventing any Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or other Articles whatsoever from being Seized, on Suspicion of their being stolen or otherwise unlawfully obtained, or of preventing the same from being produced or made to feeve as Evidence of or concerning any Felony or Misdemeanor, shall frame or cause to be framed, or be

isis

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 87. 425

any Ways concerned in framing or causing to be. framed, any Rill of Parcels containing any ulfc Statement picion of being in regard to the Name or Abode of any alleged Vendor, the Quantity or Quality of such Goods or Valu- rft^"l^rbein*' ables, the Place from whence, or Conveyance by which the same were furnished, the Price agreed upon or Evidence ^charged for the same, or any other Particular or Particulars, knowing such Statement to be false, shall be same, &c. any adjudged guilty of av Misdemeanor, and shall suffer as hefein-after mentioned; and may moreover, at the false BiHofPac-Discretion of the said Justices, or such other Justices in whose Jurisdiction such Offences shall be committed, be published and advertised as a Fabricator of false Bills of Parcels, or as a convicted or reputed Receiver of Goods stolen, or other wise unlawfully obtained, as the Case may be. - meanor, ar<r

may be advertised.

XVIII. And whereas in and by an Act passed in the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Thefts and Frauds by P erf ns navigating Bum Boats and other Boats upon the River Thames, it is amongst other Things provided that a Person in whose Possession Goods suspected of having been dolen or otherwise unlawfully come by, are found, shall be adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor, if he do not cither give an Account, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or *4 Justices as are therein mentioned, how he came by the same, or olfe produce the Party pr Parties from '* whom he bought or received the same; under which Provision no Receiver of stolen Goods, who shall produce aPeifon of whom he received the same, can be adjudged guilty, although he shall not give such Account to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices as aforesaid ;* be it further enacted, That in every Case where the Production of the Party from whom any Goods or Things have been bought or received, would at present be sufficient to exempt any Person from being adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor under the Act, by reason of any such Goods or Things being found in any Way in his or her Possession, such Production shall not be deemed fqfficient to exempt such Person from being adjudged guilty as aforesaid, unless the Account so given of the Manner of his or her coming by such Goods or Things shall, upon a full ^Investigation, be satisfactory to such Justice or Justices; and if any Person on being so produced shall declare himself or herself to have bought, received, or otherwise obtained such Goods of some other Person, such Justice or Justices are hereby authorised and required to examine every such other Person, and also ‘every other prior Purchaser or pretended Purchaser; and if upon the Whole of the Evidence it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, that the Party so informed against or suspected did, at the Time of his or her receiving such Goods or Things into his or her Possession, believe, or had reasonable Cause to believe, that the same were at any Time and by any Person unlawfully come by or obtained, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices to adjudge such Party to be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and such Party so convicted shall thereupon suffer as herein after mentioned.

a Geo. 3. c. 48.

[§ 6, 7.] recited.

Where thr Pro-duction of the Party from whom* any Goods have been bought would, under the l ift recced Act, exemptf any Person from being adjudged guilty of a Mif-demeanor, such Prod u ft ion shall not be deemed sufficient unless the Account given

be satisfactory to the Justice, who otherwise may examine all Purchaser*, and adjudge the Party guilty of a Misdemeanor.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case of every Offence herein-before declared to be a Mifde- Misdemeanor ineanor, or for which no special pecuniary Penalty is herein-before appointed, the Offender shall forfeit and *pay, at the discretion of the said Justices to be appointed as aforesaid, or of such other Justice or Justices £y a*Penalty not before whom any Conviction shall from Time to Time take place, within their respective Jurisdictions, any exceeding 51. Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than twenty Shillings, or shall suffer Imprisonment for any Time nor less than not exceeding eight Weeks, nor less than two Weeks or shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding forty ao* m b> Im" Shillings, nor Ids than ten Shillings, and shall besides suffer Imprisonment for any Time not exceeding four Mewling eight Weeks, nor less than one Week; and if the Payment of such Penalty shall not. immediately upon Con- weeks, nor left vision be made or secured to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, it shall and may be lawful to and than two— for such Justice or Justices forthwith, or at any other Time or Times within one Calendar Month after such or xdly, by a ‘Conviction, to commit the Offender to any Place of Imprisonment within his or their Jurisdiction, Pcl, alfy from

for any Time not exceeding eight Weeks in the Whole, determinable upon the making or securing such coupled wi?rh v Payment as aforesaid; and one iMoiety of Money recovered on Account of every such Forfeiture or Pe- imprisonment malty shall be paid to such Receiver as aforesaid, for the Purposes of this Act, and the other Moiety thereof, from four under the Oire&ion of the Justice or Justices by whom the same shall have been levied, shall either be paid Weeks to one. and applied to the Use of the Informer alone, or be distributed between or amongst all such Persons as shall Jf Penalty be have contributed to the Conviction of the Offender, in such Shares and Proportions as such Justice or Juf* tices in their Discretion shall think fit: Provided always, That no Informer or other Person shall be deemed f^ernny be incompetent to give Evidence touching any such Offence as aforesaid, by reason of any Chance or Expecta- commituJ. tion of any such Moiety, Share, or Proportion as aforesaid. Application of

Penalties.

No Person to be deemrd ir.eemperent Evidence on account of Chance of Share of Penalty*

XX. And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which Complaint shall be made, or Information ^iven of any Offence, by this Act declared to be a Misdemeanor, or for which any pecuniary Penalty or Jboifeiture is herein-before appointed, with or without Imprisonment in Addition thereto or in lieu thereof, the Matter of such Complaint or Information, if the Offence shall have been committed, or the Offender Apprehended within the Limits aforesaid, shall or may be heard and determined either by the said Justices to be appointed as aforesaid, or either of them, or by any other Justice or Justices ailing <n and for the County or other Place of separate Jurisdiction within which the Offence (halt have been committed, or the Offender apprehended; and if any such Offence shall have been committed, or the Offender apprehended, within the Jurisdiction of the City of London, then the Matter of such Complaint or Information shall and may be heard and determined by the Lord Mayor, Recorder, or one of the Aldermen of the said City, and not elsewhere; and every Conviction thereupon bad shall be certified, filed, and entered in such Manner as ‘ 39 &40 Geo. III. 3 I - is

Complaint*

of Offences ckc’.ir.d Misdemeanor* or for which pecuniary Pc-lialtics are appointed, shall be luard ard determined, either by tiic Special Justices at their Uilice, or by any Juf*

C. 87. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

t?Cf.in.1°: is directed in and by the said A d of the second Year of his Majesty's Reign, with respect to Convictions

Lonfon" b the un<*cr ^at Ad, and m&y a drawn up in such Form and Manner as is appointed in and by the said Act* Lord °M ay or, anc* neither such Conviction,* or any Proceeding previous thereto, shall be removed by Certiorari or other-ax. ’ wife into any Court of Record, but such Conviction shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes Conviction to whatsoever.

be certified,

arc. as directed by a Geo. 3. c a8.

[§ 11.] and may be drawn up in the Form.appointed thereby, and shall be final.

Misdemeanors: tinder % Geo. 3. c. a 8.

10. of that SW,] maybe punched cither under that Act or under this.

Persons guilty of Offences puniftuble by last recited Act H 1*.] by

Transportation for 14 Years, shall plead to indictments without having Time to traverse.

XXI. And whereas the Punishments for Misdemeanors, provided in and by the said Act of the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, have been found insufficient for the preventing of such Offences;* be it enacted, That every Person who shall be guilty of any of the several Offences respectively made and declared to be Misdemeanors in and by the said Act, shall and maybe punished, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices by or before whom the said Offender (halH>e convicted, either with the Punishment appointed in and by the said Act, or by such other Punishment or Punishments as is and archereby appointed for and in Cases of Offences declared to be Misdemeanors in and by this present Act.

XXII. And whereas in and by the said last mentioned Act, Persons guilty of certain Offences are pu- ni(liable by Transportation for fourteen Years, but the said Offences not being by the said Act declared to be Felony, the Trial thereof may in all Cases be put off, by Means of a Traverse, to the next Sessions after the finding of the Bill of Indictment for the same, and the Offender be in the meanTime liberated, on being admitted to Bail, whereby Justice has been in many Instances eluded ;* for Remedy thereof, be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, whenever any Indictment shall be found against any Person or Persons for the said Offences, or any of them, the Person or Persons so indicted shall plead to the same Indictment without having Time to traverse the same, as is usual in Cases of Misdemeanors.

Nothing herein

XXIII. Provided always, and e it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained stall extend to Lo* thC deprive the Lord Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, of any Right, Privilege, or Juice! of London rifdidion heretofore lawfully claimed, exercised, or enjoyed, within the Town and Borough of Southwark, their Rights! or the Liberties thereof, or to prevent the said Lord Mayor for the Time being, or the Aldermen of the said City for the Time being, and the Recorder of the said City for the Time being, from adingas Justices of the reace within the said Town and Borough of Southwark and the Liberties thereof, in such and the like Manner as they could or might have done in case this Act had not been made; nor to deprive the Lord Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the said City, of any Right, Privilege, Immunity, or Jurisdiction which they have heretofore lawfully claimed, exercised, or enjoyed upon the River or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being as Conservator of the said River; nor to prevent the said Lord Mayor for the Time being, and the Aldermen and Recorder of the said City, from acting as Justices of the Peace upon the said River, or taking Cognizance of Offences committed upon or within the Limits of the same, in such Manner as they might or would have done in case this Act had not been made.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Clauses and Provisoes mentioned and contained in the said Act of the thirty-second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, touching and concerning the Prohibition relative to the taking of Fees to the Use of Individuals, the Incapacity of the Justices with regard to their fitting in Parliament, and the Restrictions and Penalties imposed on the Justices, Receiver, and Constables, with regard to their interfering in Parliamentary Elections; and also all the Clauses and Provisoes mentioned and contained in the said Act of the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, respecting the searching and detaining of Boats on the said River, or the seizing and detaining of Goods fut> peded to be stolen, and the Persons suspected to be guilty of dealing the same, and the Mode of proceeding with respect thereto, and respecting the Discovery, Apprehension, and Punishment of Offenders, and respecting the obstructing the Execution of the said Act, and respecting the commencing or prosecuting of Actions against Justices or their Officers, shall be deemed, construed, and taken to be, and the same are hereby declared to extend to and to be Parts of this Act, as if the same were herein specially repeated and re enacted; and that all Justices to be from Time to Time appointed under and by virtue of this Act, and all Constables and Surveyors to be from Time to Time appointed by the said Justices, shall have all such Powers, Privileges, and Protedions, in all Respects whatso* ever, in the Execution of the said Acts and of this Act, as any Justice, Constable, or other Officers or Persons could or might by Law have under the said Acts, or either of them, except in as far as the same are varied in and by this present Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and continue in force from the passing thereof until the twenty-fifth Day of March which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seven, and no longer.

All the Powm find Provifjom of 32 Geo. 3. c 53. and a Geo. 3. c. a8. extended to this Act; except as far as the same are varied hereby.

Fubfcck A a.

Continuance of Act to March *5, 1807.

---

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 88. 427

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Personal Property of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors and also of the Real and Personal Property of her Majesty, and of the Queen Consort for the Time being.

[28th July 1800.]

WHEREAS in and by an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne,

[1 Annae, stat. 1. c. 7. [§5.]]

---

intituled, An Act for the better Support of her Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, it was (amongst other Things) enacted, That all and every Grant, Lease, or other Assurance, which, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and two, should be made or granted by her said Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, Kings or Queens of this Realm, under the Great Seal of England, Exchequer Seal, Seals of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster, or any of them, or by Copy of Court Roll, or otherwise howsoever, of any Manors, Mefluaees, Laods, Tenements,

Rents, Tythes, Woods, or other Hereditaments (Advowsons of Churches and Vicarages only excepted), within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or any of them, or any Part thereof, then belonging or thereafter to belong to her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, or 1 to any other Person or Persons in Trust for her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, in Possession, Rever-fion. Remainder, Use, or Expectancy, whether the same were or should be in Right of the Crown of England, or as Part of the Principality of Wales, or of the Duchy or County Palatine of Lancaster, or otherwise howsoever, to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate whatsoever, whereby any Estate or Interest whatsoever in Law or Equity should or might pass from her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, should be utterly void and of none Effect, unless Inch Grant, Lease, or other Assurance should be made for some erm or Estate not exceeding thirty-one Years or three Lives, or for some Term of Years determinable on one, two, or three Lives, and unless such Grant, Lease, or Assurance respectively should be made to commence from the Date of making thereof; and if such Grant, Lease, or Assurance should be made to take EflFedt in Reversion or Expectancy, that th:n the same, together with the Estate or Estates in Possession of and in the Premiic-s therein contained, should not exceed three Lives, or the Term of thirty-one Years in the Whole, with various other Provisions and Restrictions; but in the said Act there is a Proviso*, mat the Paid Act should not extend to disable her Majesty, her Heirs or Sue- g.j celPors, to make certain Leases, Copies, or Grants of Offices, Lands, or Hereditaments, Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall as therein mentioned, or to disable her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, to make any Grant or Restitution of any Estate or Estates thereafter to be forfeited for any Treason or Felony whatsoever, or to disable her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, to grant, demise, or assign any Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditament: which should be seized Or taken into her or their Hands upon any Outlawry at the Suit of her or their Subjects, as had been usual, or any Estate whatsoever which was or should be seized, extended, or taken in Execution for any Debt owing or to be due to the Crown, as (he or they should think fit, or to make any Grants or Admittances which of Right or Custom ought to be made of any Copyhold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Parcel of any Manor or Manors of her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, or to disable the Trustees for Sale of Fee Farm and other Rents therein mentioned, from executing the Powers vested in them as therein mentioned: And whereas in and by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Support of his, g^o 3. g, T, Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain, it is (amongst other £§3]

Things) enacted, That the Revenue arising to his Majesty by Rents of Lands, or for Fines of Leases of the same, or any of them* (except the Revenue of the Duchy of Cornwall,) should, from and immediately after the Demise of his late Majesty King George the Second, be, during his present Majesty's Life, carried to and made Part of the general Aggregate Fund established by the Act of the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First f, and be, during the said Term, issued and applied, in qco

the Manner therein-after mentioned, to the Uses to which the said h und was or should be made applicable: c. 1 ]

And whereas in and by another Act made in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and for the Sale of Fee and 34 Geo. 3. Farm, and other improveable Rents, further Provisions are made touching Grants, Leases, and other Af- c. 75. redud. furances, which should be made or granted by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, under the Great Seal, or Seal of the Exchequer, or either of them, of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Kingdom of England and Dominion of Wales, or any of them, or any Part thereof, then belonging or thenafter to belong to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and being within the ordering and Survey of the Exchequer in England: And whereas his Majesty has purchased certain Freehold, and Customary or Copyhold and Leasehold Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, out of the Monies issued and applied for the Use of his Privy Purse, or with other Monies not appropriated to any particular Service, and which said Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments have been conveyed or surrendered to his Majesty, or to some Person or Persons in Trust for his Majesty, and his Majesty hath hitherto held and enjoyed the same as his foie and exclusive Property; but by reason of the general Words used in the said Act in the first Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, the Freehold Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased by his Majesty, and such as may hereafter be purchasedoutof such Monies as aforesaid, may be deemed subject to the Restrictions and Provisions contained in the said Acts; and it maybe doubted whether such Copyhold or Customary and Leasehold Purchases, by or in Trust for his Majesty as aforesaid, do not also fall within the said recited Acts: And whereas it

428 C. 88. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

is reasonable that all Manors, Lands Tenements, or Hereditaments, of any Tenure whatsoever, which have been or shall be purchased by and conveyed to or in Trust for his Majesty, or which shall be purchased by and conveyed to or in Trust for his Majesty's Heirs and Successors, out of Monies issued and ap-

pfied for the Use of his or their Privy PurlV, or with any Monies not appropriated to any publick Service, and also all Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which have come to his Majesty, or shall or may hereafter come to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors by the Gift or Devise of, or by De- feent, or otherwise# from any Ancc (for or other Person not being King or Queen of this Realm, should be held and enjoyed by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, freed and discharged from all the Pioviftcms and Restrictions of the said recited Acts of the first Year of her late Majesty Queen Annes and the first and thirty-fourth Years of his present Majesty, (except as herein after provided,) and should be saleable and disposeable either by Grant or otherwise in his or their Lifetime, or by his or their last Will and Testament in Writing, in such Manner as heor they shall think fit Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

None of the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That none of the Pro-Provisions r# »visions or Restrictions contained in the said Acts of the first Year of her said late Majesty Queen Anncy and the recited Afl* the an(j thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall extend to any Manors, Mef-Lands^Ac fuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of whatsoever Tenure the same maybe, which have at any purchased by Time heretofore been purchased by his Majesty, or shall at any Time hereafter be purchased by his Marts Majesty, his jesty, his Heirs or Successors, out of any Monies iflbed and applied for the Use of his or their Privy Purse, Heirs or Sue- or with any other Monies not appropriated to any Publick Service, or to any Manors, Messuages, Lands, ceflors, out of Tenements, or other Hereditaments, of whatsoever Tenure the same may be, which have come to his Ma-the Privy Purse, Jefty> or or may come to him, his Heirs or Successors, by the Gift or Devise of, or by Descent or or not appro- otherwise, from any of his, her, or their Ancestors, or any other Person or Persons not being priated to any Kings or Queens of this Realm 5 and the Intent of this Enablment is, that the same shall operate, to all In-Publick Service, tents and purposes, as from the Birth of his present Majesty. nor to Lands,

Stc, coining ro his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors from any Person not being Kings or Queens of the Realm. Enaftmcrvt to operate as from the Birth of his Majesty.

Copyhold or Laaftheid Lands, &c. so purchased, Sec, shall be vetted in the Earl of Cardigan in Tnttt, and such as shall be purchased, Sec, shall be vetted in Trustees to be appointed by his Majesty.

Tmftees shall be admitted to the Lands according to the Nature o( the fftate therein, and ttiail be deemed the Tenants.

Grants already made by his Majesty shall not be defeated by this Act.

His Majesty, his Heir:, and Succufors, may Ml or devise such Mate* as his Majesty* Subjtft* may like Estates be* longing to them.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and Angular the Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of Copyhold or Customary Tenure, or of Leasehold Tenure, which have been purchased by his Majesty as aforesaid, or which have come to his Majesty by the Gift or Devise of, or by Descent or otherwise from any of his Ancestors, or any other Persons not being Kings or Queens of this Realm, whether the same have been surrendered or afligped to his Majesty, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for his Majesty shall be, and the same are hereby vested in James Earl of Cardigan, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, according to the Tenure of such Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments respectively, in Trust, nevertheless for his Majesty; and that all such Copyhold or Customary, and Leasehold Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments respectively, as shall be purchased in Manner aforesaid by his Majesty, his. Heirs pr Successors, or shall come to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by Gift or Devise of, or by Descent or otherwise from any of his or their Ancestors, or any other Persons not being Kings or Queens of this Realm, shall be vested in some Trustee or Trustees for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from Time to Time, to be respectively named or appointed by Instrument in Writing under the Sign Manual of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors respectively; and the said James Earl of Cardigan, and such other Trustee or Trustees as aforesaid, shall be duly admitted to such Copyhold or Customary Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as aforesaid, by the Lords or Ladies of the Manor or Manors of which the same shall be holden, according to the Nature of the Estate therein, on Payment of such Fines, and subject to such Rents, Services# and Customs, as of Right shall be due and accustomed in respect thereof; and the said Janus Earl of Cardigan and such other Trustee or Trustees as aforesaid shall be deemed, as in respect of the Lords or Ladies of such Manors respectively, and all other Persons whatsoever, to be the true and ouly Tenants of such Copyhold or Customary Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments respectively, so that no Lord or Lady of any Manor, or any other Person or Persons, shall be prejudiced thereby.

III. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to defeat or impeach any Grant or Disposition which hath been already made by his Majesty, or by his Direction, of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased by his Majesty as aforesaid, and conveyed, surrendered* or assured to or in Trust for his Majesty, but all such Grants and Dispositions respectively shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as the same would have been if they have been made after the pai-sing of, or were conformable to the Provisions in this Act contained*

IV. And be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any Thing in the said recited Acts contained, or any other Statute, Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary* it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from Time to Time, by any Instrument under his and their Royal Sign Manual, attested by two or more Witnesses, or by his and their last Will and Testament in Writing, or any Writing in the Nature of a last Will or Testament, to be signed and published by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors respectively, in the Presence of and to be attested by three or more Witnesses, at his and their free Will and Pleasure, to grant, fell, give, or devise all and every or any of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased or to be purchased by, or which have or shall so come to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors as aforesaid, whether of Freehold, or Copyhold or Customary, or Leasehold Tenure, and whether conveyed or assured to, or otherwise vested in his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or to or in any Person or Persons in Trust for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, as aforesaid, unto any Person or Persons, for any Estate or Estates, or for airy Intents pr Purposes, his Majesty, *his

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 88. 429

Heirs or Successors respectively shall think fit, as any of his Majesty's Subjects may grant, fell, give, of devise any the like Manors* Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments respectively, belonging to fijch Subjects respectively, by their respective Deeds or other Instruments, or last Wills and Testaments respectively; and all and every Person and Persons who shall be seised or possessed of, or entitled to any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments respectively, or any Estate or Interest therein respectively, in Trull for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors respectively, shall convey, surrendet;, assign, or otherwise assure the same, in such Manner as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, under his or their Royal Sign Manual respectively, to be attested as aforesaid, shall direct; and all and every the Provisions made by Law for the Conveyance of Trust Estates by Infants, Idiots, and Lunaticks, shall extend to such Persons as are or shall be a Trustee or Trustees for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors respectively, and such Trust Estates shall be conveyed, surrendered, and assured by such Infants, Idiots, and Lunaticks, or the Committees of such Idiots or Lunaticks accordingly*

V. And be it further enacted, That if no Disposition by Grant, Will, or otherwise, shall be made in put suance of this Act by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, I enements, and Hereditaments as aforesaid, or if any Disposition which shall be so made shall not exhaust the whole Estate or Interest of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors respectively in the same, then and in every such Case all such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereof no fqch Disposition shall be made as aforesaid, or so much of the Estate and Interest therein respectively as shall not have been so disposed of, shall defeend and go in such and the same Manner, on the Demise of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors respectively, as the same would have defeended and gone if this Act had not been made, subject nevertheless-to the Provisions herein after contained*, as to so much thereof as shall be Personal Estate of his Majesty and his Successors; and all and every of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments* being of Freehold Tenure in Fee Simple, which shall so defeend on the Demise of his Majesty, or any King or Queen of this Realm, shall be subject to all the Restrictions in the said recited Acts contained, in the same Manner as the same would have been subject thereto if this Act had not been made*

Trustees shall convey such Estates as his Majesty,&c. shall direct. Provisions for Conveyance of Trust Estates by. Infants (ha 11 extend to Truf* tees for his Majesty.

If no Dispofi* tion of such Estates be made by his Majesty, or a Disposition be made which shall not exhaust. the Whole, the Eftale undisposed of shall defeend' as if this Act had not been made, subject to certain Provisions.

Freeholds which shall so defeend shall be subject to the Restrictions-of the recited Acts,

Estates so vested in his Majesty or in his Trustees shall be subjectt to all Taxes.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whether of Freehold, or Copyhold, or Customary, or Leasehold Tenure, which shall be so as aforesaid from Time to Time vested in his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or in any Person or Persons in Trust for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors respectively, shall from Time to Time be fub-ur<£l and liable to all such Taxes, Rates, Duties, Assessments, and other Impositions, Parliamentary and i^arochial, as the same would have been subject and liable to if the same had been the Property of any Subject of this Realm; and all such Rates, Taxes, Assessments, and Impositions shall, so long as the said Manors, Mdliiages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments shall be vested in his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or in any Person or Persons in Trust for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors as aforesaid, he ascertained, rated, assessed, or ienposed thereon, in the same Manner and Form, inrall respects, as if the same Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments respectively were the absolute and beneficial. Estate of any of his Majesty's Subjects; but nevertheless such Rates, Taxes, Assessments, and Impositions, shall be paid and payable in the Manner htrein-after directed, and not otherwise.

VII. And be it further enacted, That so long as any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be or remain vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or in any Trustee or Trustees for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors as aforesaid, freed and discharged from the Provisions and Restrictions in the said recited Acts respectively, all Taxes, Rates, Duties, Assessments, Impositions, Rents, and other annual Payments, Fines, and other Outgoings, which shall from Time-to Time be charged and chargeable upon, or be or become due and payable in respect of all such Manors, Messuages*. Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments respectively, shall be paid and discharged out of the Privy Purle of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors respectively, and Accounts thereof shall from Time to Time be returned to the Person or Persons for the Time being executing the Office of his Majesty's Privy Purse, or his or their Deputy, who shall, by and out of any Monies in his or their Hands applicable for the Use of his Majesty, pay and discharge the same.

VIII. And whereas by the Law of England the Queen Consort, Wife of the King, is capable of taking, granting, or disposing of Property as if (ne were a Feme Sole; but Doubts may arise how far this Ca- parity of granting or disposing of Property extends, and especially whether, during the Life of the King her Husband, it includes the Power of deviling and bequeathing by last Will and Testament: And whereas his Majesty is desirous that her Majesty Queen Charlotte, his Majesty's Royal Consort, during. 4 his Majesty's Life, should have full and complete Power, as well by her last Will and Testament as by Deed, to grant, alien, and dispose of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes, and Hereditaments, which have been purchased by or in Trust for or otherwise vested in her Majesty, or which shall hereafter be purchased by or in Trust for, or shall be otherwise vested in or in Trust for her Majesty, under and by virtue of any Deed, Gift, Will, or otherwise, except as herein after is mentioned, and of any Goods and Chattels, whether Real or Personal, and Personal Estate of what Kind soever, bc- longing to her Majesty, in the same Manner as her Majesty might dispose thereof if pe were foie and unmarried; and it may be convenient that the like Power should be secured to every Queen Consort of this Realm for the Time being :* Now therefore be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for her Majesty, at any Time or Times during the joint Lives of their Majestiev by Deed under her Hand and Seal, to

H7-]

Taxes, &c. charged upon such Estates shall be paid out of the Privy, Purse.

Her Majesty empowered during the joint* Lives of their Majesties, by. Deed, or by Will, to dispof« of Estates purchased by or in Trust for, or that may vtftufc. her Majesty, or in Trull for her, and also COu bequeath all. her Chattels and Personal Estate, as if (h« were fair

43°

C. 88.

Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

The like Power given to any l^ietn of this Kcilm during 1 he joint Lives ot tlr King and such Queen Coiiforu

Act not to enable her Majesty or any Queen Con fort to difpefe of any VaUce, &c. bt Ion sing to the King n Right of the Crown, veiled in her for Life;

Monies for the Privy Purse, or not appropriate! to any Publick Service,

or Fife els which shall not come to his Majesty, or to hib Successors in Rigi.t of the Crowr, hall be deemed P/ifon-al E fLite, and subject to Dif-p mji on by Will m Writing under Lie S j g 1 \Unuil, and fr A he liable to all Debts payable 'out of the Privy Purse.

In Default of such Disposition loch Pc*TonaI LlUtc fna.l go a, before tJiis Act was made.

be executed in the Presence of and attested by two or more Witnesses, or by her last Will and Testament in Writing, or any Writing in the Nature of a last Will and Testament, to be signed and published by bet in the Presence of and attested by three or more Witnesses, to grant, give, alien, and dispose of, convey, or devise any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which have at any Time heretofore been purchased, or which shall at any Time hereafter be purchased by or in Trust for her Majesty, or which shall hereafter come to or devolve upon or vest in her Majesty, or any Person or Persons in Trust for her, for any Estate of Inheritance or Freehold, or for any Copyhold or Customary Estate, under or by virtue of any Deed, Gift, Will, or otherwise, for all or any Part of such Estate, Right, and Interest, as her Majesty, or such Person or Persons in Trust for her, now hath or have, or shall or may have in any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments: and also by her last Will and Testament in Writing to give and bequeath all such Chattels and Personal Estate whatsoever as aforesaid, unto any Person or Persons, and for any Intents and Purposes, and in any Manner (he shall think fit, as fully and effectually, in all Respects, as (he could or might grant, convey, alien, dispose of, give, devise, or bequeath the same if (he were foie and unmarried,

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Queen for the Time being of this Realm* being the Contort of his Majesty, or any of his Successors, in like Manner, at any Time or Times during me joint Lives of the King and such Queen Consort for the Time being, by Deed under her Hand and Seal, or by her last Will and Testament in Writing, to be respectively executed, signed, published, and attested as aforesaid, to grant, convey, alien, dispose of, give or devise, any Manors, Messuages, Lauds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be purchased by or in Trust for her, or which shall come to or devolve upon or vest in her, or any Person or Persons in Trust for her, for any Estate of Inheritance or Freehold, or any Copyhold or Customary Estate, and by virtue of any Deed, Gift, Will, or otherwise, for all or any Part of such Estate, Right, and Interest as (he, or such Person or Persons in Trust for her, shall have in any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and also by her last Will and Testament in Writing to give and bequeath all such her Chattels, whether real or personal, and Personal Estate whatsoever, to any Person or Persons, and for any Intents and Purposes (he shall think fit, as fully and effectually, in all respects, as if (he were foie and unmarried: Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to enable her Majesty, or any Queen Consort of this Realm, to make any Grant, Conveyance, or Disposition of any Palace, or capital Mansion House, Gardens Lands, or Hereditaments belonging to his Majesty, or any of his Successors, in Right of the Crown, which now are or her red ter ,n .1! be veiled in her Majesty, or in any such Queen Consort, for her Life, as and for her Jointure or othcnwii?, under any Letters Patent of his Majesty, or any of his Successors, or by Act of Parliament, or to ii.ake any Grant, Conveyance, or Disposition, which her Majesty and such Queen Consort could not makeiflole and unmarried.

or to make any Grant but such as (he might make if (ole.

X. ‘And whereas it is his Majesty's most gracious Desire that all such Personal Estate and Ef- feds as his Majesty shall be possessed of or entitled to at the Time of his Demise, and over which he shall have the full and absolute Power of Disposition by his last Will and Testament, ilv uld besubjedtand liable to the Payment of all such Debts of his Majesty as shall, during his List time, tic properly payable out of his Privy Purse: And whereas it is reasonable that all such Personal Estate and Eflvcts as any of his Majesty's Successors, Kings or Queens of this Realm, shall be possessed or entitled to in like Alan- ner, should also be subject and liable to the like Charge; and it i< expedient to fix and regulate what Personal Estate and Effects of his Majesty and his Successoi* are subject to such Ttftamentary Dispofi- tion, and in what Form such Disposition shall be made Now therefore be it further enacted and declared, That all such Personal Estate of his Majesty and his Successors respectively, as shall consist of Monies which may bcjflued or applied for the LJfe of his or their Privy Pdrfe, or Monies not appropriated toanv Public Service, or Goods, Chattels, or Effects which have not or shall not come to his Majesty, or shall not come to.his Successors respectively, with or in Right of the Crown of this Realm, shall be deemed and taken to be Personal Estate and Effects of his Majesty and his Successors respectively, subject to Dispost-tion by last Will and Testament; and that such last Will and Testament shall be in Writing, under the Sign Manual of his Majesty and his Successors respectively or otherwise shall not be valid; and that all and /ing-ilar the Personal Estate and Effects whereof or where to his Majesty or any of his Successors shall be possessed or entitled at the Time of his and their respective Demiles, subject to such Testamentary Disposition as aforesaid, shall be liable to the Payment of all such Debts as shall be properly payable out of his or their Privy Purse, and that, subject thereto, the same Personal Estate and Effects of his Majesty and his Successors respectively, or so muen thereof respectively as shall not be given or bequeathed, or disposed of as aforesaid, shall go in such and the same Manner on the Demise of his Majesty and his Successors relatively, as the same would have gone if this Act had not been made.

Any Will made fcy his Majesty

Ft fore the j>2ffr.i; of th;3 Act, shall be v.flitl. Hi,> Majesty, Ids >uc-

*C< (Tq’S, nj y Hy VvhitiaU unda

XI. And be it further enacted, That any Instrumentin Writing made and executed by his Majesty before the passing of this Act, as and for his last Will and Testament, or a Codicil thereto in Manner and Form herein-before provided, shall be as effectual to dispose of the Property Real or Personal intended to be disposed of thereby, as if the same had been made after the passing of this Act.

XII. And whereas divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments have become and may hereafter be- cornp vestrd m his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Escheat or otherwise, in Right of the Crown, which in the Hands of any of his Majesty's .Subjects would be chargeable with certain Trusts, or applicable

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 88. 431

to certain Purposes, and his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, may be desirous that the same thepnMa- should be applied accordingly* notwithstanding any Right which he or they may have to hold the same ExxuVonof discharged from such Trulls, or without applying the lame toTuch Purposes; but by reason of the Pro- any Trusts, to visions contained in the said Acts of the first Year of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, and the thirty- which Lands fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign, Doubts may be raised whether his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, becoming vested can direct such Application thereof: And whereas divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as well *hem by.

Freehold as Copyhold, have escheated and may efeheat to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, for Right of the Want of Heirs of the Persons last seised thereof or entitled thereto, or by reason of some Forfeiture, or crown would otherwise, although not forfeited for Treason or Felony; and it is expedient to enable his Majesty to have been liable direct the Execution of any such Trusts or Purposes as aforesaid, and to make any Grants of any such in case they had Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as aforesaid, notwithstanding the Provisions contained in "ot cfchealed»

the said recited Acts be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, RoreTuch° by Warrant under his or their Sign Manual, to direct the Execution of any Trusts or Purposes to which Lar ds, or Re-' any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which have escheated or shall efeheat to ward the Per-his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall have been liable at the Time the same so escheated respectively, F°n* discoverin*. or would have been liable in the Hands of any of his Majesty's Subjects and to make any Grants of such £*ch Efclicau^ Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments respectively to any Trustee or Trustees, or otherwise, c* for the Execution of such Trusts, and to make any Grants of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which have escheated or shall efeheat as aforesaid, to any Person or Persons, either for the Purpose of restoring the same to any of the Family of the Person or Persons whose Estates the same had been, or of rewarding any Persons or Person making Discovery of any such Efeheat, as to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors respectively, shall seem fit; any Thing in the said Acts, or any of them, to the contrary notwithstanding,

---

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for the better preventing the Embezzlement of his Majesty's Nayal Ordnance, and Victualling Stores.

[28th July 1800.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second,

[22 Car. 2. c. 5.]

---

intituled, An Act for taking away the Benefit of Clergy from such ns Jftcal Qoth from the Rack, and from such as shallfieal or embexile his Majesty's Ammunition and Stored it is amongst other Things enacted, That no Person or Persons who shall feloniously steal or embezzle any of his Majesty's Sails, Cordage, or any other of his Majesty's Naval Stores, to the Value of twenty Shillings,

and be thereupon found guilty in Manner therein mentioned, shall be admitted to have the Benefit of his or their Clergy, but utterly be excluded thereof, and shall suffer Death in such Manner and Form as they should if they were no Clerks: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the ninth 9 te loGol. jr

and tenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the better preventing the Mmbexxlement of his Majesty's Stores of Wary and preventing Cheats, Frauds, and Abuses in paying Sea*

men's IV iges, a Penalty of two hundred Pounds, with Costs of Prosecution, is inflicted upon‘Persons in Whose Custody, Possession, or Keeping, shall be found, or who shall conceal contrary to the said Act any Warlike, Naval, or Ordnance Stores, marked in such Manner as therein mentioned: And whereas by another Act of Parliament made and passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First, in- 9 Gco» c.

% tituled, An Act for continuing some Laws and reviving others therein mentioned, for exempting Apothe* and:

caries from Jerv 'tng Parish and Ward Offices and upon Juries, and relating to Jurors, and to the Payment of Seamen s Wages, and the Preservatwn of Naval Stores and Stores of War, and concerning the Militia and Trophy Money, and against clandestine Running of Uncustomft Goods, and for the more effetiualpreventing,

Frauds relating to the Customs, and Frauds in mixing Silh with Stuffs to be exported, it is enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be lawfully convicted of having in his, her, or their Custody, or of concealing, any Timber, Thick Stuff, or Plank, marked with the Broad Arrow, by Stamp, Brand, or other- wife, every such Person shall suffer, forfeit, and pay as for having, keeping, or concealing any other War- like. Naval, or Ordnance Stores, contrary to the said Act of the ninth and tenth Years of King William

the Third; and by the said last recited Act Power is given to the Judge, Justice or Justices before whom any Offender shall be convicted of any of the Crimes or Offences before recited, to mitigate the'

Penalty for the same as he or they shall see Cause, or to punish such Offence corporally, by causing him, her, or them to be publickly whipt or committed to some Publick Workhouse, there to be kept to hard Labour for the Space of six Months, or a less Time, as to such Judge, Justicf or Justices, in his or their Discretion shall fedm meet:. And whereas by another Act of Parliament, made and passed in the

seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to continue the several Laxus J7 Geo *. c.

therein mentioned, for presenting Theft and Rapine on the Northern Borders of England, for the mere eft <0. ia ] re- j'eftual punishing wicked and eViUlifpGjt U Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to cited«

the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Just tice; for continuing two Clauses-to prevent the cutting or breaking doxun the Bank of any River or Sea Bank; and to prevent the malicious Cutting of Ho ft Binds, and for the more effectual runishment of Persons maliciously setting on Fire any Mine, Pit, or Delph of Coal or Cannel Coal; and of Persons unlawfully hunting, or taking any Red or Fallow Deer in Forests or Chaces, or beating or wounding the Keepers or other Officers in Forests, Chaces, or Paris; and for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce

432

C. 89.

Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Licence \ it is amongst other Things declared and enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to ami ter any Judge, Justice or Justices at the Assizes, or Justices of the Peace at General Quarter Sessions to be holden as therein mentioned, to bear, try, and determine, by Indictment or otherwise, all or any of the Crimes or Offences mentioned in the therein and herein recited Acts of the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, and the ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First; and that the said Judge, Justice or Justices of Assize, or Justices of the Peace, may impose any Fine not exceeding the Sum of two hundred Pounds on such Offender or Offenders, and may mitigate the said Penalty and forfeitures inflicted by the said recited Acts or either of them, or in lieu thereof punish such Offender or Offender* in the Premises corporally, by causing him, her, or them to be publickly whipt and committed to force House of Correction or publick Workhouse, there to be kept to hard Labour for the Space of three Months or less Time, as to such judge, Justice or Justices of Assize, or Justices of the Peace, shall in his or their Discretion seem meet: And whereas notwithstanding the Penalties and Punishments inflicted by the said recited Acts, the Stealers, Embezzlers, and Receivers of his Majesty's Warlike and Naval Ordnance ami Victualling Stores have greatly increased, so that it has become necessary to make some further and more effectual Provision for preventing their wrektd Practices in future:* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, 2nd Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Person or Persons (such Person or Persons not being a Contractor or Contractors, or employed as in the said recited Act of the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third is mentioned,) who shall willingly or knowingly sell or deliver, or cause or procureto be sold br delivered, to any Person or Persons whomever, or who shall willingly or knowingly receive or have in his, her, or their Custody, Possession, or Keeping, any Stores of War, or Naval, Ordnance, ur Victualling Stores* or #ny Goods whatsoever marked as in the said recited Acts are expressed, or anjCan-be deemed Re- -vas marked either with a blue Streak in the Middle, or with a blue Streak in a terpentine Form, or any centers of Stolen Be wper, other wise called Buntin, wrought with one of more Streaks of raised Tape (the said Stores of War, or Naval, Ordnance, or Victualling Stores or Goods above mentioned, or any of them, being in a raw or unconverted State, or being new or not more than one third worn), and such Person or Persons who shall conceal such Stores or Goods, or any of them, marked as aforesaid, shall be deemed Receivers of Stolen Goods knowing them to have been (tolen, and shall, on being convicted thereof in due Form.of Law, be transported beyond the Seas for the Term of fourteen Years, in like Manner as other Receivers of Stolen Goods are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, unless such Person or Persons shall upon his, her, or their Trial, produce a Certificate under the Hands of three or more of his Majesty's Principal Officers or commissioners of the Navy, Ordnance, or Victualling, expressing the Numbers, Quantities, or Weights of such Stores or Goods, as he, she, or they shall then be indicted for, and the Occasion and Reason of such Stores or Goods coming to his, hec, or their Hands or Possession.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Person or Persons (not being a Contractor or Contractors, or employed as aforesaid), in whose Custody, Possession, or Keeping any of the said Stores called Canvas, marked with a blue Streak in a terpentine Form, or Bewper, otherwise called Bun tin, wrought as above-mentioned, shall be found, (such Canvas or Bewper, otherwise called Buntin, not bc:ng charged to be new, or not more than one-third worn,) and all and every Person and Persons who shall be convicted of any Offence contrary to so much of the said recited Act of the ninth and, tenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, as relates to the making, or the having in Possession or concealing any ofnis Majesty's Warlike, or Naval, or Ordnance Stores, marked as therein specified, shall, befxdes forfeiting fuca Stores, and the Sum of two hundred Pounds, together with Cods of Suit as therein mentioned, be corporally punished by Pillory, Whipping, and Imprisonment, or by any or either of the said Ways and Means in such Manner and for such Space of Time as to the Judge or Justices before whom such Offender or Offenders lLII be convicted, shall seem meet; any Thing in the said last mentioned Act, or in the before* recited Acts of the ninth Year of King George the First, and the seventeenth Year of King George the Second, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Judge or Justices to mitigate the said Penalty of two hundred Pounds, as he or they shall see Cause.

recited Act of J

9 & 10 Gul. 3. if relates to warlike Stores, shall, besides the Forfeiture thereby imposed, suffer corporal Punishment. Penalty of aocl. maybe mitigated.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act or in the said recited Act of the ninr’i and tenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, contained, shall extend, or be deemed, taken, or construed to extend to exempt from the Operation of this Act, or the said recited Act respectively, any Person or Persons being a Contractor or Contractors, or employed as in the said last mentioned Act is mentioned, except only so far as concerns Stores or Goods marked as aforesaid, which dia l be bona fid: provided, made up, or manufactured by such Person or Persons, or by their Order, and which shall not have been before delivered into his Majesty's Store, unless having beenfo delivered, they shall have been fod or returned to such Person or Persons by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, Ordnance, or Victualling respectively.

Every Person (not being a Contractor, &c.} who shall tell or receive any new Stores of War, &c. or who shall conceal them, shall

4£aods, and as such transported for *4 Years, unless he produces on the Trial a Certificate from the Navy Board, *c.

Persons in whose Custody shall be found Canvas or Bun. till marked as herein mentioned (not ibeing charged to be new, or not more than 'one third worn), and Persons who shall be convicted of any Offence contrary to so much of the

Nothing herein Or in recited Act of 9 and 10 jGuJ. 3. shall exempt Contractors, &c. except so far as concern Stores which shall not have been bc-iorc delivered into his Majes-

;y’s Score, unless-they have been sold or returned by the Commissioners.

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 89. 433

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this Act, wilfully and fraudulently destroy, beat out, takeout, cutout, deface, obliterate, or erase, wholly or in Part, any of the Marks in the said Act of the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of* King William the Third, or in this Act mentioned, or any other Mark whatsoever, denoting^the Property of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in or to any Warlike or Naval, Ordnance or Victualling Stores, or cauie, procure, employ, or direct any other Person or Persons so to do, for the Purpose of concealing his Majesty's Property in such Stores, such Person or Persons shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall, on being convicted thereof, be transported to Parts beyond the Seas for the Term of fourteen Years in like Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

If any Person foal! deface any Mark denoting th^ Property of his Majesty in any Store*, or foall employ any person so nr do, he shall We deemed guilty of Felony, and

transported for 14 Years.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons who shall hereafter be convicted of any Offence contrary to this Act, for which he shall not have been transported beyond the Seas, or contrary to the said recited Act of the ninth and tenth Years of King William the Third, shall be guilty of a second Offence, either contrary to that Act or to this present Act, which would not otherwise, as the first Offence', subject him, her, or them to Transportation, and shall be thereof legally convidU ed, such Person or Persons shall, by Judgement of the Court wherein he, she, or they shall be so convicted, be transported to Parts beyond the Seas for the Term of fourteen Years, in like Manner as other Offenders may be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm now in force.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons transported in Persons return-pursuance of this Act shall return into any Part of Great Britain or Ireland before the End or Expiration ino^mn of the Term for which he or she shall have been so transported, every such Person or Persons so returning u^Actfosil shall suffer as Felons, and shall have Execution awarded against him, her, or them, as Persons attainted of ./ufor as Feioni Felony without Benefit of Clergy. without Bene-

fit olCler$y.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Court before whorti any Offender or Offenders shall be indicted and convicted of all or any of the Crimes or Offences herein-before mentioned to be punishable with Transportation, to mitigate or commute such Punishment, by causing the Offender or Offenders to be set on the Pillory, publickly whipt, fined or imprisoned, or by all or any one or more of the said Ways and Means, as such Court in its Discretion shall think fit; one Moiety of which Fine (if any imposed) shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Informer, and also to order such Offender or Offenders to be imprisoned until such Fine be paid; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

The Court may mitigate the Punishment of Transportation by Pillory, Whipping, Fine, or Info prisonment;. Application of Fines, one Half to the Informer,

and one Half to the King.

VIII. ‘And whereas the establishing by Law a certain Reward to the Discoverers of Persons guilty of (teal- ing or embezzling any of his Majesty's Naval, Ordnance, or Victualling Stores, or of any of the Crimes or Offences mentioned in the said recited Act of the ninth and tenth Years of King William the Third, or in this Act, might tend greatly to the Detedtton of such Offenders be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall discover to his Majesty's Principal Officers or Commissioners of the Navy, Ordnance, or Victualling, for the Time being, or apprehend, or first inform against any Offender or Offenders who shall have been guilty of dealing or embezzling his Majesty's Stores of War, or Naval, Ordnance, or Victualling Stores, or of any of the Offences mentioned in the said recited Act of the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, or in this present Act herein-before mentioned, which shall not be prosecuted in a fttmmary Way hereirt-after preferred*, so as such Offender or Offenders be convicted thereof, such Discoverer or Discoverers, Apprehenders or Informers, shall have and receive a Reward for such his, her, or their Discovery, of for so apprehending or first informing as aforesaid, the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such Offence so discoverea; over and above any Share of Penalty or Fine which he, she, or they may be entitled to as the Informer or Informers; so as such Share of Penalty or Fine do not amount to more than the Sum of twenty Pounds, or (if amounting to more than that Sum) shall fail to be paid by the Offender or Offenders upon whom the same shall be inflicted for the Space of three Calendar Months next after his, her, or their Conviction, provided such Offenderor Offenders shall not be detained in pursuance of any Sentence of Imprisonment; and if so detained, such Share of Penalty or Fine shall fail to be paid within three Calendar Months next after the Expiration of such Sentence of Imprisonment.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall arise between oj* among any Persons who shall have discoveredv apprehended, or informed against any Offender or Offenders as to their Title to the said Reward of twenty rounds, such Dispute shall be determined by any one or more of the Commissioners either of his Majesty's Navy, Ordnance, or Victualling, as the Offence may have related to their Departments respectively, upon the Oaths of the Claimants, to be taken in Writing either before such Commissioner, or before one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, (which Oaths the said Commissioner or Justice is hereby authorised to administer,) and whatsoever Decision or Adjudication shall be made by such Commissioner, touching the Premises, shall be final between the Parties.

39 & 4° Geo. III. 3K X. And

If any Person foall discover to the Navy Board, &c. or apprehend any Offender guilty of ftcaUng or em-bezziing his Majesty's Stores, or of any Offence. 'fcgainst recited Act of 9 and zoi Gul. 3. or Chi* Act, which foall not he prosecuted in a summary Way, he foall, on Conviction, receive a Reward of aol. over his Share of Penalty, if not more than that Sum. *[§ 18, &c.]

If any Dispute foall arise re- y spefting the Tit P- to such Reward, it foajl he ch rermined by any of the Ci'nun.iiionef s vt the Navy, vc.

434 C. 89. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Reward shall he paid on Certificate from the Officer of the Court where the Offender shall be tried, for which he may charge 55.

Any Commissioner of the Navy, &c. or any Justice of the Peace may grant Warrants for searching Houses, See. Where Oath is made that there is Reason to susped Stores belonging to his Majesty are concealed.

If any Stores or Goods (marked as herein-before, or in the recited Act of $ and ioGuI 3. mentioned)

shall be found, the Offender shall be dealt with according to Law $ and if upon such Search, or any Seizure of Steves or Goods marked as aforesaid, any not marked shall be found

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, Ordnance, or Victualling, as the Case may require, shall cause the said Reward of twenty Pounds to be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy or Ordnance respectively for the Time being, out of any Publick Money in his Hands, upon producing to them a Certificate, under the Hand of the Clerk of Assize, or his Deputy, or other proper Officer of the Court before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be tried, certifying the Corlviction of the Offender or Offenders, and that the Informer’s Share of any Penalty or Fine inflicted upon such Offender or Offenders doth not amount to more than the Sum of twenty Pounds, or if amounting to more, hath failed to be paid by such Offender or Offenders for the Space of three Months next after his or their Conviction; unless such Offender or Offenders shall then be detained in purfuauceof any Sentence of Imprisonment, and then for the Space of three Months next after the Expiration of such Sentence; which Certificate the said Clerk of Assize, or other proper Officer is hereby required to give; and for which he shall charge the Sum of five Shillings, and no more; and the Money paid by any such Treasurer on account of such Rewards, shall be allowed in his Accounts, and he shall be discharged thereof accordingly; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Commissioner of the Navy, Ordnance, or Victualling, for the Time being, (who, for the Purposes herein after mentioned, is hereby authorised to act in every Respect as if he had been named as a Justice of the Peace in the Commission of the Peace for the County, City, Division.Town Corporate, Liberty, or Place in which he shall be resident, or into which his Warrant shall be issued,) or any Justice of the Peace for any County, Division, City, Town Corporate, Liberty, or Place, within this Kingdom, upon the Oath of one or more credible Person or Persons, that there is Reason or Cause to suspect that any Navy, Ordnance, or Visual-ling Stores or Goods belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, are concealed in any Dwelling House, Warehouse, Workshop, Outhouse, Yard. Garden or other Place, or on board any Ship, Vessel, Barge, Boat, or otheF Craft, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause every such Dwelling House, Warehouse, Workshop, Outhouse, Yard, Garden, or Place, Ship, Vessel, Barge, Boat, or other Craft, in whatsoever County, Division, City, Town Corporate, Liberty, or Place, the same or any of them shall be, (in case such Warrant shall be granted by a Commissioner as aforesaid,) to be searched in the Day Time, by any Police Officer, Constable, Headborough, or other Peace Officer, either of the County, Division, City. Town Corporate, Liberty, or Place in which the Premises, Ship, Vessel, Barge, Boat, or other Craft shall be, or in which the Commissioner granting such Warrant (if granted by a Commissioner) shall then reside; and in case any Stores or Goods marked as herein-before or in the said recited Act of the ninth and tenth Years of King William the Third is mentioned, shall upon such Search be found, to cause the same, and the Offender or Offenders, to be brought before such Commissioner or Justice of the Peace, who is hereby required to commit or bind over, or otherwise to deal with such Offender or Offenders according to Law, fcTr such his or their Offence; and that in case, upon any such Search, or upon any Seizure whatsoever of Stores or Goods, marked as aforesaid, any Naval, Ordnance or Victualtransm[^i]tt transmittling Stores, not so marked as aforesaid# shall be found, which may reasonably be suspected to belong to his Majesty, the Party or Parties in whose Possession or keeping the same shall be found, shall be required to give to the Commissioner or Justice of the Peace respectively before whom the said Stores or Goods shall and may be brought, an Account to the Satisfaction of such Commissioner or Justice, that the same were not embezzled or stolen from any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels, Yards* Storehouses, or other Places, or that if the same were embezzled or stolen, the same had come to the Possession of the said Party or Parties honestly, and without any Knowledge or Suspicion that the same had been embezzled or stolen; ort Failure whereof by a reasonable Time to be ftt by such Commissioner or Justice of the Peace, the said Stores or Goods shall thereupon become forfeited, and such Party or Parties shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdeameanour.

suspected tche-

song to his iMaJc fty, and the Party shall rot give a satisfactory Account thereof, they shall be forfeited, and he shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor.

Persons deputed by the Commissioners of the Navy, See, may detain any Craft in which may be fufpt&ed to be contained any Articles stolen from his Majesty's Vessels, &c and the Parties; who shall be dealt with according to Law respedking marked Stores, and tl»ofe not marked, suspected to belong to his Majesty, and

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons deputed or appointed by the principal Officers or Commissioners of the Navy, Ordnance, of Victualling, or any three of them respectively, at any Time or Times from and after the patting of thitf Ad, to stop, search, and detain infome Place of Safety, any Barge, Boat, or other Craft, which there shall be Reason to susped doth contain any Naval, Ordnance, or Victualling Stores, KopeS, Tackle, Apparel, Furniture, Arms, Ammunition, Materials, and Things stolen, embezzled, or unlawfully procured from or out of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels, Yards, Storehouses, or other Places, and also to apprehend and detain, or cause to be apprehended and detained, any Person or Persons who may be reasonably suspected of having or conveying any such Stores or other Things in such Barge, Boat, or Craft, and such Person or Persons so apprehended shall be (as soon as conveniently may be) conveyed before any Commissioner of the Navy, Ordnance, or Victualling for the Time being, or before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Division, City, Town Corporate, Liberty, or Place in which such Seizure shall be made, together with the Stores, Ropes, Tackle, Apparel^ Furniture, Arms, Ammunition, Materials, and Things so found in such Boat or other Craft; which said Commissioner or Justice is hereby required tat commit or bind over, or otherwise to deal with such Person or Persons according to Law, in respect to any of the said last mentioned Stores and Things which shall be so marked as aforesaid: and in respect to any of such Stores and Things which shall not be so marked, but which shall nevertheless be reasonably suspected to be the Property of his Majesty, the said Person or Persons on whom the same shall be found shall be required

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 89. 435

not fetisfa&ori*

)y accounted for, shall be for* foiled, and the Party deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor.

[See § ix ]

If the Person* be convicted of dealing marked Articles, or adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor

quired to give an Account, to the Satisfaction of such Commissioner or Justice, that the same were not embezzled or stolen as aforesaid, or that if they were embezzled or stolen, the same had come to his or their Possession honestly, and without any Knowledge or Suspicion that the same had been embezzled or stolen; on Failure whereof, by a reasonable Time to be set as aforesaid *, the said last mentioned Stores or Things shall thereupon become forfeited, and the said Person or Persons so apprehended shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor; and in case the said Person or Persons shall be convicted of stealing, embezzling, or unlawfully having in his, her, or their Possession any of the said Stores or Things which shall be so marked as aforesaid, or shall be adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor for'not giving a satisfactory Account as aforesaid, with refj>eCl to such of the said Stores or Things as shall not be so marked as aforesaid, such Barge, Boat, or other Craft in which A such Stores or Things, or any of them, shall be found, wkh its Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, shall, upon such Conviction or Adjudication, become and be adjudged by such Commissioner or Justice forfeited, and shall be disposed of in Manner herein after mentioned with respect to

unmarked ones, the Craft in whkh found shall be forfeited. +[§ *$ J

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Personsk dc-any Person or Persons deputed or appointed as aforesaid, or any Police Officer, Constable, Headborough, Police* o/Peace or other Peace Officer, or any Beadle or Watchman, (during such Time as he shall be on Duty,) of every officer, may Parish and Place where he shall be an Officer, to apprehend and detain, or cause to be apprehended and de-« apprehend Pertained, all and every Person and Persons who may reasonably be suspected of having or carrying, or anyways fonsfuf^&edof Conveying any Naval, Ordnance, or Victualling Stores, Ropes, Tackle, Apparel, Furniture, Arms, Ammunition, Materials, and Things stolen or unlawfully procured from or out of any of his Majesty's Ships Majesty^Vef-or Vessels, Yards, Storehouses, or other Places, and also to seize and detain in some Place of Safety, such Stores, Materials, or Things as last aforesaid; and as Toon as conveniently may be to convey, or caofe the Person or Persons so apprehended to be conveyed before any Commissioner of the Navy, Ordnance, or Victualling, or before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for any County, Division, City,

Town Corporate, Liberty, or Place in or near to the Place of Seizure, together with the said Stores and other Things; and such and the like Proceedings shall and may be had and taken against the said Person or Persons, in respect of such last mentioned Stores or Things, whether marked or not marked, and such Forfeiture be incurred, and Adjudication made, as are above directed with respect to Stores found in any Barge,

Boat, or other Craft as aforesaid.

fols, &c. and may seize the \ Articles, and fconvey them and the Parties before a Justice, and the like Proceedings shall be had as with respect to Stores found in any Craft. Articles herein

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Stores, Ropes, Tacklev Apparel, Furniture, Arms, Ammunition, Materials, and Things, which are herein-before declared to be, declared to be forfeited or\ the Party or Parties not giving to the Commissioner or Justice a satisfactory Account that the forfeited on the same were not embezzled or stolen as aforesaid, shall be forthwith returned into his Majesty's Store, and shall be applied for the Use and Benefit of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, unrless Proof shall be made within three Calendar Months next following such Seizure, to the Satisfaction of such Commissioner or Justice of the Peace, that the same Stores and other Things are the Property of any other Person or Persons; in which Case the said Commissioner or Justice shall cause the same to be forthwith delivered up to such Person or Persons, on his or their giving a proper Receipt or Discharge for the same, and paying the reasonable Costs and Charges, (to be set by such Commissioner or Justice,) attending the Conveyance thereof to and from his Majesty's Store, and the Warehousing or iafe Custody thereof from the Time of the Seizure.

XV. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Commissioner or Justice of the Peace respectively by whom any Barge, Boar, or other Craft shall be adjudged to be forfeited in pursuance of this Act, and he is hereby authorised and required forthwith after such Adjudication, to issue his Warrant to the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs at the Port at or neared to the Place where such Seizure shall be made, for the Sale of such Barge, Boat, or other Craft; which said Collector or other Chief Officer, by virtue thereof shall, and is hereby authorised and required within one Month then next following, to cause such Barge, Boat, or other Craft, together with its Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, to be publickly sold to the highest Bidder, Notice of which Sale shall be given in iorne or one of the Publick Papers in Circulation in the City, Town Corporate, or Place where such Sale shall be made; and the Money arifrng from such Sale, after Payment of the reasonable Expences and Charges attending the same, and of securing such Barge, Boat, or other Craft from the Time of the Seizure thereof (to be ascertained by such Commissioner or Justice of the Peace) shall thereupon be forthwith paid by such Collector or other Officer of the Customs into the Hands of such Commissioner or Justice of the Peace respectively, and be by such Commissioner or Justice within one Calendar Month then next following paid and disposed of in the Manner following; (that is to say,) one Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons (or his or their Representatives, if dead) who shall have made Seizure of such Barge, Boat, or other Craft, and the other Moiety thereof to the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy for the Time being (in case the Stores seized shall be Naval or Victualling Stores) to be by him applied in such and the same Manner as the Monies arifiogfrom the Sale of Old Stores in his Majesty's Dock Yards now are, or for the Time being shall \>e applicable; and in case the Stores seized shall be Ordnance Stores, then the said other Moiety shall be paid to the Treasurer of his Majesty's Ordnance for the Time being, to be by him applied in such Manner, for the Use of his Majesty, as the Matter General and Principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance for the Time being shall order and diretSL

ing a satisfactory Account of them, shall he returned into his Majesty* Stores, and applied for hi* Use, unless ' Proof be made, within three Months to the contrary.

The Commissioner or Justice by whom any Craft shall be adjudged to be forfeited, shall issue hit, Warrant to the Officer of the Customs for the Safe thereof, -who shall cause it and the Furniture to be publickly fold, and the Produce shall be paid to the Commissioner or Justice, and disposed of, one Half to the Seizor of the Craft, and the other to> the Nary Boards SiC*

43^ 0.89. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Persons purity of Misdemeanors shall forfeit for the Aril Offence 40s. for the second 5l. ferthethird icl. which may be levied tty Dif. trtfs, to be np -plied, one Half to the Informer and one Half to the Navy Board, &c. and if Distress cannot be found, the Offender, (who shall be kept in Custody,) shall be committed for three Months.

Adjudications in Misdemeanors shall be certified to the next General Quarter Sessions, and shall be final.

Any Commissioner of the Navy, &c. or Justice of the Peace may determine any Complaint (against Persons not being Contractors, &c.) for unlawfully felling or receiving Stores not exceeding ap Shillings Value, and may tine the Offender 10L

Fins may be levied by Distress, and applied, one Half to the Informer, and one Half to the Navy Board, &c. (Sc* ff 15 )

If sufficient Distress cannot be found, the Offender may be com*

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person deemed and adjudged guilty of any of the Misdemeanors aforesaid, before any Commissioner or Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, shall for every such Misdemeanor forfeit for the first Offence the Sum of forty Shillings; for the second Offence the Sum of five Pounds, and for the third and every subsequent Offence the Sum of ten Pounds, over and above the other Forfeitures above mentioned; all which said respective Forfeitures shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender, (rendering to him or them the Overplus, after the Charges of the said Distress and Sale deduced,) by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Commissioner or Justice of the Peace, before whom such Offender was convicted, directed to any Constable or other Peace Officer of the County, Division, City, Town Corporate, Liberty or Place, and shall be disposed of in Manner following; (that is to say,) one Moiety to the Person or Persons apprehending such Offender or Offenders, or giving Information, as the Case shall be, and the other Moiety thereof to the Treasurer of the Navy or Ordnance for the Time being, as the Case may require, to be applied as before mentioned; and in case the Constable or other Peace Officer to whom such Warrant shall be directed, shall return to such Commissioner or Justice of the Peace that the Offenders or Offender named therein have not or hath not any Goods or Chattels in his County or Constablewick, whereby he can levy the,' said Penalty, (which Return the said Constable or other Peace Officer is hereby required in that Case to make within a reasonable Time to be fetby the said Commissioner or Justice of the Peace, and during which Time the said Offenders or Offender shall be kept in safe Custody by the Order of such Commissioner or Justice of the Peace,) then and in such Case the said Commissioner or Justice shall, and he is hereby required by Warrant under his Hand and Seal directed, as aforesaid, to cause such Offenders or Offender to be committed to the Common Gaol of the County, Division, City, Town Corporate, Liberty, or Place, in which such Seizure shall have been made, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for thei Space of three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty shall be sooner paid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every Adjudication in any of the said Misdemeanors shall be certified by the Commissioner or Justice of the Peace making the same, to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Division, City, Town Corporate or Place in which such Seizure shall be made, to be filed and entered amongst the Records of the said Session; and such Conviction shall not be set aside or quashed for Want of Form, nor be liable to be removed by Certiorari, Advocation, or Sufpcn-fion into any other Court, but shall be deemed and taken to be final to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XVIII. And whereas it might tend to prevent the Commission of Offences if Power were given to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, Ordnance, and Victualling, and his Majesty's Justices of the Peace out of Sessions, to hear and determine Offences in a summary Way in Cases where the Stores found are of small Value, and to fine or otherwise punish the Offenders accordingly ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Principal Officer or Commissioner of the Navy, Ordnance, or Victualling for the Time being, or any Justice of the Peace for any County, Division, City, Town Corporate,'Liberty, or Place within this Kingdom, to hear and determine any Complaint against any Person or Persons (not being a Contractor or Contractors, or employed as aforesaid) for unlawfully felling or delivering, or causing or procuring to be sold or delivered, or for receiving or having in his, herr or their Custody, Possession, pr Keeping, or for concealing any Stores of War, or Naval, Ordnance, or Victualling Stores or Goods marked with such Marks respectively as are herein-before mentioned, of any Value in the; Whole not exceeding twenty Shillings; which said Commissioner or Justice respectively is hereby authorised and required upon any Information exhibited or Complaint made in that Behalf, at any Time within three Calendar Months next after any such Offence shall have been committed, to cause the Party or Parties accused to be apprehended and brought before him; or if he, she, or they shall have absconded, or cannot be found, then to be summoned to appear before such Commissioner or Justice, by a Notice or Summons left at his, her, or their last or usual Place of Abode; and also to cause the Witnesses on either Side to be summoned; and such Commissioner or Justice shall examine into the Matter of Fa<ft, and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath the said Commissioner or Justice respectively is hereby authorised to administer,) give Judgment or Sentence accordingly 5 and in case the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of such Offence, then it shall and may be lawful to and for such Commissioner or Justice of the Peace respectively to inflict a Fine of ten Pounds upon him, her, or them, for such his, her, or their Offence; which said Fine so inflicted shall be divided and distributed, one Moiety thereof to the Informer or Discoverc-r of the Offence, and the other Moiety thereof (the necessary Charges for the Recovery thereof bring first dedudfed) to the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy or Ordnance, as the Case may be, to be by him applied in such Manner as herein before mentioned with respect to the Produce of Barges, Boats, or other Craft seized and sold under the Authority of this Act, and to award and issue out his Warrant under his Hand and Seal for levying such Fine (o adjudged on the Goods of the Offender or Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof for Payment of such b ine and the reasonable Charges of Distress, (to be judged of by such Commissioner or Justice respectively,) in case they shall not be redeemed within six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any; and wh*re sufficient Goods of the Party cannot be found to answer the said Fine, to commit the said Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol of the County, Division, City, Town Corporate, Liberty, or Place, for the Space of three Calendar Months, unless such Fine shall be sooner paid, or in lieu of such Fine, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be imprisoned and kept to hard Labour in the House of Correction for the Space of three Calendar Months, as to such Commissioner or Justice of the Peace respectively Hull

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 437

be thought fit; and every such Commissioner or Justice shall cause the Amount of every such last men- mitted to the tioned Moiety of Fine which he shall so receive, and also the Moiety of every Sum arising from the Sale of any Barge, Boat, or other Craft sold under the Authority of this Act and paid into his Hands as aforesaid, Fine may be ° to be paid into the Hands of the said Treasurer of the Navy or Ordnance, within thirty Days after the kept to hard Expiration of the Year in which such Fines shall be received by him, or in Default thereof such Commil- Labour in the fioner or Justice respectively shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered with double Costs of Suit, Houi'e of Corby any Person or Persons who shall sue for the lame by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any [hree°Months. of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland, wherein no Efloigrt, H)^ tj,° Moi*c. Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; one Moiety of which last tie* payable to mentioned Fine shall go to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to him or the Navy Board, them who shall sue for the same as aforesaid. &c-fiiaJ1 bt' Paid

in by the Justices.

XIX. Provided always nevertheless. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioner or Justice before whom any Person shall be convicted in a summary Way as aforesaid (if he shall see Cause), to mitigate and lefienany such before-mentioned Fine of ten Pounds, to be inflated in that Behalf as he shall think fit, (the reasonable Costs of the Officers and Informers, as well in making the Discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed over and above such Mitigation,) and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Fine to less than one Moiety of the said Sum of ten Pounds, over and above the said Costs and Charges; any Thing contained in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case such Commissioner or Justice of the Peace shall, upon the hearing and determining of such Complaint as aforesaid, adjudge the Offender or Offenders, in lieu of a Fine, to be imprisoned and kept to hard Labour as aforesaid, that then the Informer, or Person or Persons who shall have discovered such Offender or Offenders shall have and receive, as a Reward for such his, her, or their Discovery, the Sum of five Pounds for every such Offence so discovered; and the Principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, Ordnance, or Victualling, as the Case may require, shall cause the said Reward of five Pounds to be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy or Ordnance respectively for the Time being, out of any publick Money in his Hands, upon such Informer or other Perfoti producing to them a Certificate.under the Hand and Seal of the Commissioner or Justice of the Peace who shall have convicted such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid, certifying such Conviction and the Punishment which he hath inflicted upon the Offender or Offenders; and the Name or Names of the Person or Persons who in his Judgment is entitled, and in what Proportion or Proportions to such Reward; which Certificate the said Commissioner or Justice of the Peace respebbvely is hereby required to give without Fee or Reward; and the Money paid by any such Treasurer on Account of such last mentioned Rewards shall be allowed in his Accounts, and he shall be discharged thereof accordingly; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: Provided also, That no such summary Proceeding as before mentioned shall be had before any Justice of the Peace under the Authority of this Act, without the Confenc in Writing of the Principal Officers or Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, Ordnance, or Victualling for the Time being, or one of them, for that Purpose first had and obtained; and that every Adjudication or Sentence to be had or given without such Consent as aforesaid, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall find himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by the Judgement of any such Commissioner or Justice, touching or concerning any such Stores as last aforesaid, under the Value of twenty Shillings, then he, she, or they shall or may, upon entering into a Recognizance to his Majesty, with one or more Surety or Sureties, to the Sati$faction of such Commissioner or Justice, to the Amount of treble the Value of such P ine, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at their next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Diviuon, City, Town Corporate, Liberty, or Place wherein the Offence was committed, who are hereby empowered to summonand examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and hi case the Judgement shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices of the Peace to award the Person or Persons so appealing to pay such Costs occasioned by such Appeal as to them the said Justices shall seem meet, and to enforce Payment thereof, according to the Courie and Practice of such Court.

XXII. And in order to avoid frivolous and vexatious Appeals,’be it further enacted, That the Commissioner or Justice of the Peace before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect mutatis mutandis; which Conviction shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, without dating the Case, or the Fadls or Evidence, in any more particular Manner; (that is to say*)

BE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord A\ B.

of in the of was convicted before me C.D. one of the Commissioners of his Majesty's for, one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the of as the Case

may be) for that the said A.B. on the Day of now last past, at the of

in the said of did [herejlate the Offence against the Act] contrary to the Statute in such

Case made and provided.

Given under my Hand and Seal the Day of in the Year of out Lord

Fine of iol may be mitigated to one Halt, betides Expences.

If in lieu of a Fine the Offender be imprisoned, the Informer (halt receive 5l. Reward from the Navy Board, &c. upon Production of a Certificate from the Commissioners or Justices who convicted him*

No summary Pro;ecding to be had before any Justice without the Consent of the Comm i (Ron cn of the Navy,&c.

Persons thinking themselves aggrieved by any Judgement touching Stores under the Value of so$. may appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

Convictions shall be made out in the following Form, or to the like Ei-fed.

Form of Conviction*

Which

438 C. 89.

Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Conri&lons to

U returned to the next Central Quarter Scf-(ions to be tiled, and shall not be removed by Certiorari, fee. Witnesses ne-glediing to attend shall forfeit ioI.

Which Conviction the said Commissioner or Justice shall cause to be written fairly upon Parchment or Paper, and returned to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Division, City, Town Corporate, Liberty, or Place where such Conviction was made, to be filed by the Clerk of the Peace, and there to remain and be kept among the Records of the same County, Division, City, Town Corporate, Liberty, or Place, and the same shall not be removed by Certiorari, Advocation, or Suspension, into any Court whatsoever.

Nothing herein Hull prevent. Parties accused of felling or rer cciving Stores

Coods, so as the Offender be cot twice pu-pished for the Hunt Offence.

'the Commissioners of the

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses, to give Evidence before such Commissioner, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, touching any of the Matters relative to this Act, either on the Part of the Prosecutor or the Party or Parties accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed by such Commissioner or Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom the Seizure, Complaint, or Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered, levied, and paid and applied, in such Manner and by such Means as is above directed with respect to Fines on summary Convictions.

XXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing herein-before contained which gives to any Commissioner or Justice of the Peace Power or Authority to hear and determine Offences in a summary Way, shall extend or be deemed, constiucd, or taken to extend, to prevent the Party

- or Parties accused of felling or delivering, or of having in his, her, or their Custody, Possession, or Keeping,

under°the Value or of receiving or concealing any of the Stores marked as above mentioned, under the Value of twenty Shil-of *06. from lings, from being prosecuted as Receivers of stolen Goods under this Act, or for unlawfully having the same

being profc- jQ his, her, or their Custody, or concealing the same under the said recited Acts of the ninth and tenth Years

of the Reign of King William the Third, the ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First, or the seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, in any Court of Record, Oyer and Terminer, or other wise, as they might have been if no such Power or Authority had been given; or to take away from any Person or Court whatsoever any Power, Right, Jurisdiction, Pre-eminence, or Authority, which he or they, or any of them, ought lawfully to have had and enjoyed for the hearing and determining of such Offences, in case no such Power or Authority to hear and determine the same in a summary Way had been given* so as that the same Person shall not be punched twice for the same Offence.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of the Navy, Ordnance, or Victualling, for the Time being, may sell and dispose of any of the Stores aforesaid so marked as aforesaid, as they did or

icU^marked m#y m*8ht have done before the making of this Act; and that such Person or Persons as heretofore have or shall Stores, and the hereafter buy any such Stores or other Stores so marked as aforesaid, of the said respective Commissioners, Buyers may may keep and enjoy the same, without incurring the Penalty of this Act, or any Law to the contrary what-

kaep them, soever, unon producing a Certificate or Certificates, under the Hand and Seal of three or more of the find without incur- Commissioners, that they bought such Goods or Stores from them at any Time before they sold or delivered nadf/onpro- ^ame» or before the lame were found in their Custody, or a Certificate from such Person or Persons as ducing aCcrd- Qiall appear to have bought the said Stores from them the said Commissioners, that the Stores fofold or delineate of their, vered by them, orfo found in their Custody, were the Stores or Part of the Stores so bought of the said Commissioners as aforesaid; in which Certificate or Certificates, the Quantities of such Stores shall be expressed, and the Time when and where bought of the said Commissionersl who, or any three or more of them for the Time being, and also the Person or Persons afterwards felling the same, are hereby empowered and directed from Time to Time to give such Certificate to such Person or Persons as shall desire the same, and have bought and shall hereafter buy any of the aforesaid Stores within thirty Days after the Sale and Delivery thereof

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall make, ins or publtfh- sign, or give any false Certificate, Bill of Parcels, or other Instrument, purporting the Identity or the Sale ing falseCertifi- or Jjjfposal Qf any Goods or Stores as Goods or Stores so purchased of the said Commissioners as aforesaid, corpond°Pu- or any Person or Persons shall utter or publish any such false Certificate, Bill of Parcels, or other Instru-rushment, (as nient purporting as aforesaid, knowing the same to be false, every such Offender, upon Conviction thereof

indue Form of Law, shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and be further corporally punished, as by this Act is directed with respect to Persons having in their Possession or concealing his Majesty's Warlike, Naval, or Ordnance Stores, contrary to the said Act of the ninth and tenth Years of King William the Third; one Moiety of which Penalty shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to the Informer, to be recovered in such Manner as the Penalty of two hundred Pounds, inflicted by the said last mentioned Act, is by that Act or any Law now in force, made recoverable.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall be sued or prosecuted for or by Hull be sued for reason of their seizing any such Stores or Goods as aforesaid, or any Barge, Boat, or other Cralt in which the smd (hai improve (aroeshall have been deposited, and upon the Trial of the I fine shall make Proof, that such Goods or Storesfo on the Trial seized by him or them, or any Part thereof, were so marked as aforesaid, or if not, so marked, might reasonably

be suspected to belong to his Majesty, or in caie the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in such Action or Suit, shall not at such Trial make good Proof that he or they was or were so employed, or had such Certificate as aforesaid, and that he or they did shew such Certificate to the Defendant or Defendants before the Action or Suit was commenced or brought, and that such Delendantor Defendants did not thereupon deliver or offer to deliver back unto the Plaintiff:’or Plaintiffs, at their Request, all such Goods and Stores as aforesaid, and the Barge, Boat, or other Craft (if any) in which the same had been deposited, in as good Plight and Condition as they

S were

having bought them.

Penalty for giv-

under § z.)

Penalty Half ta the King and Half to the Informer.

If any Person

that the Stores were marked, or if not marked might be fuf-ptfted to belong to his Majesty, or if the

Plaintiff shall

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 89. 439

were at the Time of the Seizure thereof, such Defendant or Defendants shall be acquitted and found not guilty thereupon.

not prove that lie had a Certificate, &c. the Defendant shall be acquitted.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Commissioner of the Navy, The Commis. Ordnance, or Victualling, acting in the Execution of this Act, shall have and be entitled to the Benefit and havMhe Benefit Protection given to the Justices of the Peace in and by an Act of Parliament made in the seventh Year of the given to Justice* Reign of the late Kin? "James the First, intituled, An Act for Ease in pleading troublesome and contentious of the Peace by Suits prosecuted^against justices of the Peace, Mayors, Con ft ablest and certain other his Majestys Officers, for 7 Jac* c. 5. the lawful Execution of their Office; and also in and by one other Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-

first Year of the Reign of the said late King sames, intituled, An Act to enlarge and make perpetual the Act, 21 J*c. i.c» 1a. made for Eafi in pleading against troublesome and contentious Steils prosecuted against Justices of the Peace, and Mayorx. Con ft able s, and certain other his Majesty's Officer s, for the lawful Execution of their Office, made in the seventh Tear qfhis Majestfs most happy &etgn; and also in and by one other Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for ren- 04 Geo. 2.0.44* dering Justices of the Peace more Jefe in the Execution of their Office, and for indemnifying Constables and others acting in.Obedience to their Warrants, in as full and ample Manner and Form as if such Commissioner -had been a Justice of the Peace within the true Intent and Meaning of the said Acts of Parliament, or any of them; and that all and every Constable, Headborough. or other Peace Officer, or Person acting under and the Peace the Warrant or Authority of such Commissioner in pursuance of this Act, shall, besides the Protection Officers given to Persons making Seizures as above mentioned, have and be entitled to the full Benefit and Pro- {half have The tedion of the said several last mentioned Acts of Parliament, in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes Protection of as if be or they had acted under the Warrant or Authority of a Justice of the Peace within the Meaning of the said Act*. the same Acts.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this present Act shall extend to that to extend \ Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland; and it is hereby declared and enacted by the Autho- 10 ScotI*nd* rity aforesaid, that all Persons who shall commit: within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland any of the Offences against this Act herein-before expressed, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, shall be liable to the same Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities which by this present Act are declared to be applicable to similar Offences committed within that Part of Great Britain called England.

XXX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons accused of having Offenders ?n

committed any of the Offences against this Act, herein-before described, within that Part of Great Britain t^cd according called Scotland, shall be tried according to the Forms used and observed by the Law of Scotland in Trials for to the Fomui* Theft or Reset of Theft. \ Trial* for

Theft or Refer of Theft.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons accused of Offences and Misdemeanors against this Act within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for which when committed in England, a summary Mode of Trial and Conviction is herein-before established, may be tried in the same summary Manner withip that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, before the Judge Ordinary of the Bounds, or before two or more Justices of the Peace in or out of Sessions, and being lawfully convicted thereof, by their own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witnesses, shall be punished in the Manner herein-before directed in Cases of such summary Trial and Conviction in England.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such summary Prosecutions within that Part of Great Britain called $C0//<w/,shall proceed, either at the instance of the Procurator Fiscal of the Court before which the Party is to be tried, or at the instance of his Majesty's Naval Storekeeper at L(eith for the Time being, with Concourse of such Procurator Fiscal.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures to be imposed on any Person by virtue of this Act, within that Part of Great Britain caiicd Scotland, shall be applied in the Manner herein-before directed with regard to similar Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures to be imposed by virtue of this Act in that Part of Great Britain called England.

XXXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases in which by this prefcht Act or otherwise it is necessary or lawful to institute any Suit, Plaint, Bill, or Action, before any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, for any Thing done contrary to or in pursuance of this Act within that Part of Great Britain called England, it shall be lawfjl in all similar Cases occurring within that Part of Ci/eat Britain called Scotland, for the Party to bring his Action before the Court of Exchequer there, according to the Forms and Usages observed in that Court: Provided always, That such Action or Suit be brought within the Time above specified for bringing such Actions in England. '

may be instituted In the Court of

Person* accused of Offences in Scotland, for which in England a summary Mode of Trial is established, may be so tried there.

At whose Inflame summary Prosecutions in Scotland shall proceed.

Penalties In Scotland to be applied as in England.

In Case* where in England Suits may be instituted in any Court oT Record at Westminster, In similar Cases in Scotland they Exchequer there.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Questions whatsoever occur- InQueflions In ring within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland upon all Matters and Things done contrary to or in Scotland upon pursuance of this Act, and which are not herein-before expressly provided for, Regard shall be had to the ^Tided

Laws and Ufuges gbfervdd in Scotland in like Cases 3 any Thing herein expressed to the contrary notwith- f0crr, rhe^ws* standing. there to be ©b«

served.

From Au*. i, 1800, in Cases of Difference between Masters and Workmen in the Cotton Manufacture in England, which cannot be mutually adjusted, the Matter in JDispute may be referred to Arbitration*

Arbitrators empowered to summon Wit-nt fifes and administer Cfoths*

If fehey'domft a^ree and sign the Award within 3 Days after Submission, they Shall State the Points in Difference to a Justice, who shall finally decide therein. Parties or Wit-milts refuting to attend Arbitrators, and after bring b' ouflit be tore a Justice, refuting to give Evidence, may

440 C. 89, 90. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

[If any Person shall forswear liimHt he shall be ii^tl ie to cite Penalties of Wiliu] Perjury.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person upon Examination upon Oath or Affirmation before any Commissioner of the Navy, Ordnance, or Victualling respectively, or before any Justice of the Peace in Great Britain, in any Matter relating to the Execution of this Act, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, or shall, in any Information or Deposition sworn, or Affirmation taken in Writing before any such Commissioner or Justice, wilfully and corruptly swear or affirm any Matter or Thing Which shall be false or untrue, every such Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the like tPains and Penalties as any Perfotfs convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are by any Law now in force subject and liable to.

---

CAP. XC.

An Act for settling Disputes that may arise between Masters and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in that Part of Great Britain called England.

[28th July 1800.]

---

WHEREAS considerable Abuses have for several Years last past subsisted in the Trade or Manufacture of Cotton Weaving, in that Part of Great Britain called England, to the great Oppressionof the Persons employed in the Manufacture thereof and concerned therein, and manifest Hindrance and In- jury of the Trade: And whereas it will be a great Convenience and Advantage to all Parties concerned in such Trade, and an Encouragement to the Manufacture, that a cheap and firmmary Mode be efta- blished for settling all Disputes that may arise in respect thereof, between the Masters and Workmen en- gaged in the said Trade :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fime, Thar, from and after the first Day of August in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred, in all Cases that shall dr may arise within that Part of Great Britain called England, where the Masters and Workmen cannot agree respecting the Price or Prices to be paid for Work done, or to be done, in the said Manufacture, whether stich Dispute shall happen or arise between them respecting the Redudhdn or Advance of Wages or any Injury or Damage done, or alleged to have been done by the Workmen to the Work, or respecting any Delay, or supposed Delay, on the Part of the Workmen infiniftiing the Worker thenotfinfthing such Work in a good and workmanlike Manner; and also in all Cases where the Workmen are to be employed to work any new Pattern which shall require them to purchase any new Implements of Manufacture for the working thereof, and the Masters and Workmen cannot agree upon the Compensation to be made to such Work men for or in respedb thereof, and also respecting the Length of all Pieces of Colton Goods, or the Wages or Compensation to be paid for all Pieces of Cotton Goods that are made of any great or extraordinary Length, and respecting the Manufodhire of Cravats, Shawls, Polycat, Romall, and other Handkerchiefs, and the Number to be contained in one Piece of such Handkerchiefs, and the Wages to be paid in respect thereof, and in all Cases of Dispute or Difference arising or happening by and between the Matters and Workmen employed in such Manufacture, out of, for, or touching such Trade or Manufacture, which cannot be otherwise mutually adjusted and settled by and between them; it shall and may be lawful, and it is hereby declared to be lawful, for such Masters and Workmen, between whom such Dispute or Difference shall arise as aforesaid, or either of them, to demand and have an Arbitration or Reference of such Matter or Matters in Dispute, and each of them is hereby authorised and empowered forthwith to nominate and appoint an Arbitrator for and on his respective Part and Behalf, to arbitrate and determine such Matter or Matters in Dispute as aforesaid, and such Arbitrators so appointed as aforesaid, after they shall have accepted and taken upon them the Business of the said Arbitration, are hereby authorised and required to summon before them, and examine upon Oath the Parties and their Witnesses, (which Oath the said Arbitrators are hereby authorised and required to administer according to the Form set forth in the Schedule to this ActJ and forthwith to proceed to hear and determine the Complaints of the Parties, and the Matter or Matters in Dispute between them, and the Award to be made by such Arbitrators shall in all Cases be final and conclusive between the Parties; but in case such Arbitrators so appointed cannot agree to decide such Matter or Matters in Dispute so to be referred.to them as aforesaid, and do not make and sign their Award within the Space of three Days after the signing of the said Submission, that then they shall forthwith, and without Delay, go before and attend upon one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County, Riding, City, Liberty, Diviiton, Township, or Place, and residing neared to the Place where such Dispute shall happen and be referred, and state to such Justice the Points in Difference between them the said Arbitrators, which Points in Difference the said justice shall and be is hereby authorised and required to hear and determine, which Determination of such Justice shall be made and signed within the Space of three Days after the Expiration of the Time hereby allowed the Arbitrators to make and sign their Award, and shall be final and conclusive between the Parties so differing as aforesaid 5 and if either of the said Parties, or their respective Witnesses, having been duly summoned, shall neglect or refuse to attend such Arbitrators at the Time and Place by them for that Purpose appointed, it shall and may be lawful for any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County, Riding, City, Liberty, Division, Township or Place, where such Dispute shall happen, and he or they is or are hereby required, upon Proof on Oath being made before him or them of the Service of such Summons, tither personally or by leaving the same at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Person summoned, and also upon the like Proof of the Neglect or Refusal of such Person to attend the said Arbitrators in pursuance of such Summons,

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 90. 441

mens, (unless a reasonable Excuse be made for such Non-attendance to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices,) to issue his or their Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands for the apprehending and bringing inch Person before him or them, and if any such Person so being brought before such Justice or Justices shall still refuse to be examined, or to give his or their Testimony before such Arbitrators touching the Premises, such Person so rtfufing shall be by the (kid Justice or Tuflices committed to the Hdufe of Correction within his or their Jurisdiction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he, she, or they, shall submit to be examined and give Evidence before the Arbitrators touching the Premises aforesaid.

[

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Parties who shall have signed any Submission to Arbitration shall think it expedient, or be minded and desirous to extend the Time hereby limited for the making of the A warden* Umpirage, it shall and may be lawful for them to extend the same accordingly by Indorsement on the Back of such Submission, to be signed by both of them in the Presence of one or more credible Witness or Witness'es$ any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereoftn any wife net* withstanding.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Submission to such Arbitration, and the Award pr Umpirage to be made thereon, shall and may be drawn up, and written at the Foot of such Submission, tipon unstamped Paper, in the respective Forms set forth in the Schedule to this Act \ any Law, Usage or Custotn, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

be committed to jtfte oufe of Correction till they submit.

Time of making A waul may be extended by the yaitivw

IV. Provided also, and be it further ^naded. That there shall, in all cases* be written or engrossed two Parts of the Submission to Arbitration, one for each of the Parties subscribing the same.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Case of Dispute or Difference between any such Master and Workman in such Trade or Manufacture as aforesaid, if an Arbitration shall be demanded, and the Submission thereto signed, and an Arbitrator therein named by either of the said Parties, and the other of them shall refuse or neglect to sign the said Submission, and appoint his Arbitrator; or \f* after making of the said Award or Umpirage, either Party shall refuse to submit thereto, for the Time br Term of two Days next after the signing such Submission in Manner aforesaid, or refuting to submit to such Award or Umpirage respectively as aforesaid, the Party so neglecting, or refusing to sign the said Submission, or to appoint his Arbitrator, or refusing to submit to such Award or Umpirage is aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay to the Party who shall have demanded such Arbitration, signed his oubmission thereto, and named his Arbitrator therein as aforesaid, or in whose Favour such Award or Umpirage shall be made and signed as aforesaid, the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered in a summary Wajf before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, City, Liberty, Division, Township, or Place, where such Offence shall ber committed; and the Conviction for the same may be had and made upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and in case any such Forfeiture or Penalty shall not be forthwith paid pursuant to such Conviction, such Justice or Justices shall, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and in case no sufficient Distress can be had, such Justice or Justices shall, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, commit the Offender to the Common Gaol, or some House of Correction, within his or their Jurisdiction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than two Calendar Months.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justice or Justices before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall cause all such Convictions to be drawn up according to the Form, or to the Effect set forth in the Schedule to this Act; and the said Justice of Justices shall cause the same to be fairly written on Parchment, and cransmitted to the next General Sessions, or General Quarter Session9 of the Peace, to be holden for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Township, or Place, wherein such Conviction was had, to be filed and kept amongst the Records of the said General or General Quarter Sessions.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person convicted before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, of any Offence against this Act, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the next General Sessions Of GeneraPQuarter Sessions of the reace, to be holden for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Township, or Place, wherein such Conviction shall be made, such Person so appealing giving immediate Notice of such Appeal, and finding two sufficient Sureties in the Sum of five Pounds each, and entering into his or her own Recognizance before such Justice or Justices so convicting as aforesaid, in the Sum of ten Pounds, to appear and prosecute every such Appeal with Effect; and the Justices of the Peace at such General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, are hereby authorised and required on every such Appeal being made, and on reasonable Notice thereof given to the other Party, finally to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and tp make such Order, and to award such Costs therein, as they in their Discretion shall fee meet; and which said Order and Determination shall be final and conclusive to all Parties j and no Certiorari shall be allowed to remove any such Proceedings or Determination.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action shall be brought against any Arbitrator, Justice of the Peace, Constable, Head bo rough, or other Officer, or against any other Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Matter or Thing whatsoever done or committed under or by virtue or in the Execution of this Act, unless such Action shall be brought within six Calendar Months next after the doing or committing of such Matter or Thing*

39 & 40 Geo. III. 3 L IX. Provided

Sttbmi/fiori ami Award may b$ drawn on fin-statoped Pafjer agreeably to Schedule annextdj

and each Pgfijr to hare a Copy*

If any Party rclufc, for twf> Days, to sign the Subfnidioy or to appoint an- Arbitrator, or to submit t,o the Award, he shall forfeit to the other Part^ joI. to be recovered before one Justice, and leviable by Dill rtfs and Sale, or the Offender to be committed foe not more tha*

3 Months nor less than *.

ConvlQiont to be drawn up agreeably to the form set forth in the Schedule; and filed, &c.

Appeal may be made to Quarter Sessions.

Limitation of A a ions* six Months,

C. 90. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

IX. Provided also, That if any Action or Suit shall hereafter be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done under, by virtue, or in the Execution of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuited, or suffer Discontinuance, or forbear further Prosecution, or if Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants, such Defendant or Defendants shall recover his, her, or their full Costs, for which he, she, or they shall have like Remedy as in Cases where Costs by Law are given to Defendants.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Justice of the Peace, being also a Matter Cotton Weaver or Manufacturer, shall act as such Justice under this Act; any Thing herein contained^ or any former Statute, Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof ir\ any wise notwithstanding.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, abridge, annul, or make void any of the Clauses, Provisions, Remedies, or Powers contained in the several Acts made and passed in the nrft Year of the Reign of herlate Majesty Queen Anne* and in the thirteenth and twenty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or in any or either of them, or in any other Act or Acts relating to the said Trade heretofore made and Daffed, so far as the Came enact, provide, or inflict any Pains, Penalties, and Punishments upon or against such Workmen, and so far as the lame enact, provide, or afford any Remedy or Remedies to the Matters against the Workmen engaged in the said Trade or Manufacture (save and except where such Remedy and Remedies relate to Wages) j any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary the/eof in any wise notwithstanding.

they provide Penalties on such Workmen, or afford Remedies to Mailers (except where they relate to Wages).

[Publick Act.]

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be taken and allowed to be a Publick Act in all Courts within this Kingdom and all Judges and Justices of the Peace are hereby required to take Notice thereof u such, without specially pleading the same.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers:

FORM of the OATH to be administered by the Arbitrators to the Parties and Witnesses under this Act.

fTHE Evidence that you shall give before us the Arbitrators appointed by A.B. and C.D. (the Parties tr the SuhmifRon), to determine the Matters in Difference between them, under and by virtue of an Act passed in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act, (fate the Title of the Act), shall be the Truth, the Whole Truth, and nothing but the Truth*

So help you GOD*

’ FORM of the SUBMISSIONS to ARBITRATION, and of the Award to be made in pursuance of

this Act.

1 A* 2? of, &c. (set forth the Name, Residence, and Deferspt ion of the Partydo hereby nominate and appoint C*D. of, fifr. my Arbitrator under and by virtue of an Act passed in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Ati, (set forth the Title of the Ati)^ to hear and determine the Matters in Difference between me and E, F. of, &c,

I E* F. of, &c. do, appoint G. H. of, fcfr* to be my Arbitrator under the said Act for the Purpose aforesaid.

FORM of the AWARD or UMPIRAGE to be made by the Arbitrators or Umpire, and to be written

at the Foot of the Submission.

WE/-/, and L. M. of, the Arbitrators above appointed* [or I M O. of &c. the Justice, as the Case may beJ, do hereby adjudge and determine that, ts'e. (here set forth the Determination to which the Arbitrators or Justice^ as the Case may be, shall subscribe their Names).

Witness,

P.$j

FORM of CONVICTION in a pecuniary Penalty.

gE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of his Majesty's Reign, and

ftumnz.\ in the Year of our Lord A.B. is convicted before me, {or us, meaning the Justices) one

ior, two) of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, (or, Riding, City, Liberty, Township, Jivision, or Place) of for that the said A.B. (Jiate the Offence, as for negktling to sign the Sub

15 aiijfwiy

442

[General issue.]

F«il Costs.

Justices who are Cotton Manufacturers not to a ft.

Nothing herein shall repeal any Provisions of the Acts of 1 Anne, ft. a* c. 18} 13 Geo. a. c. S $ st Geo. a. c. *7.

[<zsu/ fee *3 Geo. a.

9] *7

Geo. 3. c. 56. or of any other Act, so far as

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 90, 91. 443

mission, or refusing to submit to the Award within the Time limited, as the Case may be)» contrary to the Statute made in the fortieth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act, (here fetforth the Title of the Act); and I (1or we) the said Justice or Justices) do hereby adjudge and determine the said A.B. for the said Offence, to forfeit and lole the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, and do order the same to

be forthwith paid by him, (her, or them, as the Case may beJ to C. D.

FORM of COMMITMENT of a Person summoned as a Witness.

WHEREAS Proof on Oath hath been made before me, for us, naming the Justice or Justices signing the Commitment) one (or two) of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County (or Riding, City,

Liberty, Township, Division, or Place) of on this Day of That A.B. hath been

duly summoned, and hath neglected to appear and give Evidence before C.D. and E. r. the Arbitrators appointed by and between G. H. and I. K. to determine the Matters in Dispute between them at in the County, (or. Riding, City, Liberty, Township, Division, or Place) of on the

Day of under and by virtue of an Act, made in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act, (here set forth the Title of the Act); and the said A.B. being required by me, the said Justice, to give Evidence before the said Arbitrators, and (till refusing so to do, therefore I (or we) the said Justice or Justices) do hereby, in pursuance of the said Act, commit the said A.B. to the (describing the Prison, or the House of Correction) there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for his (or her) Offence aforesaid, until he (or (he) shall submit himself (or herself) to be examined, and give his (*rher) Evidence before the said Arbitrators, touching the Matters referred to them as aforesaid, or shall otherwise be discharged by due Course of Law. And you the (Constable or other Peace Officer or Officers to whom the Warrant is directed) are hereby authorised and required to take into your Custody the Body of the said A.B. and him (arher) safely to convey to the said Prison (or House of Correction) and him (or her) there to deliver to the Gaoler (or Keeper) thereof, who is hereoy authorised and required to receive into his Custody the Body of the said A. B and him (or her) safely to detain and keep pursuant to this Commitment.

Given under my (or our) Hand or Hands) this Day of in the Year ©four Lord

This Commitment to be directed to the proper Peace Officer and the Gaoler (or Keeper) of the Prison (or House of Correction).

---

CAP. XCI.

An Act to prohibit, until the fifteenth Day of October one thousand eight hundred, the Exportation of Rice.

[28th July 1800.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament*,

[* c. 29.]

a Bounty was granted, in certain cases, on Rice imported into this Kingdom, in order to encourage a Supply of the same; and it is expedient to prevent the Exportation thereof so long as the said Act shall be in force Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifteenth Day of July one thousand eight hundred, no Person or Persons From July 15, whatever shall, directly or indirectly, export, carry, or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, car- 1800, no Rice ried, or conveyed, out of or from any Port or Place of this Kingdom, or shall load or lay on board, or J* ex* cause or procure to be laden or laid on board, in any Ship or other Vessel or Boat, any Rice, in order to be pocttd# exported, carried, or conveyed, out of any such Port or Place.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Rice which shall be so exported, carried, or conveyed, or be Rice exported laden or laid on board in any Ship or other Vessel or Boat, in order to be exported, carried, or conveyed out or put on board Of this Kingdom, contrary to this Act, shall be forfeited; and that every Offender therein shall forfeit also V. Vessel for the Sum ot Sixpence for every Pound Weight of such Rice which (halite so exported, carried, or con- hefarfcit-veyed, or so laden or laid on board in any Ship or other Vessel or Boat, in order to be exported, carried, or and the conveyed out of this Kingdom, and also the Ship, Vessel, or Boat wherein the same shall be exported, or offender (had in or upon which the same shall be laden or laid in order to be exported, together with her Guns, Furniture, forfeit 6d. for Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall bt forfeited, and the same respectively maybe seized by any Of- J^Jfj^e°and ficer or Officer of the Customs.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures created and incurred by this Act shall pcn^itie* and and maybe sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of in such Manner, and by such Ways, Means, Forfeitures may and Methods, as any Penalties incurred on any Goods, Ships, or Vessels forfeited for any Offence against be recovered, the Laws of Customs, may now be legally sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and the Of- &c. asunder ficer or Officers concerned in Seizures or Prosecutions under this Act, shall be entitled to and receive such ^of Share of the Produce arising from the Seizures, as they are now by Law entitled to upon Prosecution of u Seizures for unlawful Importation, and to such Share or the Produce arising from any pecuniary Fine, or

Penalty, or Composition paid for any Offence against this Act, as they are now by any Law or Regulation entitled to, upon Prosecution for pecuniary Penalties.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Personal Actions and Suits, Indictments, Informations, and all Adioo* JProsecutions and Proceedings whatsoever, which have been or shall be hereafter prosecuted or commenced brought agalod

444 C. 9.t, 92. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

fusing to receive any Entry lor clearing out any Vessel laden with Rice shall be void, &c.

Continuance of

Act tiiioa.

J5>

Recital of Letters Patent to John Hatfeli EsquIre and John Ley Esquire, Clerks of the House of Commons, and to Edward Coleman Esquire, Serjeant, at Anna* '

against any Person or Persons for having refused to receive any Entry or Entries for the Exportation of any Rice, or to clear out any Ship or Vessel laden with Rice, Intended to be exported before the passing of this Act, be* are, and shall be discharged and made void, by virtue of this Act; and that if any Action of Suit shall be prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons, for or by reason*of any such Act, Matter, or Thing, he, she, or they may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any Action or Suit so to be prosecuted or commenced* shall become nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer Discontinuance, or if a Verdict pass against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover his, her, or their Double Costs; fop which he, (he* or they shall have the like Remedy as in Cases where the Costs by Law are given to the Defendants.

[

---

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the fifteenth Day of October one thousand eight hundred.

CAP. XCII.

An Act for establishing certain Regulations in the Offices of the House of Commons.

[28th July 1800.]

---

WHEREAS it is expedient that after the Interests, which the Persons herein after mentioned enjoy,

by virtue of Letters Patent granted by his Majesty, in the Office of Clerk, of the House of Commons, shall have expired, a different Distrifcution should be made of the Fees and Emoluments now belonging thereto; and that for this Purpose further Regulations should be established in other Offices of the said House: And whereas.by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date at Westminster the third Day of June, in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the Office of Clerk of the House of Commons, with an Annuity of ten Pounds, and all other Rewards, Dues, Rights, Pro- fits. Commodities, Advantages, and Emoluments whatsoever to the said Office, after what Manner so- ever or howsoever then or theutofore anciently appertaining, incident, aocustomedh or belonging, was- granted to John Hatfeli Esquire for and during his natural Life: And whereas also by certain other Let- ters Patent, bearing Date at Westminster the fourth Dav of July in the thirty-fevemh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the said Office was granted to John Ley Esquire for and during his natural Life, to^ 4 take Effect from and after the Decease of the said John Hatfeli, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Man- her as the same had been granted to the said John hatfeli as aforesaid: And whereas by certain other Let*

ters Patent, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date at Westminster the sixteenth Day of November, in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the Office of Serjeant at Arms at- tending the House of Commons, with a Salary and all other Fees, Perquisites, and Emoluments to the said Office belonging, was granted to Edward Coleman Esquire:! May it therfore please your Majesty that it nky be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con* fentof the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being, and the Secretary or Secretaries of State, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Master of the Rolls, and the Atjpr* ney and Solicitor General for the Time being, being also Members of the House of Commons, shall be, and they are hereby nominated, constituted, and appointed Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act; any three of the said Commissioners, whereof the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being Qullbe. one, shall be, and they are hereby authorised to carry this Act into Execution*

The Speaker, the Secretaries of State, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Master of the Rolls, and the Attorney and Solicitor General, being aKo Members of the House of Commons, appointed Commissioners for this Act*

After Expiration of recited Le.ters Patent, the Fee* and Emolument* of the Clerk, Clerk A flirt ant, and Serjeant of the House of Commons shall be paid to the Commissioners, to be by them applied in Manner herein directed in Payment of Salaries to the Clcik and Clcjk Assistant-

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Expiration of the said Letters Patent so granted to the said John HatfeUy John Ley, and Edward Coleman as aforesaid, all Fees, Perquisites, and Emutii-ments which would have been due and payable to any future Clerk or Clerk Assistant of the House of Commons, or Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Commons for the Time being, in case this Act had not been made, shaft.be paid into the Hands of the said Commissioners, to be by them applied and distributed in the Manner herein after directed; that is to say, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby directed to pay to the Clerk of the House of Commons for the Time being, the nett annual Sum of.three thousand Pounds, for and during the first five Years which the said Clerk of the House of Commons shall hold his said Office; and from and after the Expiration of the said Term of five Years, to pay to such Clerk of the House of Commons, the further nett Sum of five hundred Pounds annually, making together the Sum of three thousand five hundred Pounds; and to pay to the Clerk Assistant of the said House for the Time being, the nett annual Sum of one thousand five hundred Pounds, for and during the first five Years which the said Clerk Assistant shall hold his said Office; and from and after the Expiration of the said Term of five Years, to pay to such Clerk Assistant, the further nett annual Sum of five hundred Pounds, making together the Sum of two thousand Pounds; and which Sums so paid by the said Commissioners to the Clerk and Clerk Assistant of the House of Commons respectively, shall be taken and accepted by them in full Satisfaction and Discharge of all Fees, Perquisites, and Emoluments to which he or they might or could have been entitled, or which he or they may have been accustomed to receive, by virtue or in respect of his or their said Office or Offices, previous to the passing of this Act; any Form, Practice, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, That in case a Vacancy shall happen in: the Office of Clerk of the House of Commons, after the Expiration of the said Letters Patent, and the Clerk Assistant for the Time being shall hicceed thereto, and shall then have held the Office of Clerk Assistant more than five Years, the Excess beyond live Years shall be reckoned as Parlor the Whole, 3$ the Case may.be, of the

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 92. 441

five Years which the Cferk of the House of Commons is herein required to have held his Office, before he shall be entitled to have and receive of the kid Commissioners the said Sum of three thousand five hundred Pounds; any Tiling herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Clerk Assistant who shall be in Possession of that Office at the Expiration of the said Letters Patent, shall continue in such Office after the Expiration of the said Letters Patent, or foall then or at any Time thereafter be appointed Clerk of the House of Commons, the Amount of his Salary or Allowance agreeably to the Provisions hereinbefore contained, shall be estimated according to(h\* whole Number of Years, as well before as after the Expiration of the said Letters Patent, during which he shall in any of the said Cases have held the said Office; any Thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

If the Clerk Assistant shall continue in Office after the Expiration of Letters Patent, the Amount of his Salary shall

Be estimated according to the whole Number of Years he had held the Office.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are also hereby further authorised and directed from and after the Expiration of the Interest of the said Edward Coleman in the said Office of Serjeant at Arms, to pay to the Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Commons for the Time being, the nett annual Sum of two thousand three hundred Pounds, which said Sum of two thousand three hundred Pounds shall be taken and accepted by the said Serjeant at Arms for the Time being, in full Satisfaction and Discharge of all Fees, Perquisitest and Emoluments to which he might or could have beep entitled, or which he may have been accustomed to receive, by virtue or in respect of his said Office, previous to the passing of this Act; any Form, Practice, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, That in case the said Serjeant at Arms for the Time being shall have or employ any Deputy, he shall make an Allowance to such Deputy, at the Rate of not lets than three hundred Pounds per Annum,\ out of the said Sum of two thousand three hundred Pounds; but if he (halV not have or employ any such Deputy, he shall account tq the said Commissioners for the said Sum of three hundred Pounds per Annum, or iuen Part thereof as shall not have been paid to such Deputy in any one Year.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to prepare and lay before the House of Commons, within the first: twenty fitting Days after the Expiration of the said Letters Patent, and fowithin twenty fitting Days after the Commencement of every subsequent Session of Parliament, a-Plan of the Manner in which the fefidue (if any, or so much thereof as to them shall seem sufficient for the Purposes herein after mentioned) of the Monies so to be by them received^ or which it shall appear to them. From an Average of the three preceding Years, will probably be received by them, shall be applied and disposed of towards making a more certain and regular rroyifion for the Support of such Officers in the Departments of the Speaker of the House of Commons, and of the Clerk of the said House, and Serjeant *at Arms, as may from casual Circumstances appear to require the same, and for affording Relief to such Persons belonging to, or who mat have belonged to the said Departments, and who may have been disabled by Age or Infirmity from the Discharge of their rtlpedive Duties, which said Elan shall be binding and conclusive on the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and directed to carry the same into Effect, unless the said House, within twenty fitting Days after the said Plan shall have been so laid before them, shall have otherwise ordered and directed; and then and in such Case, with such Variations as shall have been so made therein, and so from Time to Time as often as such Plan shall as above required be laid before the House,

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall prepare and lay before the House of Commons, within twenty fitting Day?after the Commencement of every Session of Parliament, an Account of the Monies so received by them, by virtue of this Act, and of the Manner in which the same shall have been applied and disposed of; and that in case it shall appear from the said Account that there is in the Hands of the said Commissioners a Surplus remaining, after carrying into Effect the Plan or Orders herein-before mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for the said House to direct such a Disposition to be made thereof, as to them shall appear most proper towards providing, in case the House shall see fit, a Remuneration for the Person or Persons by whom the Duties of Chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means shall have been discharged during the then Session of Parliament, and for the better Support of Persons belonging to any of the Departments herein-before mentioned, those Persons belonging thereto excepted, whose Salaries may have been or may be fixed by the Authority of Parliament, and so in such Case, from Time to Time, in every subsequent Session of Parliament, as Circumstances shall admit of and require.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be taken or construed to prevent the said Commissioners, upon the Expiration either of the said Letters Patent granted to the said John Hatfell and John Ley Esquires, or of the said Letters Patent granted to the said Edward Coleman Esquire, whichever may first happen, from carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution, as far as the Nature of the respective Cases will admit; and that thereupon all Fees, Perquisites, and Emoluments’= which would have been due and payable to such of the said Officers, whose Patents or Patent shall have so expired, shall be paid into the Hands of the said Commissioners in the Manner hereiorbefure directed.

Salary to be paid the Serjeant at and hi»£fc-puty, &c.

A Plan of the Manner of applying the Re* fidueof the Money received by the Commissioners for the Support of such Officers as appear to require the same shall be laid before Parliament by the Commissionerf > from Time to ’ Time.

An Account of the Money received and disbursed under this Act shall be laid before the House of Commons annually, who may dire£ the Application of the Balance.

On Expiration of either of the recited Letters Parent, the Commissioners may oarry this Act into Execution, &c.

---

446 C. 93, 94. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

CAP. XCIII.

An Act for regulating Trials for High Treason and Misprision of High Treason, in certain cases.

[28th July 1800.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that in cases of High Treason in compassing or imagining the Death of the King, and of Misprision of such Treason, where the Overt Act or Overt Acts of such Treason alleged in the Indictment shall be the Assassination or killing of the King, or any direct Attempt against his Life, or any direct Attempt against his Person, whereby his Life may be endangered, or his Person may suffer bodily Harm, the Trial for such Offence should not be different from Trials for Murder or wilful and malicious Shooting; Be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[In Cases of High Treason, and Misprision of Treason, where the Overt Act alleged in the Indictment shall be Assassination of the King, or any direct Attempt against his Life, &c. the Offender shall be tried in the same Manner as if charged with Murder, but punishable as in Cases of High Treason (notwithstanding 7 Gul. 3. c. 3. or 7 Ann. c. 21.]

That in all cases of High Treason in compassing or imagining the Death of the King, and of Misprision of such Treason, where the Overt Act or Overt Acts of such Treason which shall be alleged in the Indictment for such Offence shall be Assassination or killing of the King, or any direct Attempt against his Life, or any direct Attempt against his Person whereby his Life may be endangered or his Person may suffer bodily Harm, the Person or Persons charged with such Offence shall and may be indicted, arraigned, tried and attainted, in the same manner and according to the same course and order of Trial, in every respect, and upon the like Evidence, as if such Person or Persons stood charged with Murder; and none of the Provisions contained in the several Acts of the seventh Year of King William the Third and the seventh Year of Queen Anne respectively, touching Trials in cases of Treason and Misprision of Treason respectively, shall extend to any Indictment for High Treason in compassing and imagining the Death of the King or for Misprision of such Treason, where the Overt Act or Overt Acts of such Treason alleged in the Indictment shall be such as aforesaid; but upon Conviction on such Indictment, Judgement shall be nevertheless given and Execution done as in other cases of High Treason; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XCIV.

An Act for the safe Custody of Insane Persons charged with Offences.

[28th July 1800.]

WHEREAS Persons charged with High Treason, Murder, or Felony, may have been or may be of unsound Mind at the Time of committing the Offence wherewith they may have been or shall be charged, and by reason of such Insanity may have been or may be found not guilty of such Offence, and it may be dangerous to permit Persons so acquitted to go at large: Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[The Jury, in case of any Person charged with Treason, &c. proving to be insane, shall declare whether he was acquitted by them on account of Insanity, and the Court shall order him to be kept in Custody till his Majesty's Pleasure be known, and his Majesty may give an Order (or the safe Custody of such insane Person, &c.]

---

That in all Cases where it shall be given in Evidence upon the Trial of any Person charged with Treason, Murder, or Felony, that such Person was insane at the Time of the Commission of such Offence, and such Person shall be acquitted, the Jury shall be required to find specially whether such Person was insane at the Time of the Commission of such Offence, and to declare whether such Person was acquitted by them on account of such Insanity; and if they shall find that such Person was insane at the Time of the committing such Offence, the Court before whom such Trial shall be had, shall order such Person to be kept in drift Custody, in such Place and in such Manner as to the Court shall (eem fit, until his Majesty's Pleasure shall be known; and it shall thereupon be lawful for his Majesty to give such Order for the safe Custody of such Person, during his Pleasure, in such Place and in such Manner as to his Majesty shall seem fit; and in all Cases where any Person, before the p iffing of this Act, has been acquitted of any such Offences on the Ground of Insanity at the Time of the Commission thereof, and has been detained in Custody as a dangerous Person by Order of the Court before whom such Person has been tried, and dill remains in Custody, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to give the like Order for the safe Custody of such Person, during his Pleasure, as his Majesty is hereby enabled to give in the Cases of Persons who shall hereafter be acquitted on the Ground of insanity.

[Insane Persons indicted for any Offence, and found to be insane by a Jury to be impannelled on their Arraignment, &c. shall be ordered by the Court to be kept in Custody till his Majesty's Pleasure be known, &c.]

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person indicted for any Offence shall be insane, and shall upon Arraignment be found so to be by a Jury lawfully impannelled for that Purpose, so that such Person cannot he tried upon such Indictment, or if upon the Trial of any Person so indicted such Person shall appear to the Jury charged with such Indictment to be insane, it shall be lawful for the Court before whom any fjch Person shall be brought to be arraigned or tried as aforesaid, to direct such Finding- to be recorded, and thereupon to order such Person to be kept in drift Custody until his Majesty's Pleasure shall be known; and if*any Person charged with any Offence shall be brought before any Court to be discharged for Want of Prosecution, and such Person shall appear to be insane, it shall be lawful for such Court to order a Jury to be impannelled to try the Sanity of such Person; and if the Jury so impannelled shall find such Person to be insane, it shall he lawful for such Court tq order such Person to be kept in drift Custody, in such Place and in such Manner as to such Court shall seem fit, until his Majesty's Pleasure shall be known; and in all Cases of Insanity so found, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to give such Order for the Cife Custody of such

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 94, 95. 447

Person so found to be intone, during his Pleasure, in such Place and in such Manner as to his Majesty shall seem fit.

III. And, for the better Prevention of Crimes being committed by Persons intone,’ be it further en- Persons conru acted, That if any Person shall be discovered and apprehended under Circumstances that denote a Derange- mined by an/ ment of Mind, and a Purpose of committing some Crime, for which, if committed, such Person would be

liable to be indicted, and any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace before whom such Person may be dangerous and brought shall think fit to issue a Warrant for committing him or her as a dangerous Person suspected to be insane shall not insane, such cause of Commitment being plainly expressed in the Warrant, the Person so committed shall be bailed except not be bailed except by two Justices of the Peace, one whereof shall be the Justice who has issued such by two Justices, Warrant, or by the Court of General Quarter Sessions, or by one of the Judges of his Majesty's T^ce^cora^ Courts in Westminster Hall, or by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Commissioners of the Great fitting,) or by Seal. the Quarter

Sessions, or one of the Judges.

IV. And whereas insane Persons have, at different Times, endeavoured to gain Admittance to his Ma- _ The Privy

jesty’s Presence, by Intrufionon his Majesty's Palaces and Places of Residence and otherwise, and his one

Majesty's Person may be endangered by Reason of the Insanity of such Persons :’ Be it therefore en- ries of State* acted, That if any Person who shall appear to be intone shall endeavour to gain Admittance to his Ma- may can fe Per— jesty’s Presence, by Intrufton on any of his Majesty's Palaces or Places of Residence, or otherwise, so. fons appearing: that there may be Reason to apprehend that his Majesty's Person may be endangered, it shall be lawful for to be insane -his Majesty's Privy Council, or one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of St^te, to cause such Person to ?nd ®n<le.avour-be brought before them or him; and if upon Examination it shall appear that there is Reason to apprehend Admhfance to such Person to be intone, and that the Personof his Majesty may be endangered by Reason of the Insanity his Majesty to of such Person, it shall be lawful for his Majesty's Privy Council, or one of his Majesty's Principal Se- be kept inCuf-cretaries of State, to order such Person to be kept in safe Custody in such Place, and in such Manner, as tody till the In-according to Circumstances shall be ascertained; and for such Purpose, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chan- {£cen-

eeilor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, to quirtd*into, award a Commission under the said Great Seal, directed to certain Commissioners to be therein named, to en- and such Per-quire into the Sanity of such Person, and whether the Person of his Majesty may be endangered by Reason &»* «n*y be of the Insanity of such Person, and for such Purpose, to direct the Sheriff of the County where such Per- coranutted and 4on shall be, to summon a Jury to try the Sanity of such Person, and whether his Majesty's Person maybe MMiner'herein» endangered by Reason of the Insanity of such Person, in the same Manner as Juries are summoned to try aire&ed9 fcc* the Sanity of Persons on a Commission in the Nature of a Writ de lunatico inquirendo; and if upon the Inquisition so taken it shall be found that such Person is sofar insane that the Person of his Majesty may be endangered by Reason of the Insanity of such Person, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal for the Time being, to take Order for the safe Custody of such Person so long as there shall be Reason to apprehend that the Person of his Majesty may be endangered by Reason of the Insanity of such Person; and if it shall afterwards appear that such Person shall have recovered the Use of his or her Reason, so that there shall be no longer any Reason to apprehend any Danger to his Majesty's Person from the Insanity of such Person, it shall be lawful for the Lord;

Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal for the Time being, to enquire into the Fa dt determined by such Means as to him or themlhall seem proper; and if it shall appear*© his or their Satisfaction, that such Person has so far recovered the Use of his or her Reason, that there is no Ground for apprehending any Danger to his Majesty's Person from the Insanity of such Person,.it shall be lawful for the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, and Lords Commissioners respectively, to direct such.*

Person to be discharged from Custody, either absolutely or conditionally, or under Restrictions, as to him ocx them shall seem meet.

---

CAP. XCV.

An Act to indemnify all Persons who have printed, published, or dispersed, or who shall publish or disperse, any Papers printed under the Authority of the Commissioners or Head Officers of any Publick Boards from all Penalties incurred by Reason of the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer of such Papers not being printed thereon.

[28th July 1800.]

WHEREAS in an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

[39 Geo. 3. c. 79. [§3, &c.]]

---

intituled, An Act for the more effectual Suppression of Societies established for seditious and treasonable Purposes, and for the better preventing treasonable and seditious Practices, certain Provisions are contained to relbrain

the printing or publishing of any Papers or Books whatsoever, which should be meant or intended to be published or dispersed, without the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer thereof being printed there- on, with a certain Penalty on the Person printing, publishing, or dispersing, or assisting in publishing or dispersing the same, contrary to the said Act: And whereas divers Papers printed by Order or under the Authority of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, the Commissioners of Excise, the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and the Commissioners and Head Officers of divers other publick Offices

and Boards, have, through Inadvertency and Mistake, and on the Supposition that such Papers were not within the Provisions of the said Act, been printed without the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer

thereof being printed thereon, as requited by the said Act;’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it

Terrors who have printed any Taper* under the Authority of Commissioners of Pull.ck Boards, dr who have published them, or (had hereafter publish any Paper so printed beiore the passing of this Act,

448 C. 95 - 97. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person who shall, before the passing of this Act, have printed any Paper whatsoever, by Order or under the Authority of any such Commissioners or Head Officers as aforesaid, or shall have i*ublished or dispersed, or assisted in puMUhing or dispersing, or shall hereafter publish or dif-perfe, or assist in publishing or dispersing, any Paper whatsoever that shall have been piinted before the passing of this Act, by Order or under the Authority of any such Commissioners or Head Officers as aforesaid, shall be and is hereby declared to be freed and discharged of and from all Suits, Informations, Profc-cutions. Judgements, Fines, rnd Penalties whatsoever, commenced,.prosecuted, adjudged, or incurred, or which may be commerced, prosecuted, adjudged, or incurred, for or by Reason of any Offence alleged to have been committed ngiinft the said recited Act, by Occasion of such printing, publishing, or difpcrh g, or of assisting in publishing or dispersing any such Paper as aforesaid, as fully, freely, and effectually, as if the same had been printed according to tde Provisions of the said Act shall be indemnified from any Penalties incurred by Reason of any Offence against tlit recited Act,

---

CAP. XCVI.

An Act for explaining and amending so much of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, relating to the Duties on Income, as respects the Delivery of the Statements to the Commercial Commissioners of London, under the Amount of Twenty Pounds.

[26th July 1800.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament,

[c. 49. [.§ 7 ]]

---

intituled, An Act for the better ascertaining and collecting the Duties granted by the several Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament relating to the Duties on Income, and to explain and amend the said Acts,&iC Commercial Commissioners for the City of London and its Vicinity are restrained from assessing Persons whose Contribution, in respect ofln-t4 come arising from Trade or Manufacture, shall not amount to the Sum of twenty Pounds: And whereas it is expedient to allow Persons whose Contributions in the preceding Year shall have amounted to

twenty Pounds to be assessed by the said Commissioners, although the Contribution returned in the Statement delivered or to be delivered by them respectively for the succeeding Year may not amount to that Sum:* M-ay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this preltnt Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That any Person carrying on Trade or Manufacture within the District of the said Commissioners, or any Number of Persons carrying an Trade or Manufacture there in Partnership together, whose Contribution in respect of Income arising from such Trade or Manufacture, whether separate or joint, returned in the Statement delivered in by him, her, or them in any preceding Year to the said Commissioners, shall have amounted to the said Sum of twenty Pounds or upwards, shall be entitled to be assessed in every subsequent Year by the said CommissioneFS, although in such subsequent Year the Contribution of any such Person or Persons, whether separate or joint, as arising from such Partnership, returned in his, her, or their Statement, may not amount to the said Sum of twenty Pounds; any Thing contained in the said recited Act, or any other Act relating to the said Duties on Income, to the contrary notwithstanding.

---

CAP. XCVII.

An Act to incorporate certain Persons by the Name of The London Company for the Manufacture of Flour, Meal, and Bread, for a limited Time.

[28th July 1800.]

---

WHEREAS the Establishment of a Manufactory for Flour, Meal, and Bread, in London, or its W Neighbourhood, would be of considerable Benefit and Utility, and would greatly tend to insure to the Metropolis, and its Neighbourhood, a more regular Supply of Flour, Meal, and Bread at reasonable Prices: And whereas such Manufactory cannot be advantageously established and carried on, un- less a considerable Joint Stock is raised for that Purpose: And whereas the several Persons herein after named, and very many other Persons, have already agreed to become Subscribers thereto: And whereas it is expedient, for the more easily carrying on the said Manufactory, that the/aid several Persons, and such others as shall hereafter become Subscribers thereto, should be incorporated :’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-Subscriicrsio- ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Sir Richard Neave, Sir John Call, Sir Robert sorporaicd. Prefony Sir Frederick Eden, Baronets, John Hatfell, William Devaynes, Robert Biddulph, JohnffuBus An-gerjlein, ‘John Frere, Thomas William Coke, John Fane, Samuel Bosanquet, Magens Dorrien Mageni, Edward Forjler, George Hibberty Job Mathew, Brook Watson, William Robinson% William Mackintosh, Thomas Boddington, Thomas King, Esquires, and Robert Sherson Doctor of Physick, and every other Person and Persons who shall hereafter either in their own Right, as original Subscribers to the fone, or as

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 97. 449

Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, in Right of any such original Subscriber or Subscribers, become Proprietors of or interested in any Part or Share of the Joint Capital Stock or Fund herein after mentioned, shall be one distinct and separate Body Politick and Corporate, in Deed and in Name, by the Name and Style of Tire London Company for the Manufacture rf Floury Aden I, and Bread, and by the Jaine Name they shall have Succession, and a Common Seal, and that they and their Successors may from Time to Time break, alter, make new, or change such Common Seal, as shall he found expedient; 2nd that such Corporation (tall be able and capable in Law to have, purchase, receive, take, and enjoy Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of’what Kind, Nature, or Quality soever, not exceeding the annual Value of two thousand Pounds, above all Charges and Reprizes, (or the Use of the said IviaiUiLblory, without Licence to hold or enjoy the same in Mortmain, and that such Corporation may grant, fell, rie-mise, aliets or dispose of such Lands, Tenements," or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, at tb.cir free Will and Pleasure; and in their Corporate Name shall and may sue and implead, and may be find and impleaded, aufiver and be answered, in all or any Courts of Record, and Places of Judicature within this Kingdom, in all Csufes and Actions whatsoever, for, touching, or concerning the said Corporation, or the Manufactory to be by them carried on as aforesaid.

Company may raise not exceeding 120,cool, to be divided into 4?co Shares, or Shares of 25]. each, which shall be deen ed Personal Estate.

[SW pc/K §23.] No Proprietor or Joint Proprietor shall hold more than 40 Share?; and if Persons becoming pollelTcd ofmore do not dispose of the same in six Months, tire Managers may sell them by Publick Auction, for the Benefit of the Persons entitled. §2. Proprietors to have Vote* in proportion to their Shares, viz.-a Proprietor of four and less than ten Shares, one Vote—often and less than twenty, two—of twenty and less than forty, three —of forty Shares four Votes. No Proprietor to vote who has not four Shares. §3. All Matters shall be determined by a 44 Majority of Votes; Chairman on an equal Division to have the catting Vote. §4. Of Joint Proprie- tors he whole Name Pnall (land full in the Books of the Company shall be entitled to vote. §5. Nx* 44 Person shall vote on any Ala iter in which he is interested. §6. A General Meeting shall be held within one Month after passing the Act, at which twelve Managers, being each Proprietors of twenty Shares, shall be cholcn, who shall continue in Office four Years, and then one third quit by Ballot, among themselves; no Person, so quitting, shall be eligible again till a Year afterwards. $7. An annual General Meeting shall be held in April or May, of which one of the Managers shall be Chairman. The Meeting may adjourn, &c. and shall elect Managers to supply Vacancies. §3. Special Meetings may be called by the Managers: or on the Requisition of nine Proprietors, being together holders of c< two hundred Shares. §9. Three Managers shall constitute a Meeting; a Chairman shall be elected. All Matters shall be determined by the Majority. Chairman to have the catting Vote. If three shall not attend, the Meeting shall be adjourned to that Day Sevennight. §10. Managers empowered to manage all the Affairs of the Company. Treasurer shall not ittuc Money without a signed Order by the Chairman and one Manager. §11. Meetings of Proprietors may remove Man^geis, and make Bye Laws. §12. General Meeting, or the Managers, may make Calls for Money, by 5l. per Share. Such Calls to be at three Months from each other. §13. Proprietors neglecting to pay- Calls for three Months shall forfeit their Shares. No Advantage to be taken of such Forfeiture, until after Personal c Notice to the Owner, nor unless declared to be forfeited at the next Meeting afterwards. §14. Executors, &c. may pay Calls. §15."

Their Style and Pqwu5#

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Dividend or Dividends of the Profits, of the Not more than said Undertaking shall be made or taken by the said Proprietors exceeding in the Whole ten Pounds per *°^P"Cont* Centum per Annum on tire Amount of the Sums which shall have been contributed for raising the Capital or by^he* Joint Stock of the said Company, hereby authorised to be raised; and in case any Profits shall be made by proprietors. Means of the said Manufacture beyond the Amount of ten Pounds ter Centum per Annum on the surplus shall said Capital or Joint Stock, the same shall be applied to such Purposes anu in such Manner as Parliament applied as Par-shall direct. liament shall

dire£>.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Managers of the said Company shall ManagcrsfluU yearly, within ten Days after the twenty-fifth Day of March, if Parliament shall be then fitting, or as soon yearly lay be-after as Parliament shall fit, lay or cause to be laid before each House of Parliament a true Account of the fore Parliament Receipt and Application of all Monies received and applied by the said Company, and of the Quantities ^jCoc°unts otivcc| of Wheat or other Grain bought on each Day when Purchases shall have been made, and the Prices an^paid^Corn paid for the same, shewing also the Quantities in store, both of Grain, and of Flour and Adeal, on the bought and in first Day of each Alonth throughout the Year ending the thirty-first Day of December preceding; and store, and the also the Quantities of Flour and Bread manufactured by the said Company in each Month within the said 0H3ntily ot preceding Year and of the Debts and Credits of the said Company on ti e said thirty*first Day of De~ ^ufa^uted cember preceding, and the Names of the Members of the said Company, and the Number of Shares held jvionthiy, ' by each.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company to manufacture and fell

in every Year, commencing Irom the first Day of January, any Quantity of Flour or Meal not exceed- "* ^jjC' ing one hundred and twenty thousand Sacks of two hundred and eighty Pounds Weight Avoirdupois each; no,000 Sacks and it shall be lawful for them to make Weekly, any Quantity of Flour or Meal into Bread, not ex- of t louror Meal ceeding two hundred Sacks of the like Weight, and to (ell the same: Provided always, That it shall not yearly, and may be lawful for the said Company, by themselves or their Agents, to sell any Quantity or Quantities of Wheat, exceeding in the Whole the Quantity of one thousand Quarters, in any one Week. weekly? but

may not sell more than jcoo Quarters of Wheat in cr.e Week*

39 & 40 Geo. III. 3 M XIX. And

A.D. 1800.

450 P. 97*

Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III.

The Company rot to make finer than Standard Wheatm Bread.

37 GEO. 3. c. 93.

J3 GEO. 3. c. 6a.

Provisions of 37 Geo. 3. c. 98. concerning Wheaten Bread) and Household Bread, shall extend to Standaid Wheaten Bread, and the Assize

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company to make for Sale, any Bread of a finer Quality than the Bread usually called Standard Wheaten Breads or Bread made of the whole Meal with the Bran and Pollards only taken out.

I

XX. And whereas, by an Act of Parliament passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his pre- lent Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the thirty-ffjl Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and /ifeze thereof and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread, Jo 4t far as the same relates to the Assize and making of Bread to be sold in the City of London, and the Liber- ties thereof \ and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange," 4 the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of London are empowered to let the Assize of Bread in London, and within the B.lls of Mortality, on every Tuesday: And whereas, in the Tables of Assize forming a Part of the said Act, there is no Provision or Dhedion with respect to the Price of Standard Wheaten Bread: And whereas there is no other Provision or Direction in any Table of Assize respecting the Price of Standard Wheaten Bread, than a certain Table of Assize contained in an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better regulating the Afize and making of Bread: And whereas the Bakers of London, and within the Bills of Mortality, are unable to manutac- ture and sell Standard Wheaten Bread, by reason of the said Act last mentioned not making a due At- lowance to the Baker; and the said Assize Table not being suited to the present Price of Flour t* Be it enacted, That all the Provisions, Regulations, and Directions contained in the said Act of the thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty, concerning Wheaten Bread and Household Bread, shall extend to the making and felling of Standard Wheaten Bread; and the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall be empowered, and they are hereby empowered to fix an Assize or Price of Standard Wheaten Bread, upon such Principles as they now fix the Assize or Price of Wheaten and Household Bread, and that they shall be enabled to make a due Allowance to the Bakers, for making and felling the lame, according to their Opinion of w hat ought fairly to be allowed them for their Trouble and Expence in making and felling the said Standard Wheaten Bread.

upon the latter to be fixed upon the same Principles as the former.

No Manager or Officer shall act as a Dealer in Wheat, &c.

©h Penalty of forfeiting 40s. per Quarter.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Manager of the said Company, or Officer or Servant employed in the said Manufactory, or in any Business relating thereto, shall, during the Time of his remaining such Manager, or being employed as aforesaid, ad as a Dealer in Wheat or other Grain, or Flour or Meal, or as a Factor or Agent in the buying or selling thereof, or shall buy any Wheat or other Grain, Flour, or Meal, for the Purpose of felling the same for Profit or Gain, or make for Sale, or sell any Bread; and if any such Manager or Officer, or other Person aforesaid, shall, during such Time as aforesaid, ad as a Dealer in Wheat or other Grain, or Flour or Meal, or buy or sell any Wheat or other Grain, Flour, or Meal, as a Fadoror Agent, for any other Person or Persons, or buy any Wheat or other Gr^in, or Flour or Meal, on his own Account, for the Purpose of felling the same for Profit or Gain, or make for Sale, or sell any Bread, he or she shall forfeit, for every Quarter of Wheat or other Grain, or Sack of Flour or Meal, so bought or sold, and for every Sack of Flour or Meal so made into Bread.as aforesaid, the Sum Of forty Shillings, to be recovered with Costs of Suit, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed, and to be applied, one Half thereof to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence was committed, and the other Half to the Person or Persons who shall Cue for the same.

Shares may be transferred. Form of Transfer. Transfer shall be registered in the Books of the Company, or the Purchasers shall not be entitled to any Dividends, or to vote. §22. If 120,000l. shall not be sufficient 30,000l. more may be raised. §23. The additional Sum may be raised by Mortgage or Bond. Form of Assignments. §24. An Entry of every Alignment shall be made by the Clerk to the Company in a Book which may be perused gratis by the Proprietors. Assignments may be transferred. 44 Form of Transfer. Transfers to be entered in the same Manner as original Assignments. §25. Interest of Mortgages shall be paid Half Yea*"ly in Preference to Dividends. 26."

No Member or Officer of the Company disabled Irom fitting; in Farlia-jnent, 01 shall ‘ inrefpeit of his

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall be a Member, or a Manager or other Officer of the said Company, shall for that Cause only be disabled from being a Member of Parliament, or (balfe in respect of his Share or Shares therein, be or be adjudged liable to be a Bankrupt within the Intent and Meaning of all or any of the Statutes made of or concerning Bankrupts.

Share be liable to be a Bankrupt.

His Majesty, by Order in Council, may dissolve the Company or fyfpend their Proceedings.

Limitation of Actionsfix Months. General Issue. Treble Costs. §28."

XXIX. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, if he shall so think fit, by his Order in Council, to dissolve the said Company, or to suspend all or any of the Proceedings of the lame; such Diflblution or Suspension being to take Effect not sooner than six Months from and after the Date of such Order in Council.

[Publick Act.]

44 §30."

---

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 98, 99. 451

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act to restrain all Trusts and Directions in Deeds or Wills, whereby the Profits or Produce of Real or Personal Estate shall be accumulated, and the beneficial Enjoyment thereof postponed beyond the Time therein limited.

[28th July 1800.]

---

WHEREAS it is expedient that all Dispositions of Real or Personal Estates, whereby the Profits and Produce thereof are directed [to be accumulated, and the beneficial Enjoyment thereof is postponed, (houkf be made subject to the Restrictions herein after contained May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons shall, after the passing of this Act, by o/wii/*-any Deed or Deeds^Surrender or Surrenders* Will, Codicil, or otherwise howsoever, settle or dispose of any &c fcttj0 Real or Personal Property, so and in such Manner that the Rents, Issues, Profits, or Produce thereof, shall be or dispose of wholly or partially accumulated; for any longer Term than the Life or Lives of any such Grantor or Grantors, any Real or Settler or Settlers; or the Term of twenty-one Years from the Death of any such Grantor, Settler, De- i^rfonai Provisor, or Testator; or during the Minority or respective Minorities of any Person or Persons who shall be ^amCtr^that* living, or in Ventre fa Mere at the Time of the Death of such Grantor, Devisor, or Testator 5 or during the the^enrscr Minority or respective Minorities only of any Person or Persons who, under the Uses or Trusts of the produceiha ibe Deed, Surrender, Will, or other Assurances, directing such Accumulations, would, for the Time being, accumulated if of full Age, be entitled unto the Rents, Issues, and Profits, or the Interest, Dividends, or annual Pfoduce for a longer so directed to be accumulated: and in every Case where any Accumulation shall be directed otherwise than W

as aforesaid, such Direction shall be null and void, and the Kents, Issues, Profits, and Produce of such Pro- settler; \r 21 perty so directed to be accumulated, shall, so long as the same shall be directed to be accumulated contrary Years after his to the Provisions of this Act, go to and be received by such Person or Persons as would have been entitled, Decease; ordur-thereto if such Accumulation had not been directed. *ns thre Minority of any

Party living at his Decease $ or the Minorities of Persons beneficially entitled. Any other Direction shall be void, end the Renti, See. go to the Persons entitled thereto.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to any Nothing herein

Provision for Payment of Debts of any Grantor, Settler, or Devisor, or other Person or Persons, or to any to extend to Provision for railing Portions for any Child or Children of any Grantor, Settler, or Devisor, or any Child ^///on^0tn0f or Children of any Person taking any Interest under any such Conveyance, Settlement, or Devise, or to any Debts or for Direction touching the Produce of Timber or Wood upon any Lands or Tenements; but that all such Pro- raising Portions visions and Directions shall and may be made and given as if this Act had not passed. for Children, or

touching she Produce of Timbwr;

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to any Disposition nor.t.° an? Jif-

respecting Heretable Property within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. ^ubl°enpro-C*

perty in Scotland*

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Restrictions in this Act contained shall take effect and Restriaions be in force with respect to Wills and Testaments made and executed before the passing of this Act, in such

cases only where the Devisor or Testator shall be living, and of found and disposing Mind, after the Ex- wiUsmade be-piration of twelve Calendar Months from the passing of this Act. fore the pairing

of this A O, only where the Testator shall live, &c. la Months after passing tills Act

---

CAP. XCIX.

An Act for better regulating the Business of Pawnbrokers.

[28th July 1800.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

---

[36 Geo. 3. c. 87. recited,

intituled, An Act for regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers, which was to be in force for three tinned ttll 1^0°*

whole Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer: And £nd 0fthis whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for more effectually regulating the Trade ;Or

Sessiononiy.

Business of Pawnbrokers, from the Time when the said Act will expire May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[

That the said Act passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers* shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be in full force and effect until the Expiration of the present Session of Parliament, and from and after such Expiration this Act shall commence and take effect, and be put in Execution, in-ilead of the said recited Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That upon and from the Commencement of this Act, it shall be lawful for Pawnbrokers all Persons uiing and exercising the Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker, to demand, receive, and take of and from all and every Person and Persons applying or offering to redeem any Goods or Chattels pawned or 1 acSi pledged with such Pawnbroker, a Profit, after the following Rates, over and above the principal Sum and

45 a

Rates.

When the Intermediate Sum lent exceeds zs. 6d. but does not exceed 40s. the Rate of 4c!. for the Lorn of:

Pawnbrokers to give Farthings in Change.

T.im'ting the Profit* lor Part of a Month,

F.m-11* to be < v. in

C. 99. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Sums which shall have been lent and advanced upon the respective Pledge or Pledges, before any such Pawnbroker shall be obliged to re-deliver the same; (videlicet,)

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent any Sum not exceeding two Shillings and Sixpence, the Sum of one Halfpenny for any Time during which the said Pledge shall remain in Pawn not exceeding one Calendar Month, and the same for every Calendar Month afterwards, including the current Month in which such Pledge shall be redeemed, although such Month shall not be expired:

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent the Sum of five Shillings, one Penny:

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent seven Shillings and Sixpence, one Penny Halfpenny:

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent ten Shillings, twopence:

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent twelve Shillings and Sixpence, two Pence Halfpenny:

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent fifteen Shillings, three Pence:

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent seventeen Shillings and Sixpence, three Pence Halfpenny:

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent one Pound, four Pence-; and so on progrdRvely and in proportion for any sum not exceeding forty Shillings:

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent any Sum of Money exceeding forty Shillings, and not exceeding forty-two Shillings, eight Pence:

And for every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent any Sum exceeding forty-two Shillings and not exceeding ten Pounds, at and after the Rate of three Pence, and no more, for the Loan of every twenty Shillings for all such Money so lent, by the Calendar Month, including the current Month; and so in proportion for any fractional Sura

Which said several Sums shall be taken in lieu of and as a full Satisfaction for all Interest due, and Charges For Warehouse Room.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any intermediate Sum. lent upon any Pawn or Pledge shall exceed the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence and not exceed the Sum of forty Shillings, the Person lending the same shall and may take, by way of Profit as aforesaid, at and after the Rate of four Pence and no more# for the Loan of twenty Shillings by the Calendar Month, including the current Month as aforesaid.

sos* by the Month to be paid.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Sum to be demanded, received, and taken by any Pawnbroker or Pawnbrokers, his, her, or their Servant or Agent, of and from any Person or Persons applying or offering to redeem any Goods or Chattels pawned or pledged with ffich Pawnbroker or Pawnbrokers, either as Profit upon any Sum lent, or as Part Principal and Part Profit, shall amount to a total Sum of which the Piece of Money of the lowest Denomination shall be one Farthing: and where the Person or Persons so applying or offering to redeem such Goods or Chattels shall have paid down the Sum due for such Principal and Profit, or for such Profit only (as the Case may be) except the last remaining Farthing, and shall not be able to produce and pay to such Pawnbroker or Pawnbrokers, his, her, or their Servant or Agent, a current Farthing, and which shall be to the Satisfaction and Liking of such Person or Persons to receive the same, but shall in lieu thereof tender to such Person or Persons to receive the same one Halfpenny, in order to discharge the said remaining Farthing so due as aforesaid, the said Pawnbroker or Pawnbrokers, his, her, or their Servant or Agent, to whom such Tender of a Halfpenny for such Purpose as aforesaid shall be made, shall, in Exchange thereof, deliver unto such Person or Persons so ledeeming Goods as aforesaid, one good and lawful Farthing, of the current Coin of this Kingdom, or in Default thereof shall wholly abate the said remaining Farthing from the total Sum to be received by him or them of such Person or Persons so redeeming Goods or Chattels as aforesaid.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Party or Parties entitled to and applying for the Redemption of Goods pawned within the Space of seven Days after the Expiration of the fil l! Calendar Month after the same shall have been pledged, he, she, or they shall and may be at Liberty to redeem the same without paying any Thing by way of Profit to the Pawnbroker for the said seven Days, or such Part thereof as shall then have elapsed; and that in all Cases where the Party or Parties so entitled, and applying as aforesaid after the Expiration of the said first seven Days, and before the Expiration of the lull fourteen Days of the second Calendar Month, he, she, or they shall and may be at Liberty to redeem such Goods, upon paying the Profit payable for one Calendar Month and the Half of another Calendar Month to the Pawnbroker; but that in ail Cases where the Party or Parties so entitled find applying as aforesaid, after the Expiration of the said first; fourteen Days, and before the Expiration or the said second Calendar Month, it shall be lawful for the Pawnbroker to demand and take the Profit of the whole second Month; and that the like Regulation and Restriction shall take place and be in force in every subsequent Calendar Month* wherein Application shall be made for redeeming Goods pawned.

VI. And be it farther enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who, from and after the Commencement of this Act, shall take by way of Pawn or Pledge, of or from any Person or Persons whom-soever, any Goods or Chattels, of what Kind soever the same shall be, and whereon shall be lent any Sum of Money exceeding five Shillings, shall forthwith, and before he, she, or they shall or may advance or lend any Money upon such Pawn or Pledge, enter or cause to be entered, in a fair and regular Manner, in a

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 99. 453

Book or Books to be kept by hina, her, or them for that Purpose, a Description of the Goods or Chattels which he, she, or they shall receive in Pawn, Pledge, or Exchange, and also the Sum of Money to be advanced orient thereon, with the Day of the Month and Year on which, and the Name of the Person or Persons by whom such Goods or Chattels are so pawned, pledged, or exchanged, and the Name of the Street and Number of the House, if the same shall be laid to be numbered, where such Person shall abide, and whether such Person or Persons is or are a Lodger in, or the Keeper of such House, by using the Letter "L" if a Lodger, and the Letter "H" if a Huuickeeper, and also the Name and Place of Abode of the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, according to the Information of the Person pawning, pledging, or exchanging the same, into all which Circumstances the Pawnbroker is hereby required 10 esquire of the Party pawning, before 2nv Money shall be lent or advanced, and in all Cases where the Money lent on any such Goods or Chattels shall not exceed the Sum of live Shillings, such Entry shall be made in such Book or Books, by all and every such Person and Persons so taking the i one by Way of Pawn, Pledge, or Exchange as aforesaid, within four Hours next after the said Goods and Chattels shall have been so pawned, pledged, or exchanged as aforesaid; and every Pledge upon wn.cn hull be lent any Sum of Money above ten Shillings, shall be entered in the Manner aforesaid in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, separate and apart from all other Pledges whatever; and every such Entry of such Pledge whereon. shall be lent any Sum of Money exceeding ten Shillings, shall be numbered in such Book or Books progressively as they are received in Pawn, in the Manner toil owing; (videlicet tne fink Pledge that is received in Pawn in the Month of September next, shall be numbered N° 1. the second N° 2. and so on progressively until the End of the Month; and the first Pledge that is received in the next Month shall be numbered N° 1. and the second N° 2. and so on progressively and in like Manner until the End of the Month; and the like Regulation with respect to the Numbers of all Pledges above ten Shillings, shall be observed in every succeeding Month throughout the Year and upon every Note or Memorandum respecting any such Pledge whereon shall be lent any Sum exceeding ten Shillings as aforesaid, shall be fairly and legibly written or printed the Number of the Entry of such Pledge so entered in such Book or Books as aforesaid; and every such Person shall, at the Time of the taking of every Pawn, Pledge or Exchange Pawnbrokers to whatsoever, give to the Person or Persons so pawning, pledging, or exchanging the Came, a Note or Me- g»vea Noted*, morandum, fairly and legibly written or printed, or in Part written and in Part printed, containing therein cnbing Things in like Manner a Description of the Goods and Chattels which he, she, or they have received in Pawn, Pawnc'# Pledge, or Exchange, and also the Sum of Money advanced thereon, with the Day of the Month and Year on which, and the Name and Place of Abode, and Number of the House, if said to be numbered, of the Person or Persons by whom, such Goods or Chattels are so pawned, pledged, or exchanged, and whether such Person is a Lodger or Housekeeper as aforesaid, by using the Letter "L" if a Lodger, and the Letter "H" if a Housekeeper, and also the Name and Place of Abode of the Owner or Owners thereof, according to the Information aforesaid; and upon which Laid Note or Memorandum, or on the Back whereof,

shall be moreover fairly written or printed, the Name and Place of Abode of the Pawnbroker giving the same; which Laid Note or Memorandum the Party and Parties pawning, pledging, or exchanging the Laid Goods or Chattels shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to accept and take in all cases, and the Pawnbroker shall not receive and retain such Pledge unless the Party pledging or offering to pledge the same shall accept and take such Note or Memorandum; and every such Note, where the Sum lent shall be less than live Shillings, shall be delivered gratis; and where the Sum lent shall be five Shillings or upwards, ard less than ten Shillings, such Pawnbroker shall and may take one Halfpenny for the same; and where the Sum lent shall be ten Shillings or upwards, and less than twenty Shillings, such Pawnbroker shall and may take one Penny for the same; and where the Sum lent (h ill be twenty Shillings or upwards, and Jess than five Pounds, the Sum of two Pence for the same; and where the Sum lent shall be five Pounds or upwards, the Sum of four Pence and no more; and which Note shall be produced to the Pawnbroker before he or she shall be obliged to re-deliver the respective Goods or Chattels, except as herein-afeer is excepted.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Goods or Chattels pawned or pledged shall The Amount

be redeemed, the Pawnbroker of whom the same shall be redeemed shall, at the Time of such Redcmp- of Profits flr.ll ' tion, fairly and legibly write or indorse, or cause to be written or indorsed, upon every Duplicate reflecting t* indoifcden such Pawn or Pledge, the Amount of the Profit taken by him, or on his Account, on the Money lent upon re-

such Goods or Chattels so redeemed, and shall keep such Duplicate in his Custody for the Space of one kernelC-Year then next following.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this AM, if any Person Penalty against or Persons shall knowing! v and designedly pawn, pledge, or exchange, or unlawfully dispose of the Goods unhwiuliy

or Chattels of any other Person or Persons, not being employed or authorised by the Owner or Owners P*W"'"S Goods thereof so to do, it shall be lawful for any Justice to grant his Warrant to apprehend any Person k> offend- ethers ing, and if he, she, or they shall be thereof convicted, by the Oath of any credible Witness or WituHIes, * or by the Confession of the Person or Persons charged with such Offence, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place where ihe Offence (hah be committed, (which Oath every such Just ce or Justices as aforesaid is and are hereby empowered and required to administer,) every such Offender shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding rive Pounds from 5l.fto2os. nor less than twenty Shillings, and also the full Value of the Goods or Chattels so pawned, pledged, ex- and the Value. changed, or disposed of, such Value to be ascertained by such Juffide or Justices; and in case the said of flu. Cook's Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, the Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid before whom such Conviction shall be had, shall commit the Party or Parties so convicted to the HouCe of Correction or some other publick Prison of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place waeicm the Offender

or Imprison-ni.nt nvt exceeding three Month:, and Whipping.

454 C. 99. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Penalty on forging, counterfeiting, or uttering Notes,

Imprisonment

no: exceeding three iYJomhs.

Persons not giving a good Account of them (elves on offering topawn Goo liable to Punishment.

buying t m

r. jinifll-

or

r Ap-: ulted

der or Offenders Hull reside, or beconvifted, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for a Space not exceeding three Calendar Months, unless the said Forfeitures shall be sooner paid; and if within three Days before the Expiration of the said Term‘of Commitment the said Forfeitures shall not be paid, the said Justice or Justices, at his and their Discretion, may order the Person or Persons so convicted to be publickly whipped in the House of Correction or Prison to which the Offender or Offenders shall have been committed, or in some other publick Place of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, as to such Justice or Justices shall seem proper; and the said respective Forfeitures; when recovered, shall be applied towards making Satisfaction thereout to the Party or Parties injured, and defraying the Costs of the Prosecution, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be had; but if the Party or Parties injured shall decline to accept of such Satisfaction and Costs, or if there shall be any Overplus of the said respective Forfeitures, after making such Satisfaction and paying such Costs as aforesaid, then such respective Forfeitures, or the Overplus thereof (as the Case shall happen) shall be paid and applied to and for the Life of the Poor of the Parish or Place where such Offence shall have been committed, and shall be paid to the Over-seers of the Poor of such Parish or Place for that Purpose.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall counterfeit, forge, or alter, or cause or procure to be counterfeited, forged, or altered, any such Note or Memorandum as aforesaid, or shall utter, vend, or sell any such Note as aforesaid, knowing the same to be counterfeited, forged, or altered, with Intent to defraud any Person or Persons whomsoever, fn all or any or either of the said cases, such Person or Persons shall be punished in Manner herein after mentioned; and it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, his, her, or their Servants or Agents to whom any Note shall be uttered or produced, shewn, or offered, which he, she, or they shall have Reason to suspect to have been counterfeited, forged, or altered, to (eize and detain such Person or Persons uttering, producing, shewing, or offering the same, and to deliver him, her, or them, as soon as conveniently may be, into the Custody of a Constable, or other Peace Officer, who shall and is hereby required, as soon as conveniently may b^, to convey such Person or Persons before some Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place wherein the Offence shall be supposed to have been committed; and if upon Examination it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, that the Person or Persons charged with having committed any such Offence is or are guilty thereof, then, and in every such Case, the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and required to commit the Party or Parties offending to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, there to be imprisoned for any Time not exceeding the Space of*three Calendar Months, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices.

" X. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons who shall offer by way of Pawn, Pledge, Exchange, or Sale, any Goods or Chattels, shall not be able, or shall refuse to give a satisfactory Account of himself, herself, or themselves, or of the Means by which he, she, or they became possessed of such Goods or Chattels, or shall wilfully give any false Information to the Pawnbroker, or to his or her Servant or Servants, as to whether such Goods or Chattels are his, her, or their own Property or not, or of his or her Name and Phce of Abode, or of the Name and Place of Abode of the Owner or Owners of the lad Goods or Chattels, or if there shall be any other Reason to suspect that such Goods or Chattels are stolen or otherwise illegally or clandestinely obtained, or if any Person or Persons not entitled, nor having any Colour of Title by Law to redeem Goods or Chattels, in Pledge or Pawn, shall attempt or endeavour to redeem the fyne, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, his, her, or their Servants or Agents, to whom such Goods or Chattels shall be so offered, or with whom such Goods or Chattels are in Pledge, to seize and detain such Person or Persons and the said Goods or Chattels, and to deliver such Person or Persons immediately into the Custody of a Constable or other Peace Officer, who shall and is hereby required, as soon aS may be, to convey such Person or Persons, and the said Goods or Chattels so offered, before some Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place wherein the Offence shall be supposed to have been committed; and if such Justice or Justices shall, upon Examination and Enquiry, have cause to fuf|)eft that the said Goods or Chattels were stolen, or illegally or clan-deft, rely obtained, or that the Person or Persons offering and endeavouring to redeem the same shall not have sny Pretence or Colour of Right to redeem the same, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to commit such Person or Persons into safe Custody, for such reasonable Time as shall be necessary for the obtaining proper Information on the Subject, in order to be further examined; and if upon either of the said Examinations it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices that the said Goods or Chattels were stolen, or illegally or clandestinely obtained, or that the Person or Persons offering or endeavouring to redeem the same, hath or have not any Pretence or Colour of Right so to do, the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and required to commit the Party or Parties offending to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, there to be dealt with according to Law, where the Nature of the Offence shall authorize such Commitment by any other Law, and where the Nature of the Offence shall not authorize such Commitment by any other Law, then such Commitment shall be for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall knowingly buy or take in as a Pledge or Pawn, or in Exchange, any Goods oCany Manufacture, or of any Part or Branch of any Manufacture, either mixed or separate, or any Materials whatsoever plainly intended for the composing or manufacturing of any Goods, after such Goods or Materials respectively are put into a State or Course of Manufacture, or into a State for any Process or Operation to be

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 99. 455

thereupon or therewith performed, and before such Goods or Materials are completed or finished for the wa!h or Purposes of Wear or Consumption, or any Linen or Apparel, which Goods, Materials, Linen, or Apparel, are or shall be intruded to any Person or Persons to wash, scour, iron, mend, manufacture, work up, and restore the finish, or make up, and shall be convicted of the same on the Oath of one credible Witness, or on Con- Good*, session of the Party or Parties, before one or more Justice or Justices, every such Person or Persons shall forfeit double the Sum given for or lent on the same, to be paid to the Poor of the Parish where the Offence is committed, to be recovered in the same Manner as any other Forfeitures are by this Act directed to be recovered, and shall likewise be obliged to restore the said Goods and Materials to the Owner or Owners thereof, in the Presence of the said Justice or Justices.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Owners of any Goods of any Manufacture, or Empowering of any Part or Branch of any Manufacture, either mixed or separate, or any Materials whatsoever, plainly intended for the composing or manufacturing of any Goods, after such Goods or Materials respectively CooTs*

are put into a State or Course of Manufacture, or into a State for any Process or Operation to be thereupon &c. unlawfully’ or therewith performed, and before such Goods or Materials are completed or finished for the Purposes of come by, which Wear or Consumption, or any Linen or Apparel, which Goods, Materials, Linen, or Apparel are or shall be restored be so intruded as aforesaid, unlawfully pawned, pledged, or exchanged, shall make out either on his, her, or to the 0wrner* their Oath, or by the Oath of any credible Witness, or, being one of the People called Quakers> by solemn Affirmation, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace within his or their Jurisdiction, that there is just Cause to suspect that any Person or Persons within the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices hath or have taken to pawn, or by way of Pledge or in Exchange, any such Goods or Materials, Linen or Apparel so intruded as aforesaid, of such Owner or Owners, and without the Privity or Authority of such Owner or Owners thereof, and shall make appear to the Satisfaction of any such Justice or Justices probable Grounds for such the Suspicion of the Owner or Owners thereof, then and in any such Case any Justice or Justices of the Peace within his or their Jurisdiction, may issue his or their Warrant for searching, within the Hours of Business, the House, Warehouse, or other Place of any such Person or Persons who shall be charged, on Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, as suspected to have received or taken in Pawn or by way of Pledge, or in Exchange, any such Goods or Materials, Linen or Apparel, without the Privity of or Authority from the Owner or Owners thereof; and if the Occupier or Occupiers of any House, Warehouse, or other Place wherein any such Goods, Materials, Linen, or Apparel, (half on Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid be charged or suspected to be, shall, after the Commencement of this Act, on Request made to him, her, or them, to open the same, by any Peace Officer authorised to search there by Warrant from any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, in which such House, Warehouse, or other Place shall be situate, refuse to open the same and permit the same to be searched, it shall be lawful for any Peace Officer to break open any such House, Warehouse, or other Place, within the Hours of Business, and to search as he shall think fit therein for the Goods, Materials, Linen, or Apparel (bfpefted to be there, doing no wilful Damage; and no Pawnbroker or other Person or' Persons shall oppose or hinder any such Search; and if upon the Search of the House, Warehouse, or other Place of any such suspected Person or Persons as aforesaid, any of the Goods, Materials, Linen, or Apparel, which shall have been so pawned, pledged, or exchanged as aforesaid shall be found, and the Property of; the Owner or Owners thereof shall be made out to the Satisfaction of any such Justice or Justices, by the Oath of one more credible Witness or Witnesses, or if any such Witness or Witnesses shall be of the People called Quakersi by solemn Affirmation, or by the Confession of the Person or Persons charged with any such Offence, any such Justice or Justices shall thereupon cause the Goods, Materials, Linen, or Apparel, found on any such Search, and pawned, pledged, or exchanged as aforesaid, to be forthwith restored to the Owner or Owners thereof.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Owners of any Goods or Chattels unlawfully Where Goods pawned, pledged, or exchanged, shall make out, either on his, her, or their Oath, or by the Oath of any are unlawfully credible Witness, or, being one of the People called Quakers} by solemn Affirmation, before any Justice Pawnbroker to or Justices of the Peace within his or their Jurisdiction, that such Owner or Owners hath or have had his, restorc them* her, or their Goods or Chattels unlawfully obtained or taken from him, her, or them, and that there is just Cause to suspect that any Person or Persons within the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices hath or have taken to pawn, or by way of Pledge, or in Exchange, any Goods or Chattels of such Owner or Owners, and without the Privity or Authority of such Owner or Owners thereof, and shall make appear to the Satisfaction of any such Justice or Justices, probable Grounds for such the Suspicion of the Owner or Owners thereof, then and in any such Case any Justice or Justices of the Peace within his or their Jurisdiction may issue his or their Warrant for searching, within the Hours of Business, the House, Warehouse, or other Place of any such Person or Persons who shall be charged on Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid as suspected to have received or taken in Pawn, or by way of Pledge or in Exchange, any such Goods or Chattels, without the Privity of, or Authority from the Owner or Owners thereof; and if the Occupier or Occupiers of any House, Warehouse, or other Place wherein any such Goods or Chattels shall on Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid be charged or suspected to be, shall, after the Commencement of this Act, on Request made to him, her, or them to open the same by any Peace Officer authorised to search there, by Warrant from a Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, in which such House, Warehouse, or other Place shall be situate, refuse to open the same, and permit the same to be searched, it shall be lawful for any Peace Officer to break open any such House, Warehouse, or other Place, within the Hours of Business, and to search as he shall think fit therein, for the Goods or Chattels suspecied to be there, doing no wilful Damage; and no Pawnbroker or other Person or Persons shall oppose or hinder any such Search j and if upon the Search of the House, Warehouse or other

456 C. 99. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Place of any such suspected Person or Persons as aforesaid, any of the Gooch or Chattels which shall have been so pawned, pledged, or exchanged as aforesaid shall be found, and the Propeityof the Owner or Owners from whom the same shall have been unlawfully obtained or taken, trull be made our to the Satisfaction of any such Justice or Justices by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or \VitneHes, or if any such Witness or Witnesses shall be of the People called Quakers, by solemn Affirmation, or by iheCunfd-fion of the Person or Persons charged with any such Offence, any such J>id ice or Justices fn.il) thtr.-.upon cause the Goods and Chattels found on any such Search, and pawned, pledged, or exchanged dbreiaid, to be forthwith restored to the Owner or Owners thereof.

Penalty on the

XIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, if any Coo^? or who'wlu^not Chattels shall he pawned or pledged for securing any Money lent thereon, not exceeding in the Whftiethe deliverupGoods Principal Sum of ten Pounds, and the Profit thereof, and if within one Year after the pawning or pigging -to the Pawner. thereof, (Proof having been made on Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid by one or more credc.de Witness or Witnesses, and by producing the Note or Memorandum directed to be given by this Act as a fore kid, before any Justice or Justices, to the Satisfaction of any such Justice or Just:ms, of the pawning or plccgirg of any such Goods or Chattels within the said Space of one Year, or one Year and three Months, as the Case may be,) any such Pawner or Pawners who was or were the ical Owner or Owners of such Goods or Chattels at the Time of the pawning or pledging thereof, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall tender unto the Person or Persons who lent, on the Security of the Goods or Chattels pawned, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, the Principal Money borrowed thereon, and Profit, according to the 'Fable of Rates by this Act established, and the Person who took such Goods or Chattels in Pawn, his or her Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall thereupon, without shewing reasonable Cause for lb doing to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Just^res, neglect or refuse to deliver back the Goods or Chau:’5 so pawned for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the said Principal Sum of ten Pounds, to the Person or Persons who borrowed the Money thereon, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or A(-signs, then and in any such Case, on Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid thereof made by the Pawner or Pawners thereof, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or some other credible Person, any-Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place whet: the Person or Persons who took such Pawn 11s aforesaid, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, lb ail dwell, on the Application of the Borrower or Borrowers, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, is and are hereby required to cause such Person or Persons who took such Pawn, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, within the Jurisdiction of the Justice or Justices, to come before such Justice or Justices; and such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and required to examine oa Oath or solemn Affirmation as the Case may require, the Parties themselves, and such other credible Person or Persons as shall appear before him or them touching the Premises; and if Tender of the Principal Money due, and all Profit thereon as aforesaid, shall be proved by Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid to hive been made (such Principal Money not exceeding the said Sum of ten Pounds) to the Lender or Lenders. thereof, his, her, br their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, by the Borrower or Borrowers of such Principal Money, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, within the said Space of one Year, or one Year and three Months, as the Case may be, after the said pawning or pledging of the Goods or Chattels, then on Payment by the Borrower or Borrowers, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, of such Principal Money, and the Profit due thereon, as aforesaid, to the Lender or Lenders, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, and in case the Lender or Lenders, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall refuse to accept thereof, on Tender thereof to him, her, or them made by the Borrower or Borrowers thereof, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, before any such Justice or Justices, such Justice or Justices shall thereupon, by Order under his or their Hand or Hands, direct the Goods or Chattels (b pawned forthwith to be delivered up to the Pawner or Pawners thereof, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns; and if the Person or Persons who shall have lent any Principal Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the fa J Sum of ten Pounds on any Goods or Chattels pawned, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall neglect or refuse to deliver up or make Satisfaction for the Goods or Chattels wh ch shall be. so proved to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices as aforesaid to have been (o pawned, as any such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid shall order and direct, then any such Justice or Justices (hill, and is and are hereby authorised and required to commit the Party or Parties (hr refilling to deliver up or Imprisonment make Satisfaction for the same, to the House of Cot region or some other publick Prison for the Cotinry, Goods "or Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place wherein the Offender or Offenders shall reside or he con-

Satisfaction* victed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he, she, or they shall deliver up the Goods cr nude. Chattels (b pawned, and continuing redeemable as aforesaid, according to ch: Order of such Justice or Jus-

tices as aforesaid, or make such Satisfaction or Compensation as such Justice or Justices shall adjudge n*a-sonable for the Value thereof, to the Baity or Parties entitled to the Redemption of such Goods or Chatt;.s Persons mdu lmvnec^ continuing redeemable as aforesaid.

cin".^Notes'or

XV. And, to prevent any inconvenience to Persons carrying on the Trade and Bitftness of a Pawn-

Memorandums broker, from several different Persons claiming a Property in the same Goods or Chattels,* be it further c*i tmod ihe enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, any Person or Persons who shall at ary’ Owners. Time produce any such Note or Memorandum as aforesaid, to the Person or Persons with whom the Gcxv>

therein specified were pawned or pledged, as the Owner thereof, or as authorised by the Owner thereof, m. redeem the same, and require a Delivery of the Goods or Chattels mentioned therein, to him, her, or the^, such Person or Persons shall be, and is and are hereby deemed and taken to be, so far as respects the Person or Persons having such Goods and Chattels in Pledge, the real Owner and Owners, Proprietor and Proprietors of such Goods and Chattels, and the Person or Persons so uiing the said Trade and Bull rids of a 7 Pawnbroker

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 99. 457

Pawnbroker shall be* and is and are hereby directed and required, after receiving Satisfaction pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, respecting Principal and Profit, to deliver such Goods and Chattels to the Person or Persons who shall so produce the said Note or Memorandum to him, her, or them, and shall be, and is and are hereby indemnified forfo doing, unless he, she, or they shall have had previous Notice from the real Owner or Owners thereof not to deliver the same to the Person or Persons producing such Note, or unless Notice shall have been given to him, her, or them, that the Goods and Chattels pawned have been or are lufpedled to h^ve been fraudulently or feloniously taken or obtained, and unless the real Owner or Owners thereof proceeds or proceed, in Manner herein after provided and directed for the redeeming of Goods and Chattels pledged, where such Note hath been loft, miftaid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained from the Owner or Owners thereof.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Pawnbroker shall have had such previous Notice as aforesaid, or irt case any such Note or Memorandum as aforesaid shall be loft, mififid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained from the Owner or Owners thereof, and the Goods and Chattels mentioned therein shall remain unredeemed, that then and in every such Case the Pawnbroker or Pawnbrokers with whom the find Goods and Chattels were so pledged shall, at the Request and Application of any Person or Persons who shall represent himself, herself, or themselves to the Pawnbroker as the O wher or Owners of the Goods and Chattels in Pledge as aforesaid, deliver to such Person or Persons so requesting and applying for the same, a

'Copy of the Note or Memorandum so lost, mislaid, destroyed, of fraudulently obtained as aforesaid, w th the Form of an Affidavit of the particular Circurtfthnces attending the Case, printed or written, or in Part printed and in Part written on the said Copy, as the same shall be dated to him or her by the Party ^applying as aforesaid, for which Copy of such Note or Memorandum, and Form of Affidavit, in case the Money.lent shall not exceed the Sum of five Shillings, the Pawnbroker shall receive the Sum of one Halfpenny; and in case the Money lent shall exceed the Sum of five Shillings, and not exceed the Sum of ten Shillings, the Pawnbroker shall receive the Sum of one Penny; and in cale the Money lent shall exceed the Sum of ten Shillings, the Pawnbroker shall receive the like Sum of Money as he is entitled to receive and take on giving the original Note or Memorandum, such Money to be paid by the Party applying for the same af the Time of making the said Application; and the Person or Persons having so obtained such Copy of the Note or Memorandum, and Form of Affidavit as aforesaid, shall thereupon prove his, her, or their Property in, or Right to such Goods and Chattels, to the Satisfaction of some Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Place, where the said Goods or Chattels shall have been pledged, pawned, or exchanged, and shall also verify on Oath or Affirmation, as the Case may be, before the said Justice, the Truth of the particular Circumstances attending the Case mentioned in such Affidavit or Affirmation to be made as aforesaid, the Caption of such Oath or Affirmation to be authenticated by the Hand Writing thereto of the Justice before whom the same shall be made, and who shall, and is hereby required so to authenticate the same, whereupon the Pawnbroker shall suffer the Person or Persons proving such Property to the Satisfaction of such Justice as aforesaid, and making such Affidavit or Affirmation as aforesaid, on leaving such Copy of the said Note or Memorandum, and the said Affidavit or Affirmation with the said Pawnbroker, to redeem such Goods or Chattels.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Goods and Chattels which shall be pawned or pledged, shall be deemed forfeited, and may be sold at the Expiration of one whole Year, exclusive of the Day whereon the Goods and Chattels were fa pawned as aforesaid; and that all Goods and Chattels so forfeited on which any Sum above ten Shillings and not exceeding ten Pounds shall have been lent, shall be sold by publick Auction, and not otherwise, by the Order of the Person having the same in Pawn, at and after the Expiration of the said Year, but the Person employed to sell such Goods and Chattels by Auction shall, and he is hereby required to cause the same to be exposed to publick View, and Catalogues thereof to be published, containing the Name and Place of Abode of the Pawnbroker, and also the Month such Goods were received in Pawn; and the Number of every such Pledge as entered in the Book or Books kept for that Purpose at the Time the same were pawned, and an Advertisement giving Notice of such Sale, and containing the Name or Names, and Place of Abode of the Pawnbroker or Pawnbrokers with whom the said Goods or Chattels were in Pledge, and also the Month such Goods were received in Pawn, to be inserted two several Days in some publick Newspaper, two Days at lead before the first Day of Sale 5 and the Goods and Chattels pledged with every Pawnbroker, shall be inserted in every Catalogue, separate and apart from each other, upon Pain of forfeiting to the Owner or Owners of the said Goods or Chattels, for evpry OlFence in the Premises, any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds nor less than forty Shillings.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Pictures, Prints, Books, Bronzes, Statues, Busts, Carvings in Ivory and Marble, Cameos, Intaglios, Musical, Mathematical, and Philosophical Instruments, and China, which shall be sold by publick Auction as aforesaid, shall be sold by themselves, and without other Goods being sold at such Sale, four Times only in every Year (that is to say,) on the first Monday in the Months of January, ^r/7, Jufa and Ottoler^ in every Year and on the following Day and Days, if the Sale shall exceed one Day, and at no other Time; and the Person who shall be employed to sell the same by Auction shall, and he is hereby required to cause the same to be exposed to publick View, and Catalogues thereof to be published, and an Advertisenfient giving Notice of such Sale, and containing the Name or Names of the Pawnbroker or Pawnbrokers with whom the said Goods were in Pledge, to be inserted two"several Days in some publick Newspaper three Days at the least before the first Day of Sale, upon Pain of forfeiting to the Owner or Owners of the said Goods for every Offence in the Premises, any Sum not exceeding five Pounds nor less than forty Shillings.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons entitled to redeem. Goods or Chattels in Pledge, shall, before or upon the Expiration of the said one Year from the Time of 39 &40 GEO. III. jN pawning

Where Notes of Memorandum! lost, the Pawnbroker to deliver a Copy.

Pawned Goods deemed forfeited at the End of ar Year.

Pledges above 1 as to be sold by Auction.

Pictures, Prints, Hooks, Statues, &c. fhaiP only be sold four Times in a Year, &c.

On Notice from Persons having Goods in Pledge

45»

not to fell, three Months further allowed beyond the Year for Redemption.

Account of Sales of t’It Hires above ics. to be entered by the Pawnbrokers In a Book

and Overplus paid to the Owner of the Goods pawned or sold, &c.

©n Penalty of jol. and treble the Sum lent on Pawn.

Pawnbroker shall not purchase Goods while in his Custody.

Pledges not to be taken from Persons under ia Years ot Age or intoxicate d. Hours ot buying Goods or taking in Pawns limited.

Pawnbrokers to place in View the Table of Pl od is, &c.

C. 99. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

pawning the same, give Notice in Writing, or in the Presence of one Witness, to the Person or Persons having the same in Pledge, or leave the same at his, her, or their usual Place of Abode, not to sell the same at the End of the said one Year, then and in every such Case, such Goods or Chattels shall not be sold or disposed of by the Person or Persons having the same in Pledge until after the Expiration of three Calendar Months, to be computed from the Expiration of the said Year, during which, laid Term of three Calendar Months, the Owner or Owners of the said Goods and Chattels shall have Liberty to redeem the same, upon the Terms stipulated and provided by this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons with whom any Goods or Chattels shall have Uten pawned or pledged, shall from Time to Time enter in a Book or Books, to be kept by him, her, or them for that Purpose, a true and just Account of the Sale of all Goods and Chattels pawned with him, her, or them for upwards of ten Shillings, which shall be sold as aforesaid, expressing the Day of the Month w hen such Goods were pledged, and the Name of the Person pledging the same, according to the Entry made at the Time of receiving the same in Pawn; and also the Day when, and the Money for which such Goods or Chattels pawned were fold, together with the Name and Place of Abode of the Auctioneer by whom the same were fold, according to the Information thereof from the Auctioneer; and in case any such Goods or Chattels shall be sold for more than the Principal Money and Profit aforesaid due thereon at the Time of such Sale, the Overplus shall, by every such Pawnbroker, be paid, on Demand, to the Person by whom or on whose Account such Goods or Chattels were pawned, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, in case such Demand shall be made within three Years after such Sale, the necessary Costs and Charges of such Sale being first deduced; and such Person or Persons who pawned or pledged such Goods or Chattels, or for whom such Goods or Chattels were so pawned or pledged, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall, for his, her, or their Satisfaction in this Matter, be permitted to inspect the Entry to be made as aforesaid of every such Sale, paying for such Inspection the Sum of one Penny and no more; and in case any Person or Persons shall refuse to permit any such Person or Persons who pawned or pledged such Goods or Chattels, or who is or are entitled to such Overplus Money, to inspect such Entry as aforesaid in any such Book or Books, (such Person or Persons,: if an Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators, or Assignee or Assignees, at such Time producing his, her, or their Letters Testamentary, Letters of Administration or Assignment,) or in case the Goods or Chattels were sold fotinore than the Sum entered in any such Book or Books, or if any such Person or Persons shall not make such Entry as aforesaid, or shall not have bor.a Jide% according to the Directions of this Act, sold the same, or shall refuse to pay such Overplus, upon Demand, to the Pawner or Pawners, Owner or Owners, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, (he, she, or they producing such their Letters Testamentary, Letters of Administration or Assignment,) every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, and treble the Sum such Goods and Chattels shall originally have been pawned for, to the Person or Persons by whom or on whose Account such Goods or Chattels were pawned, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Place where the Offence shall be committed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this ACT no Person or Persons having any Goods or Chattels in Pledge, shall, under any Pretence whatsoever, either by himself or herself, or by any other Person for him or her, pirrehafe any such Goods or Chattels so being in Pledge with him or her, during the Time the same shall remain in his or her Custody as such Pledge, save and except at such publick Auction as aforesaid, nor shall suffer the same to be redeemed with a View or Intention to purchase the same; nor shall any such Person taking or having any Goods or Chattels in Pledge, make or cause to be made any Contract or Agreement with any Person or Persons offering to pledge or pledging the same wi:h the Owner or Owners of the Pledge, for the Purchase, Sale, or Disposition of the said Goods and Chattels before the Expiration of one whole Year from the Time of pawning or pledging the same; nor shall any Pawnbroker purchase or receive or take any Goods or Chattels in Pledge of or from any Person or Persons who shall appear to be under the Age of twelve Years, or to be intoxicated with Liquor; or purchase or take in Pawn, Pledge, or Exchange the Note or Memorandum aforesaid of any other Pawnbroker; nor buy any Goods or Chattels in the Course of his, her, or their Trade or Business, before the Hour of Eight of the Clock in the Forenoon, or after the Hour of Seven of the Clock in the Evening throughout the Year; nor employ any Servant or Apprentice, or any other Person under the Age of sixteen Years, to take in any Pledge or Pledges; nor receive or take in any Goods or Chattels by Way of Pawn, Pledge, or in Exchange, before eight of the Clock in the Forenoon or after eight of the Clock in the Evening between Michaelmas Day and Lady Day following, or before seven of the Clock in the Forenoon or after nine of the Clock in the Evening during the Remainder of the Year, excepting only until eleven of the Clock on the Evenings of Saturday throughout the whole Year and the Evenings preceding Good Friday and Clorijhna* Day, and every Faff or Thanksgiving Day to be appointed by his Majesty; nor shall any Person or Persons xerede or carry on the Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker on any Sunday, Good Friday, Christmas Dayt or on any Fast Day or Thanksgiving Day to be appointed as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That, upon and from and after the Commencement of this Act, all and every Person and Persons who shall follow and carry on the Trade and Business of a Pawnbroker, shall cause to be painted or printed, in large legible Characters, the Rate of Profit allowed by this Act to be taken by him, her, or them, and also the various Prices of the Notes or Memorandums to be given by him, her, or them, according to the Rates aforesaid, and an Account of what Notes or Memorandums are to be delivered gratis, and of the Expends of obtaining a fecund Note or Memorandum where the former one

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 99. 459

has been lost, mislaid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained, and place the same in a conspicuous Part or Parts of the Shop or other Place wherein he, she, or they shall carry on such Trade or Business, so as to be visible to and legible by the Persons pledging Goods and Chattels {landing in the several Boxes or Places provided for such Persons coming to pawn or redeem Goods and Chattels at such Shop.

XXIII. And, for the better manifesting by whom the Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker shall hereafter be carried on,* be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, all and every Person or Persons who shall follow or carry on the Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker, shall cause to be painted or written, in large legible Characters, over the Door of each Shop or other Place by him, her, or them respectively made use of for carrying on that Trade or Business, the Christian and Surname or Names of the Person or Persons so carrying on the said Trade or Business, and the Word M Pawnbroker,",.or

Pawnbrokers," as the Case maybe, following the same, upon pain of forfeiting the Sum of ten Pounds for every Shop or Place which shall be so made use of for the Space of one Week without having such Name or Names, and the said Word, so painted or written as aforesaid, to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two Justices of the Peace acting within the respective County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Place, (which Warrant such Justices are hereby authorised and required to grant,) upon the Confrflion of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of any credible Witness or WUneiles upon Oath or Affirmation, as the Case may be; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justices, and they are hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the County Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months nor less than fourteen 'Days, unless the said Penalty, and all reasonable Charges, mail be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if in the Course of any Proceedings before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of or under this Act, it shall appear, or be proved to the Satisfaction of the Justice or Justices upon Oath or solemn Affirmation, that any of the Goods and Chattels pawned as aforesaid have been sold before the Time allowed by this Act, or other wise than according to the Directions of this Act, or have been embezzled or loft, or are become or have been rendered of less Value than the same we re at the Time of pawning or pledging thereof, by or through the Default, Neglect, or wilful Misbehaviour of the Person or Persons by whom the same were so pledged or pawned, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, Agents or Servants, then and in any such Case it shall be lawful for every such Justice artd Justices, and he and they is and are hereby required to allow and award a reasonable Satisfaction to the Owner or Owners of such Goods or Chattels in respect thereof, or of such Damage, and the Sum or Sums of Money so allowed or awarded, in case the same shall not amount to the Principal and Profit aforesaid which shall appear to be due to any Person or Persons with whom the same were so pledged or pawned, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall be deducted out of the said Principal and Profit; and]in all Cases where the Goods and Chattels pawned as aforesaid shall have been damaged as aforesaid, it shall be sufficient for the Pawner or Pawners, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to pay or tender the Money due upon the Balance, after deducting out of the Principal and Profit as aforesaid, for the Goods or Chattels pawned, such reasonable Satisfaction in respect to such Damage as any such Justice or Justices shall order or award, and upon so doing the Justice or Justices shall proceed as if the Pawner or Pawners, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, had paid or tendered the whole Money due for the Principal and Profit aforesaid; and if the Satisfaction to be allowed and awarded to the Owner or Owners of such Goods or Chattels shall be equal to or exceed the Principal and Profit aforesaid, then and in such Case the Person or Persons to whom the same were so pledged or pawned, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall deliver the Goods and Chattels so pledged to the Owner or Owners thereof, without being paid any Thing for Principal or Profit in respect thereof, and shall also pay such Excess (if any) to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, under the Penalty of ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied in Manner herein after mentioned.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, upon Complaint made to him on the Oath or Affirmation of one or more credible Witness or Wunesses, wherein any Information shall be laid against any Pawnbroker for having offended against this Act, or respecting any Dispute between any Pawnbroker and Person having pawned Goods, or the Owner or Owners of Goods pawned, or respecting any Felony or other Matter, or on any other Occasion whatsoever, which in the Judgment of any Justice or Justices shall make the Production of any Book, Note, Voucher, Memorandum, Duplicate, or other Paper necessary, which shall or ought to be in the Hands, Custody, or Power of any Pawnbroker, to summon such Pawnbroker bqfore him to attend, with all and every or any Book, Note, 'Voucher, Memorandum, Duplicate, or Paper, which he or she may or ought to have in his or her Custody or Power relating to the same, which he or she is hereby required to produce before such Justice or Justices in the State the same was or were made at the Time the Pawn or Pledge was received, without any Alteration, Erafement, or Obliteration whatsoever; and in case such Pawnbroker shall neglect or refuse to attend, or to produce the same in its true and perfect State, such Pawnbroker shall, in case he or she doth not shew good Cause for such Neglect or Refusal, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, forfeit any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds nor less than five Pounds, to be levied and applied in the Manner herein after mentioned.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Pawnbroker shall, from and after the Commencement of this Act, in anywise offend against this Act, every such Pawnbroker shall, for every such Offence in neglecting to make or cause to be made, in a fair and regular Manner, in such Boole or Books as aforesaid, any such Entry as is required to be made by him, her, or them by this Act, forfeit such Sum of Moneyas

Pawnbroker*! Names and Business to be placed over hi* Door, on Penalty of iol. &c.

Pawnbroker* felling Good* before limited Time, or injuring them, &c. shall make a reasonable Satisfaction ©n Penalty of xol.

Pawnbroker*

shall produce their Books when necessary.

on Penalty from xol. to

Penalties on Pawnbroker* offending against this Act.—In ne-

A.D. 1800.

460

glebing Entries not exceeding 10L and for other Offences from 40s. to leL

Limiting the Time of prosecuting by Information, 12 Months, information to be made before a Justice near the Place. Churchwardens, See. to prosecute, Sec,

t

£orm<sted Person*, &c. not tQ prosecute or inform against any Person, &c.

Act not to extend to Persons lending Money at 5l. per Cent, without further Profit.

The Act to extend to Executors, See. of Pawnbrokers.

[General Issue.]

[Double Costs.]

Inhabitants of any Place where Offences committed deemed competent Witnessfts*

Form of Conviction

C. 99. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III.

to the Justice or Justices before and by whom any Information thereon shall be heard and determined in his or their Discretion shall seem reasonable and fit* not exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds, and for every other Offence against this Act, where no Forfeiture or Penalty is provided or imposed on any particular orfpe-citie Offence against any Part of this Act, not less than forty Shillings nor more than ten rounds; and that all Forfeitures incurred by any Offence committed against this Act, shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender'pr Offenders, by Warrant undeFthe Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place where the Offence shall be committed; and the Justices shall award one Moiety of the said Penalties to the Parties complaining, and the Remainder of the aforesaid Penalty or Penalties not otherwise disposed of and applied by this Act, is to be paid and applied to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, and shall be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of such Parish or Place for that Purpose.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons using or exercising the Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker, shall be subject or liable to any Prosecution or Information before any Justice or Justices of the Peace by virtue of this Act, for any Offence or Offerees against this Act, unless Information shall be given of such Offence or Offences within twelve Calendar Months next after the Offence or Offences committed; and that all and every such Information and Informations shall be given and

Prosecuted before such Justice or Justices of the Peace as shall act as such Justice or Justices near to the lace where such Offence or Offences (1)all have been committed, unless the same shall have been commitud within the City or Liberties of London.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Paridi or Place where any Offence shall be supposed to have been committed by any Pawnbroker against this Act, or some or one of such Officers, at the Discretion or Direction of any Justices of the Peace, on having Notice from such Justice of the Peace of such Offence being supposed to have been committed, shall, and they or some or one of them, to be nominated by such Justice as aforesaid, are and is hereby required to prosecute' every Offender for every Offence so to be suggested by such Justice to have been committed against this Act, at the Expence of the respective Parish whereof they or he are, is, or shall be for the Time being such Officers or Officer.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Person who has been convicted of any Fraud, or of obtaining Money under false Pretences, or of any Felony whatsoever, shall be allowed to prosecute or informs against any Person or Persons, for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act.

XXX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Person or Persons whomsoever who shall lend Money to any Person or Persons whomsoever upon Pawn or Pledge, at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum Interest, without taking any further or greater Profit for the Loan or Forbearance of such Money lent, on any Pretence whatsoever.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions, Regulations, and Clauses contained in this present Act1, shall, from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament, extend to and include the Executor^, Administrators, and Assigns of all and every deceased Pawnbroker, in the same Manner as the same extend to and include the Pawnbroker when living, save and except that no such Executor or Administrator of any such deceased Pawnbroker shall be answerable for any Penalty or Forfeiture personally, or to be paid out of his, her, or their own Monies or Estate, unless the same shall be incurred and forfeited by his, her, or their own Act or Neglect.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued, molested, or prosecuted for any Thing by him, her, or them done or executed in pursuance of this Adf, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his, her, or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pafsfor the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants *shall have double Costs awarded to him, her, or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all Actions, Suits, Informations, Trials, and other Proceedings in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to any Matter or Thing herein contained, any Inhabitant of the Parish, Town, or Place in which any Offence or Offences shall be committed contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be admitted to give Evidence, and shall be deemed a competent Witness, notwithstanding his or her being an Inhabitant of the Parish, Town, or Place wherein any such Offence or Offences shall be supposed to have been committed.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Ju It ice or Justices before whom any Person shall becon-victed in Manner prescribed by this Act, shall cause such respective Conviction to be drawn up in the Form or to the Efte£t following; (that is to fayj,

C I BE lt rcmem^ere^9 That on this Day of in the Year of his Majesty's

1 to wit. J Reign, A.B. is convicted before of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of [or, for the Riding or Division of the said-County of or, for the City, Liberty, or Town of as tfSe CaseJhali happen to be] for and the said

do adjudge him [or, her] to pay and forfeit for the same the Sum of Given under

f the Day and Year aforesaid/

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 99, 100. 461

And the said Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be had, shall cause the same, so drawn trpin the Form or to the EtFeft aforesaid, to be fairly written upon Parchment, and transmitted to the next General or General Quarter Session of the Peace to be held for the County, Riding, Division, Cityr Town,

Liberty, or Place wherein such Conviction was had, to be filed and kept amongst the Records of the said Tobe filed. General or Quarter Session; and in case any Person or Persons so convicted shall appeal from the Judgment of the said Justice or Justices to the said General or Quarter Session, the Justices in such General or Quarter Session are horeby required, upon receiving the said Conviction drawn up in the Form or to the Efte& aforesaid, to proceed to the Hearing and Determination of the Matter of the said Appeal at such next Session, and not afterwards, according to the Directions of this Act; any Law, Custom, or Usageto the contrary notwithstanding; and no Certiorari shall be granted to remove any Conviction or other Proceedings had thereon in pursuance of this A

XXXV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person convicted of any Of- Appeal* fence or Offences punishable by this Act, shall think himself or herself aggrieved by the Judgment of the Justice or Justices before whom he or she shall have been convicted, such Person shall have Liberty to appeal to the Justices at the next General or Quarter Session of the Peace which shall be held for the County,

Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place where such Judgment shall have been given, and that the Execution of the said Judgment shall in such Case be suspended, the Person so convi^ed entering into a Recognizance at the Time of such Conviction, with two sufficient Sureties, in double the Sum which such Person shall have been adjudged to payor forfeit, upon Condition to prosecute such Appeal with Eftcdf, and ro be forthcoming to abide the Judgment and Determination of the Justices in their said next General or Quarter Session, and to pay such Costs as the said Justices in such Session shall award on such Occasion, which Recognizance the said Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be had is and are hereby empowered and required to take; and the Justices in the said General or Quarter Session fere hereby authorised and required to hear and finally determine the Matter of the said Appeal, and to award such Costs as to them shall appear just and reasonable to be paid by either Party; and if, upon the Hearing of the said Appeal, the Judgment of the Justice or Justices before whom the Appellant shall have been convicted shall be affirmed, such Appellant shall immediately pay the Sum which he or she shall have been adjudged to forfeit, together with such Costs as the Justices in the said General or Quarter Session shall award to be paid for defraying the Expences sustained by the Defendant or Defendants in such Appeal, or in Default of making such Payment, shall suffer the respective Pains and Penalties by this Ainflidted upon Persons respectively who shall neglect to pay, or shall not pay the respective Sums or Forfeitures by this Act to be paid by er imposed upon Persons respectively who shall }>e convicted by virtue of this Act.

---

[Publick Act.]

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed a Publick Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

CAP. C.

An Act to authorize his Majesty to grant Commissions to Natives of the Seven United Provinces, or of the Hereditary States of the Prince of Orange, to serve on board certain Dutch Ships of War surrendered to his Majesty's Fleet, and in Regiments in the Pay of his Majesty; and to enable any such Natives to inlist as Soldiers in such Regiments, under certain Restrictions.

[28th July 1800.]

WHEREAS his Serene Highness the Prince of Orange hath engaged to furnish to his Majesty, one Ship of sixty Guns, one Ship of forty-four Guns, one Ship of thirty-six Guns, and one Sloop of eighteen Guns, being four of the Ships or Vessels of War which surrendered to his Majesty's Fleet, under the Command of Vice-Admiral Mitchell in the Vlieter, on the thirtieth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to be employed under his Majesty's Orders, in such Manner and for such Time as hath been agreed upon between his Majesty and his Serene Highness in that Behalf: And whereas it is expedient that the Dutch Officers to be employed on board the said four Ships or Vessels, should be commissioned by his Majesty, and that such Officers and also the Crews of the said Ships, should have and be entitled to the full Benefit of all Captures made by them, in the same Manner as the Officers and Crews of his Majesty's Ships:' Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[

That it shall be lawful to and for all N^ves o^th^ such and so many Officers, being Natives of the Seven United Provinces, or of the Hereditary States of S(aven United, his Serene Highness the Prince of Orange, as shall be willing to serve his Majesty, to accept Commissions Provinces, may or Letters of Service from his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or from Persons duly authorised by his accept Com- Majesty, to grant such Commissions or Letters of Service (which said Commissions or Letters of Service, it lrom

shall be lawful for his said Majesty or any Person duly authorised in that Behalf to grant) to serve as Officers

on board the said four Dutch Ships or Vessels in the same Manner as is used in respect to Officers in his fOUr Dutch Majesty's Naval Service; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: Provided always. Ships which That no such Officer when he shall be reduced, shall be entitled to receive Half Pay; and that no such surrendered to Officer shall be liable to any Pain, Penalty, or Forfeiture whatever, for having accepted a Commission in his b,s;

Majesty's Service, by reason of his having professed the Popish Religion, and not having declared the same .0ect.?"

4, v at 3 ’ 795

462

C. 100.

Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1.800.

but no such at the Time of his accepting such Commission: any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contra rythereof SSSdSff notwithstanding.

receive Half Pay, &c.

The Officers and others on board such Ships shall be entitled to Prize Money, See.

Offences shall be ti icd, as if committed by any Person belonging; to his Majesty's Fleet. Admiralty shall cause the Articles of War (under 2* Geo. %. 0. 33.) to be printed in the Dutch Language j and the Captain of each Ship shall affix a Copy on the mod publick Place therein, and cauf-ch: same to be from Time

II. And be it further enacted, That the Officers, Seamen, Soldiers, and others on board the said four Ships or Vessels, shall have and be entitled to Prize Money, Head Money, Salvage, and all other Benefit and Advantage to accrue from Prize, in all and every the same cases, and under the same Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are or may be established for the Officers# Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers in and on board his Majesty's Ships of War, whether such Prize Money, Head Money, Salvage, or other Benefit or Advantage shall accrue from Captures made solely by the said four Ships or Vessels or any of them, or by them or any of them in Conjunction with any of his Majesty's Sea or Land Forces, or with any Private Ship of War or Letter of Marque; and that all such Captures shall be proceeded against, and in case of Condemnation, be entitled to the like Privileges, and subject to the like Rules and Regulations, and also be appraised and sold in like Manner as if they had been made by any of his Majesty's Ships; and that the Shares of Prize Money, Head Money, and Salvage shall become due and payable to the Treasurer of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, in the like Cases and under the like Circumihnces, in which Shares of Prize Money, Head Money', and Salvage become due and payable to the same, when the Captures or Recaptures have been effected by any of his Majesty's Ships of War; and that the Agents fur, Appraisements and Sales shall be subject and liable to all such Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as if they had been Agen*6 to any of his Majesty's Ships; and that all the Penalties and Forfeitures above mentioned shall be applied in like Manner as if the Subject Matter had related to the Ships, Officers or Seamen of his Majesty, or to the Captures made by any such Ships, Officers or Seamen; any Law or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Offences comnrtitted by any Officer, Seaman, or Soldier belonging to any of the said four Dutch Ships or Vessels, shall be tried and pum(hed in such Manner as the like Offences are or ought to be tried and punished, when committed by any Person belonging to his Majesty's Fleet.

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, ox the Commissioners for executing the Office of the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, shall cause the Articles of War mentioned and contained in a certain Act of Parliament, made and passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending, explaining, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Lazvs relating to the Government rf his Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea, to be transfated into the Dutch Language and printed, and a competent Number of Copies thereof to be delivered to the Captain or Commander of each of the said Dutch Ships or Vessels, which Captain or Commander, as soon as the Ship or Vessel by him commanded, P ill be put into Sea Pay, shall cause one of the said printed Copies to be hung up and affixed to the most publick Place of such Ship or Vessel, and the same to be constantly kept up and renewed, and from Time to Time read over in the Presence of the Officers and Seamen of such Ship or Vessel, in the same Manner as is used on board his Majesty's Ships.

to Time read over to the Seamen.

Number of Dutch Officers receffjry to con dilute a Court Martial.

Natives of the Seven United Provinces may accept Commissions from his Majesty to serve as Officers or Engineers,

10 fulfil the Agreement lor receiving 6cx.o Dutch Troop*

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That on every Court Martial for the Trial of any Dutch Officer, Seaman, or Soldier belonging to any of the said four Dutch Ships or Vessels, three Dutch Officers of the Rank or Denomination of a Captain or Commander belonging to the said Ships, if so many of such Officers shall then be present at the Port or Place where such Court Martial shall be held* and can attend on such Court Martial, shall fit, and in every Respect aft as Members at such Court Martial; and if so many of such Dutch Officers of Rich Rank as aforesaid, shall not be present, or cannot attend on such Court Martial, then so many (less than three) as shall be present and can attend as aforesaid, shall fit and aft as Members of such Court Martial: Provided always, That the whole Number of the Members of any such Court Martial, including such Dutch Officers as aforesaid, who shall so fit and aft, shall not, iri any Case, exeeed thirteen; and that the like Excuses shall be allowed to any of such Dutch Officers for not fitting at such Court Martial, as is allowed to Officers in his Majesty's Service; and in case no such Dutch Officer shall be present as aforesaid, or can attend on such Court Martial, then such Court Martial shall conlift of such Number of British Officers, as by the Law and Usage of the British) Navy would constituce or be entitled to fit at any Court Martial held for the Trial of any Person serving in the British Navy.

VI. And whereas an Agreement has been signed, by his Majesty's Command, between his Serene Highness the Prince Stadtholder and the Right Honourable Lord Grenville, 011c of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for receiving into his Majesty's Pay and Service a Body of Troops not exceeding six thousand Men, confiding of Natives of the Seven United Provinces, or of Subjects of the Here- ditary States of his Serene Highness the Prince of Orange as aforesaid: And whereas it is expedient toen- able his Majesty to fulfil the Terms of the said Agreement, and to make Provision for the due Regulation and Government of the said Troops ;’ be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Persons who are Natives of the Seven United Provinces, or are Subjects of the Hereditary States of his Serene Highness the Prince of Orange, as shall be willing to serve his Majesty, to enlist as Soldiers, and to accept Commissionsor Letters of Service, to serve as Officers or Engineers, from his Majesty, his Heirs and

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 100, 101. 463

Successors, or from any Persons duly authorised by his Majesty, to grant such Commissions or Letters of into ImM*-

Service, which Commissions and Letters of Service, it shall be lawful for his said Majesty, or for any JC y* emccv Person duly authorised in that Behalf as aforesaid to grant: Provided also, That no such Officer when he No such Officeiy shall be reduced, shall be entitled to receive Half Pay: Provided nevertheless, That when any such Officer when 1reduced, shall be tendered incapable of Military Service, by Wounds or Infirmities, contracted while he shall be dif- ply .*

charging his Military Duty during the Period of his continuing to serve as such Officer under the Provisions but -J rcncjcr«! of this Act; then and in such Case, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to make such Provision for such Officer incapable of as he shall think proper and necessary, so that such Provision shall in no Case exceed the Half Pay of the Service while Rank in the British Service, similar to what such Officer shall have held at the Time of becoming so inca- discharging hi# pable as aforesaid: Provided also, that no such Person as aforesaid shall be liable to any Pain, Penalty, or piy*

Forfeiture whatever, for having accepted any such Commission, or inlisted as a Soldier in any such Regi- vide for lurn, ment as aforesaid, by reason ol his having profelltd the Popish Religion, and not having declared the same at &c. the Time of his inlilting.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, in every Case His Majesty where he shall deem it necessary or expedient, to bring any such Troops as aforesaid, to any Port or Place may bung such in Great Britain for the Purpose of Rendezvous, or with a View to Operations abroad, and also to land

such Troops in any Part of Great Britain for Health or Exercise, so that there shall not be, within this for Rende*l Kingdom, more in the Whole than six thousand Men at any oneTime; any Thing herein contained to the vous, &c. contrary notwithstanding: Provided nevertheless, That such Troops (Ball not, excepting during their March from one Part of Great Britain to another, be flattened at any greater Dttlance from the Sea Coast than twenty Miles: Provided also, That such Troops shall in no Case be billetted or quartered, either during their March or other wise, but shall be encamped or Rationed in Barracks, as may be most expedient.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Officers and Soldiers aforesaid respectively shall, whilst in Officers and his Majesty’s Service as aforesaid, be subject and liable to such Articles of War as his Majesty shall think Soldiers shall be fit to establish, for the better Government of such Forces, and for bringing Offenders against the same to Articks'of1^ Justice, and for constituiing Courts Martial, with Power to try, hear, and determine any Crimes or Of- Warcttablirtied fences byr such Articles of War, and inflict Penalties by Sentence or Judgment of the same: Provided al- by his Ma-ways, That no Officer shall, by such Articles of War, be subject to any Punishment extending to Life or jetty,

Limb, for any Crime which is not expressed to be so punishable by an Act of this Session of Parliament*

(intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters,) nor for such Crimes as are expressed to be so punishable in the said Act, in any Manner, or under any Regulations which shall not accord with the Provisions of the said Act: Provided also, That every.

Person who shall be enlisted as a Soldier under the Authority of this Act, shall be attested in such Manner as his Majesty shall direct by such Articles of War, and not otherwise; and that such Officers and JSoldiers respectively shall take such Oath for their Fidelity, during their Continuance in his Majesty's Service, as his Majesty shall in like Manner direct, and no other.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be in force, and have Continuance during the Term of Continuance of? the said Agreements respectively signed by his Majesty's Commands between his Serene Highness the Prince Stadtholder and the Right Honourable Lord Grenville, and from the End thereof to the End of the ' then next Session of Parliament.

---

CAP. CI.

An Act to give further Time for the Payment, on the Conditions therein mentioned, of Instalments on certain Loans advanced to the House of Alexander Houstoun and Company, to Charles Ashwell Esquire, and to William Johnstone Esquire, being Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

[28th July 1800.]

---

"35 Geo. III. Cap. 127. 37 Geo. III. Cap. zy. and 39 Geo. III. Cap. n. and 39 & 40 Geo. III. Cap. 13.

recited. The Treasury may extend the Times for Repay ment by the Persons herein mentioned, of the Loans made to them, upon such Securities as they shall deem sufficient, and shall cause the Sufficiency of Securities to be ascertained in like Manner as the Commissioners under recited Acts aie empowered to do. §1. Sureties for Repayment of Loans at the Times limited by the recited Acts, willing to re- main so, for Repayment of Loan at the Expiration of extended Time, shall signify their Consent in such Form as the reasury may direct, which shall be binding, &c. § z. After such Consent of ori- ginal Sureties, and such further Securities as shall be required are obtained, the Treasury may allow the Parties an Extension of the Times of Repayment of such Loans, by three Instalments on Jan. 3, 1804,

4: 1803, and 1806. §3. Treasury may appoint Trustees of the Estates specified imSchcdules annexed.

Trustees shall have the Controul of the Mercantile Concerns of Alex. Houfoun and Co. &c. §4.

Estates of the Persons aforesaid vested in the Trustees for the Purposes herein specified. Nothing herein shall prejudice any Preference obtained in Scotland, on the Estates of iMeflrs. Mac Douall, &c. §5.* The giving Security under this Act, not to be deemed an Act of Bankruptcy. §6. Treasury may cause such Allowances or Annuities to be paid to any of the Persons herein mentioned, or Persons entitled to the Estates specified in the Schedule, Ac, as they think reasonable. §7. Treasury shall have the same Powers, with respect to the Persons applying for Relief, and to recovering Repayment of Loans, under this Act, as the Commissioners under recited Acts. §8. Commissioners under recited Acts indemnified w for any Thing done relative to the Estates in the Schedules, &c. §9."

---

464 C. 102 - 105. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

CAP. CII.

An Act for raising the Sum of three millions five hundred thousand Pounds by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred.

[28th July 1800.]

Treasury may raise 3,000,000l. by Loans and Exchequer Bills, [before Jan. 5, 1801.] as under the Malt Act of this Session. §1, 2. Exchequer Bills so issued not to be received again in Payment of any Taxes; nor exchanged before April 5, 1801. §3. Principal and Interest, with Charges, to be repaid out of the first Supplies to be granted in the next Session. §4. Bank of England authorised to advance the said Sum on the Credit of this Act. §5."

CAP. CIII.

An Act for raising the Sum of three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred.

[28th July 1800.]

[Under the same Terms exactly as in Cap. 102.

CAP. CIV.

An Act for raising the further Sum of three Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred.

[28th July 1800.]

[Under the same Terms as in Caps. 102, 103. only that no Time is limited before which the Sum is to be tailed.]

CAP. CV.

An Act for the better regulating the Practice, and for preventing Delays in the Proceedings of the Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster.

[28th July 1800.]

---

WHEREAS many Delays and Difficulties exist in the Practice of the Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster, in and for the County Palatine of Lancaster, by reason that the Commencement and Continuance of Suits and Proceedings in the said Court have relation to the Times of the Telle of the original Writs whereupon such Suits and Proceedings are grounded, and to the Assizes at which such Writs are returnable, and at or of which such Suits and Proceedings are inrolled or recorded, and also by reason of the Want of more frequent Days of Return of Writs of Inquiry of Damages and Scire facias, and of judicial Process, issuing out of the same Court J for Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of tthe Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants relnedively, in any personal Suit or Action, or in any Action of Trespass and Ejectment hereafter to be depending in the said Court, to declare upon, plead, and give Evidence of any Cause or causes of Action, or any Matter or Thing, Matters or Things, in Bar or Prcclufion of any such Suit or Action, or any other Matters or Things whatsoever, provided the same shall have accrued or happened, or shall hereafter accrue or happen, prior to the Day of the actual signing and issuing of the Writ of Capias ad rejpondendum, or other Process, mft actually issued forth in such personal Suit or Action, or prior to the Day of the actual serving of any Declaration or Declarations in any such Action of Trespass and Ejedment, notwithstanding such Cause or causes of Action, Matters or Things, shall or may not have accrued prior to the Teftc and Return of the original Writ or Writs whereupon or whereby such Suit or Action is or shall be, either really or by Fidioo of Law, grounded or warranted, or prior to the Assizes or Time wherein or whereof such Declaration or Declarations is or are, or shall or may be filed and recorded; and that no Advantage shall be taken by Reason of any such Cause or causes of - Action, Matters or Things as aforesaid, having accrued or being Hated to have accrued subsequent to the Telle and Return of such Original Writ or Writs, or subsequent to the Assizes or other the Time lall above mentioned, or any of them, by or upon Demand of Oyer of any original Writ, Plea in Abatement, Demurrer to any Pleading or Pleadings, Demurrer to Evidence^ Bill of Exceptions, Writ of Errqr, or any other Process or Proceedings whatsoever.

No Advantage shall be taken by reason of any Action having accrued fub>

Plaintiffs or Defendants may plead and give Evidence of any Cause of Atfion, or any Thing in Bar of any Suit, provided the same shall happen prior to the issuing of the Writ of Capias ad respondtn-d#m, &c. or prior to the Day of actual Service of any Declaration in Fjedtment $ notwithstanding the Cause of Action shall not have accrued pr or to the Tcfle and Return of the original Writ, &c. sequent to such Telle and Return, &c.

rrocefi issuing out of Court may be returnable according to the present Practice, or on any of the Return Days in Easter and Michaelmas Term?, acceding to the

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, any Writ or Writs of Inquiry of Damages, Scire facias, and any judicial or other Process whatsoever hereafter to be issued forth and out of the same Court in any Action or Suit hereafter to be depending in the said Court, (except such Process as may, according to the present Course and Practice of the said Court, be made returnable on the first Wednesday of any Month,) shall and may be awarded, made, and issued forth returnable either upon or at the several Days and Times whereupon the same may now be made returnable respectively, according te the present Course and Practice of the said Court, or returnable on any of the Return Days in Easter and Michaelmas Terms respectively, according to the Course of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas at Westminster\ and that such Writs may be proceeded upon, and Judgment entered, and Execution issued

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 105, 106. 465

thereon, tested on the Returns of such Wrirs of Inquiry, or Scire facias^ or judicial Process, in such and Court of Com. the like Manner as if the same had been made returnable at the preceding Session of Assizes of the said County wehitter Palatine. gee. mm

III. Provided always, That no final Judgment be entered, or Execution issued, within the Space of ten No final Judg-Days ne*t after the Day of the Return of any such Writ of Inquiry of Damages or Scire facias, made re- mentftulibe turnable under the Authority of this Act, exclusive of the Day of such Return and the Day of entering such Jem ion issue final Judgment, or issuing forth of such Execution. Wirhin xo dear

Days after the Day of the Return of the Writ Of Inquiry or Scire facias, &c,

IV. And Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be conftfued to debar any Party or Par- I*?/*0* ds* ties from moving in Arrest of Judgment, or bringing a Writ of Error, in the same Manner as he or they n*J7ing inarreil 'might have done before tfre making of this Act. ofju^mtm.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained distil alter* vary, or affect any, Voc^J

Proceedings in any Action already commenced, and now depending in the said Court of Common Pleas at not bc af-l*ancafler. ' f-£ted.

---

[Publick Act.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Publick Act and shall be judicially taken taken Notice of as such, by all Judges; Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. CVI.

An Act to repeal an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen; and to substitute other Provisions in lieu thereof.

[29th July 1800.]

---

WHEREAS it is expedient to explain and amend an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen \ be it therefore enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,’by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Act shall be repealed; and that aif Contracts, Covenants, and Agreements whatsoever, in Writing or not in Writing, at any Time or Times heretofore made or entered into by or between any Journeymen Manufacturers.or other Persons within this Kingdom, for obtaining an Advance of Wages of them or any of them, or any other Journeymen Manufacturers or Workmen, or other Persons in any Manufacture, Trade, or Business, or for leaning or altering the ir* or any of their usual Hours or Time of Working, or for decreasing the Quantity gf Work, (save and except any Contract made or to be made between any Master and his Journeyman or Manufacturer, for or on Account of the Work or Service of such Journeyman or Manufactureer with whom such Contract may be made,) or for preventing or hindering any Person or Persons from employing whomsoever he, she, or they shall think proper to employ in his, her, or their Manufacture, Trade, or Business, or for controlling or any Way affecting any Person or Persons carrying on any Manufacture, Trade, or Business, in the Conded or Management thereof; shall be and the same are hereby declared to be illegal, null, and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

9 Geo. j c, tti. repealed.

All Contra* heretofore entered into for obtaining An Advance of Wages, altering the usual Time of working, decreasing the Quantify of Work,&c.

(except Contracts between Matters and 1 Men) shall be illegal.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Journeyman, Workman, or other Person shall at any Time after the passing of this Act make or enter into, or be concerned in the making of or entering into any such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, in Writing or not in Writing, as is herein-before declared to be an illegal Covenant* Contract, or Agreement; and every Journeyman and Workman or other Person who, after the passing of this Act, shall be guilty of any of the said Offences, being thereof lawfully convicted, upon his own Confession, or the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any two Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place where such Offence shall be committed, (which Oath either of such Justices is hereby authorised and empowered to administer in such Case, and in all other Cases where an Oath is to be taken before any Justices of the Peace in pursuance of this Act,) within three Calendar Months next after the Offence shall have been committed, shall, by Order of such Justices, be committed to and confined in the Common Gaol within his or their Jurisdiction, for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, or at the Discretion of such Justices shall be committed to some House of Correction within the same Jurisdiction, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding two Calendar Months.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Journeyman or Workman, or other Person, who shall at any Time after the passing of this Act, enter into any Combination to obtain an Advance of Wages, or to lessen or alter the Hours or Duration of the Time of Working, or to decrease the Quantity of Work, or for any other Purpose contrary to this Act, or who shall, by giving Money, or by Persuasion, Solicitation, or Intimidation, or any other Means, wilfully and maliciously endeavour to prevent any unhired or unemployed Journeyman or Workman*, or other Person, in any Manufacture, Trade, or Business, or any other Person wanting Employment in such Manufacture, Trade, or Business, from hiring himself to any Manufacturer, or Tradesman, or Person conducting any Manufacture, Trade, or Business, or who shall, for the Purpose of obtaining an Advance of Wages, or for any other Purpose contrary to the Provisions of this

39 & 40 Geo. III. 3 0 Ad,

Every Workman, after parting this Act, who shall be guilty of any such Offence, shall be committed ty the ComincA Gaol for not more than three Months, or the House of Correction, for not more tlwm two $ on Conviction before two Justices; r.s also any Workman entering into any Combination for advancing Wages, &c. or who shall wilfully and maliciously endeavour to prevent any Workman from hiring

466 C. 106. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

himself, or pre- Act, wilfully and maliciously decoy, persuade, solicit, intimidate, influence, or prevail, or attempt or en-h" e"1 to ^eavour to prevail, on any Journeyman or Workman or other Person hired or employed, or to be hired or ploy, or Who employed in any such Manufacture, Trade, or Business, to quit or leave his Work, Service, or Employ-Shall hinder any ment, or who shall wilfully and maliciously hinder or prevent any Manufacturer.or Tradesman, or other Nfafter from Person, from employing in his or her Manufiadlure, Trade, or Business, such Journeyman, Workmen, and employing any other Perfoqs as he or she shall think proper, or who, being hired or employed shall, without any just or ^t^Vonabie1 reafoiwble Cause, refuse to work with any other Journeyman or Workman employed or hired to work therein, cause* ihan re- an<^ w lawfully convicted of any of the said Offences, upon his own Confession, or the Oath or

fufc to work Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any two Justices of the Peace for the County, with any other Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where such Offence shall be committed, within three Workman $ Calendar Months next after the Offence shall have been committed, shall, by Order of such Justices be committed to and be confined in the Common Gaol within his or their Jurisdiction, for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Month?; or otherwise be committed to some House of Correction, within the same Jurisdiction, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding two Calendar ' Months.

S? aI<u "aTT*

IV. And for the more effectual Suppression of all Combinations amongst Journeymen, Workmen, and attciw arw c ot^er Persons employed in any Manufacture, Trade or Business/ be it further enacted, That all and Meeting for tba every Persons and Person whomsoever, (whether employed in any such Manufacture Trade, or Business# Purpose of or notj who shall attend any Meeting had or held for the Purpose of making or entering into any Coa

making any tract, Covenant, or Agreement, by this Act declared to be illegal, or of entering into, Supporting, main-

Owtr a5*1 lining, continuing, or carrying on any Combination for any Purpose by this Act declared to be illegal, or

whoSalJ turn- who shall summons, give Notice to, call upon, persuade, entice, foltcit, or by Intimidation, or any other

mon or by in- Means, endeavour to induce any Journeyman, Workman, or other Person employed in any Manufac-timidation, fee. ture. Trade, or Business, to attend any such Meeting, or who shall collect, demand, ask, or receive any endeavour to Sum of Money from any such Journeyman, Workman, or other Person for any of the Purposes aforesaid, induce any or who shall persuade, entice, (elicit, or by Intimidation, or any other Means, endeavour to induce any it^nd *nyfuS» such Journeyman, Workman, or other Person to enter into or be concerned in any such Combination# Meeting, or or who shall pay any sum of Money, or make or enter into any Subscription or Contribution, for or to-who mi l col- wards the Support or Encouragement of any such illegal Meeting or Combination, and who shall be law-lea any Money, fully convicted of any of the said Offences, upon his own Confession, or the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any two Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place where such Offence shall be committed, within three Calendar Months next after the Offence shall have been committed, shall, by Order of such Justices, be committed to and confined in the Common Gaol within his or their Jurisdiction, for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months; or otherwise be committed to some House of Correction within the same Jurisdiction, there to remain and be kept to bard Labour for any Time not exceeding two Calendar-Months.

Ko Person V. A fid be it further enacted, That no Person (whether employed as a Journeyman or Workman iiv

contribute for any Manufacture, Trade, or Business, or not) shall at any Time after the jpafling of this Act wilfully pay* In'y EXdfer2t4 £*vc ?n^ ^um Money, as a Subscription or Contribution for the Purpose of paying Expences incurred

Jigcontfiry c# or to be incurred by any Person or Persons acting contrary to the Provisions of this Act, by Payment of Money, this a«, or gr other Means, support or maintain any Journeyman, Workman, or other Person, or contribute towards his. tewand* the Support or Maintenance, for the Purpose of inducing him to refuse to work, or to be hired or employed. Support of any in any Manufacture, Trade, or Business; and every Person who shall be guilty of any such Offence lnall Person n in- forfeit and lose any Aim not exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds; and every Journeyman, Workman, and to work?on other who shall collect or receive any Money or valuable Thing for any of the Purposes aforesaid,

Faculty noc ex- shall forfeit and lose any Sum not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds;, such Penalties of ten Pounds and five ccttfcngiol and Pounds respectively to be*forfeited, on<; Moiety to his Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Informer and an> person cok. Poor of the Parifo where such Offence has been committed, to- be equally divided between them; and alL 1 Money, and every of the said Offences shall be heard and determined in a summary. Wayvbefiwre two Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where such Offence shall be com-tatTnot e*«. - mitted, and the Conviction for the same may be had and made upon the Oath or Oaths o£one of more credible

ccrdrnp 5l. one- Witness or Witnesses; and the Amount of the Forfeiture or Penalty for every such Offence shall be fixed Moiety to hi*, --and determined by such Justices, but not exceeding, the several Sums herein-before mentioned; and in case ' an y Arch Forfeiture or Penalty foal I not be forthwith paid pursuant to such Conviction, such Justices shall, Informer and by Warrant under their Hands, cause the lame to be levied by. Dirt refs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods the Poor of the and Chattels, together with all Costs^and Charts attending Such Di ft refs and Sale-: and in case no fuflScient PiriflL Disttefs can-be had, such Justices shall, by Warrant under their Hands, commit the: Offender to the Com*

Offences fall nion Gaol within his or their Jurisdiction,' there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, ^or any Time not

b. f'etermired exceeding three Calendar Months nor Ids than, two Calendar Months;or otherwise, at the Discretion of

in a summary Arch Justices, to some House of Correction within their Jurisdiction, there to remain and be kept to hard. La-twoju'?3ccs ^our ^or a,y Time not exceeding two Calendar Months.

who Utah fix thr Panlty, and if not paid, ihaUcaufc.it to be levied by Distress, or im Default thereof shall commk the O/ftnder to the Common Gaol or House oi Co:r«.&on.

Contribur ns

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money which at any Time heretofore*have been paid or aire »dy mrde given as a Subscription or Contribution fof or towards any of the Purposes prohibited by this Act, and shall,

bun Purport, for the Space of tfuee Calendar Months*next after the paffmgof this Act, remain undivided in the Hands

and not divided

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 106. 467

of any Treasurer, Collector, Receiver, Trustee, Agents or other Person, or placed out at Interest, and all Sums of Money which shall at any Time after the passing of this Act, be paid or given as a Subscription or Contribution for or towards any of the Purposes prohibited by this Act, shall be forfeited, one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, and the other Moiety to such Person as will sue for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster \ and any Treasurer, Collector, Receiver, Trustee, Agent, or other Person in whose Hands or in whole Name any such Sum of Money shall be, or shall be placed out, or unto whom the same shall have been paid or given, shall and may be sued for the same as forfeited as aforesaid.

Majesty, and the other to the Person who shall for three Month* aftif passing this Act, shall bf forfeited, as also all future Contribution* for the like* Purposes, one Moiety to hia fuc for the same.

VII. And, for the better Discovery of all Sums of Money which have been or shall be paid or given by way of Subscription or Contribution for any Purpose prohibited by this Act/ be it further enacted, That all and every the Persons and Person who shall or may be liable virtue of this Act to be sued for the same, shall be obliged and compellable to answer upon Oath to any Information which shall or may be preferred against them or him in any Court of Equity, by or in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General on the Part of his Majesty, or at the Relation of any Informer, for discovering the Sum and Sum of Money so paid or given for any of the prohibited Purposes aforesaid, and such Court shall and may make such Orders and Decrees therein as to such Court shall seem just, and no Person shall demur to or refuse to answer such Information by reason of any Penalty or Forfeiture to which such Person may be liable in consequence of any Discovery which may be fought thereby.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That upon Payment, into the Court in which such Information shall be filed, of all the Money paid, or given unto any such Treasurer, Collector, Receiver, Trustee, Agent, or other Person for any of the prohibited Purposes aforesaid, and remaining in his Handset the Time of filing such Informations* and upon making a foil Discovery of all the Securities in or upon which all such Money which shall not be so remaining in his Hands shall have been placed cut or inventd,

- the Person or Persons paying such Money into Court and making such Discovery shall be acquitted and discharged from all Forfeitures and Penalties which shall or may have been incurred by*him or them by reason of having collected or received such Money, or otherwise acted concerning the same, and from all Actions and other Suits respecting the same by any Person or Persons whomsoever, any Statute, Law, or Usage or any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstand fog; nor shall any Person be liable to any Forfeiture or Penalty or to any Prosecution whatsoever, for or imrespect of any Sum of Money which such Person shall discover t6 have been paid, received; or given by any Answer to any such Information as aforesaid.

discharged from Penalty. No Person liable to Penalty for Money discovered by any Answer

Perfom liable to be sued for Contribution: Money, shall be obliged to answer on Oath to any lnfom>a« tion preferred against them.

Upon Payment into Court of the Money remaining in the Hands of any Person at the Time of filing Information and making Discovery the Securities upon which other Monies shall have been placed, the Party shall be to an Information.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person who shall or may offend against efienders may this Act, shall and may, equally with all other Persons, be called upon and compelled to give his or her be compelled ta Testimony and Evidence, as a Witness or Witnesses on Behalf of his Majesty, or of the Prosecutor or Informer, upon any Information to be made or exhibited under this Act against any other Person or Persons, not being such Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid; and that in all such cases, every Person having given his Prosecution, for or her Testimony or Evidence as aforesaid, shall be and hereby is indemnified of, from, and against any In- any offence re-formaton to be laid, or Prosecution to be commenced against him or her for having offended in the ktive to which Matter wherein or relative to which he, she, or they shall have given Testimony or Evidence as afore- thwX Eive said.

X. And for the more effectually enforcing and carrying into Execution the Provisions of this Act/ be Justice ip*y it further enacted, That on Complaint and Information on Oath before any one or more Justice or Justices of-

eff the Peace, of any Offence having been committed against this Act within his or their respective Jurisdictions, such Justice or Justices are hereby authorised and required to summon the Person or Persons paring, crYn charged with being an Offender or Offenders against this Act, to appear before any two such Justices, at a the first in-certain Time or Place to be specified, and if any Person or Persons so summoned shall not appear according fbmee, may if-to such Summons, then such Justices (Proof on Oath having been first made before them or him of Warrants

the due Service of such Summons upon such Person or Persons. by delivering the same to him or them personalfy, or leaving the same at his or their usual Place of Abode, provided the same shall be so left twenty ther appearing* four Hours at the least before the Time which shall be appointed to attend the said Justices upon such Sum- or on Proof of mens) shall make and issue their or his Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Person or Persons so their absconding summoned and not appearing as aforesaid, and bringing him or them before such Justices, or it shall be law- or

ful for such Justices, if they shall think fit, without issuing any previous Summons, and instead of issuing pJSJj, the same, upon such Complaint and Information on Oath as aforesaid, to make and issue their Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Person or Persons by such Information charged to have offended against this Act, and bringing him or them before such Justices; and upon the Person or Persons complained against shearing upon such Summons, or being brought by virtue of such Warrant or Warrants before such Juf*

tices, or upon Proof on Oath of such Prison or Persons absconding, so that such Warrant or Wan-ants cannot be executed, then such Justices shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, forthwith to make Enquiry touching the Matters complained of, and to examine into the same, by the Oath or Oaths of any credible Persons, as shall be requisite, and to hear and determine the Matter of every such Complaint, and upon Confoffion by the Patty, or Proof by one or more credible Witness or Witnesses,

upon Oath, to convict or acquit the Party or Parties against whom Complaint shall have been made as aforesaid.

.468 C. 106. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Justices may summon Witnesses, and fcr Non-appearance or Refusal to give Evidence, maf, Commit them*

Convictions and Commitments to be drawn up in the Form in the first Schedule.

Convictions to be transmitted to the next General or Quarter Sessions to be filed, and if Appeal be made the Justices FhaJI then proceed to hear it.

Act not to abridge Powers now given by Law to Justices touching Combinations of Manufacturers> *c.j

nor to empower Manufacturers to employ Workmen contrary to the Provisions now in force for regulating the Conduct of any particular Maniffailure, without Licence from a Justice, who is empowered to grant the lame in case of the Misconduct of

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace before whom any such Complaint and Information shall be made as aforesaid, and they are hereby authorised and required, at the P^equest in Writing of any of the Parties, to issue his or their Summons to any Witness or Witnesses to appear and give Evidence before such Justices at the Time and Place appointed for hearing and determining such Complaint, and which Time and Place shall be specified in such Summons; and if any Person or Persons so summoned to appear as a Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid, shall not appear before such Justices at the Time and Place specified in such Summons, or offer some reasonable Excuse for the Default, or appearing according to such Summons, shall not submit to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, and give his or their Evidence before such Justices touching the Matter of such Complaint, then and in every such Cate if shall be lawful for such Justices, and they are hereby authorised, (Proof on Oath irt the Case of any Person not appearing according to such Summons having been first made before-fu^h Justice or Justices of the due Service of such Summons on every such Person, by delivering the same to nim or her, or by leaving the same twenty four Hours before the Time appointed for such Person to appear before such Justices, at the usual Place of Abode of such Person,) by Warrant under the Hands of such Justices^ to commit such Person or Persons so making Default in appearing, or appearing and refusing to give Evidence, to foine Prison within the Jurisdiction of such Justices, there to remain without Bail of Mainprize, until such Person or Persons shall submit himself, her (elf, or themselves to be examined, and give his, her, or their Evidence before such Justices as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Justices before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, or by whom any Person shall be committed to Prison for not appearing as a Witness, or not submitting to be examined, shall cause all such Convictions, and the Warrants or Orders for such Commitment to be drawn up in the Form, or to the Effect set forth in the first Schedule to this AdE

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Justices before whom any such Conviction shall be had, shall cause the same (drawn up in the Form or to the Effect herein-before directed) to be fairly written on Parchment, and transmitted to the next General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be hdden for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place wherein such Conviction was had, to be filed and kept amongst the Records of the said General Sessions*, or General Quarter Sessions; and incaft any Person or Persons shall appeal, in Manner herein after mentioned, from the Judgment of the said Tuf-tices to the said General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions, the Justices in such General Sessions, or General Quartet*Sessions, are hereby required, upon receiving such Conviction, to proceed to the Hearing and Extermination of the Matter of the said Appeal, according to the Directions of this AdE

XIV. Provided always and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, take away, or abridge the Powers and Authorities given to any Justice or Justices of the Peace in and by any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore made and now in force touching any Combinations of Manufacturers, Journeymen, or Workmen, or for settling and adjusting Disputes or Differences between Matters and their Journeymen,- Workmen, or other Persons employed by them in any Manufacture, Trade, or Business, or the Rate or Amount of Wages to be paid to such Journeymen, Workmen, or other Persons, or the Mode or Time of their working or being employed, or the Quantity of Work to be done, or touching anyr Matter whatsoever also provided for by this Act; but that all Justices of the Peace shall continue to use, exercise, and execute all the Powers and Authorities given to them in and by such Act of Parliament, or any of them, in such and the same Manner as they could or might have done if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XV. Provided always, That this Act shall not extend to authorize or empower any Person or Persons carrying on any Manufacture, Trade, or Business, to employ therein any Journeyman or Workman contrary to the Regulations and Provisions contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament which hath or have been heretofore made, and is and are now in force, for settling, regulating, or directing the Manner or Method of conducting, managing, or carrying on any particular Manufacture, Trade, or Business, or the Work or Service of the Persons employed therein, without the previous Licence and Consent in Writing of one Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place in which such Manufacture, Trade, or Business shall be carried on, expressing the Cause or Reason of giving or granting the same; which Licence it shall be lawful for one such Justice to grant whenever the qualified Journeymen or Workmen usually employed in any Manufacture, Trade, or Business, shall refuse to work therein for reasonable Wages, or to work for any particular Person or Persons, or to work with any particular Ptrfoils, or shall, by refusing to work for any Cause whatsoever, or by misconducting themselves when employed to work, in any Manner impede or obstruct the ordinary Course of any Manufacture, Trade, or Business, or endeavour to injure the Person or Persons carrying on the same.

qualified Workmen.

No Matter in

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Justice of the Peace,' the Trade in being also a Matter in the particular Trade or Manufacture in or concerning which any Offence is charged frnceU charged *° have keen fitted under this Act, shall act as such Justice under this Act j any Thing herein con-tohave been tained, or any former Statute, Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. committed, dull alias justice under this Act.

All Contracts between Masters tr other Persons, for re-

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Contracts, Covenants, and Agreements whatsoever, ii\ Writing or not in Writing, made or to be made by or between any Matters or other Persons, for reducing the Wages of Workmen, or for adding to or altering the usual Hours or Time of

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 106.

working, or for increasing the Quantity of Work, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be illegal, null, and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all and every such Masters, being thereof lawfully convicted by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any two Jnf-ttces of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where such Offence shall have been committed, within tbitre Calendar Months next after the Offence shall have been committed, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds, one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, and the other Moiety in equal Shares to the Informer and the Poor of the Pariflh where such Offence has been committed; and in case any such Forfeiture or Penalty shall not be forthwith paid pursuant to such Conviction, such Justices shall, by Warrant under thetr Hands* cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and in case no sufficient Distress can be had, such Justices shall, by Warrant under their Hands, commit the Offender to the Common Gaol; or some House of Correction within their Jurisdiction, for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months nor less than two Calendar Months.

469

Disputes between Matters and Workmen* may be settled by Arbitration*

XVIII. And whereas it will be a great Convenience and Advantage to Masters and Workmen engaged in Manufactures, that a cheap and summary Mode be established for settling all Disputes that may arise between them respecting Wages and Work;* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of August in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred* in all Cases that shall or may arile within that Part of Great Britain called England, where the Matters and Workmen cannot agree respecting the Price or Prices to be paid for Work actually done in any Manufacture-, or any Injury or Damage done, or alleged to have been done by the Workmen to the Work, or respecting any Delayer supposed Delay, on the Part of the Workmen in finishing thoWork or the not finishing such Work-in a good and workmanlike Manner, or according to any Contrail; and in all Cases of Dispute or Difference touching any Contrail or Agreement for Work or Wages between Masters and Workman in any Trade or Manufacture, which cannot be otherwise mutually abutted and settled by and between them, it shall and may be, and it is hereby declared to be lawful, for such Matters and Workmen, between whom’ such Difp'-te or Difference shall arise as aforesaid, or either of them, to demand and havea^Arbitration or Reference of such Matter or Matters in Dispute, and each of them ifrllereby authorised and empowered forthwith > to nominate and appoint an Arbitrator for and on his respective Part and Behalf, to arbitrate and determine such'

Matter or Matters in Dispute as aforesaid, by Writing* subscribed by him in the Presence of and attested by one Witness, in the Form expressed in the second Schedule to this Act, and to deliver the same personally to* the other Party, or to leave the same for him at his usual Place of Abode, and to require the other Party to* name an Arbitrator in like Manner within two Days after such Reference to Arbitration shall have been so demanded; and such Arbitrator so appointed as aforesaid, after they shall have accepted and taken upon them"

the Business of the said Arbitration, are hereby authorised and required to summon before them, and examine upon Oath the Parties and their Witnesses, (which Oath the said Arbitrators are hereby authorised and required to administer according to the Form set forth in the second Schedule to this Act,) and forthwith to proceed ’ to hear and determine the Complaints of the Parties, 3nd the Matter or Matters in Dispute between* them; and the Award to be made by such Arbitrators within the Time herein after limited shall in all Cases be final and conclusive between the Parties; but in case such Arbitrators so appointed shall not agree to decide such Matter or Matters in Dispute so to be referred to them as aforesaid, and shall not make and' sign the'rr Award within the Space of three Days after the signing of the Submission to their Award by both Parties, that then it shall be lawful for the Parties, or either of them, to require such Arbitrators forthwith. Days aftpr^uh-and without Delay to go before and attend upon one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and miirlon to their

for the County, Riding, City, Liberty, Division, or Place where such Dispute shall happen and be referred,*

and date to such Justice the Points in Difference between them the said Arbitrators, which Points in Difference the said Justice shall and is hereby authorised and required to hear and determine, and for that Purpose to examine the Parties and their Witnesses upon Oath, if he shall think fit; whith Determination of such Justice shall be made and signed within the Space of three Days after the Expiration of the Time hereby allowed the Arbitrators to make and sign their Award, and dial] be final and conclusive between the Parties so differing as aforesaid; and if either of the said Parties, or their respective Witnesses, having been duly summoned, shall neglect or refuse to attend such Arbitrator*at the Time and Place by them for that Purpose appointed, it shall and may be lawful for any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County, Riding, City, Liberty, Division, Township, or Place where such Dispute shall happen, and he or they are hereby required, upon Proof on Oath being made before him or them of the Service of such Summons personally^ and also upon the like Proof of the Neglect or Refusal of such Person to attend the said Arbitrators in pursuance of such Summons, (unlefe a reasonable Excuse be made for such Non-attendance to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices,) to issue his or their Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands for the apprehending and bringing such Person before him or them, and if any such Person so being brought before such Justice or Justices shall still refuse to be examined, or to give his or their Testimony before such Arbitrators touching the Premises, such Person forefufing shall be by the said Justice or Justices committed to the House of Correction within his or their Jurisdiction; there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he or she shall submit to be examined before the Arbitrators touching the Premises aforesaid, or until the Time for making an Award by such Arbitrators shall be expired.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Parties who shall have signed any Submission to Arbitration shall think it expedient, or be minded and desirous to extend the Time hereby limited for the making of the Award or Umpirage, it shall and may be lawful for them to extend the same accordingly,

If Arbitrators shall not decide the Matter

Award, either Party may require them to go before, and' ttate to a Justice the Points in Difference, who shall finally determine the same.

Persons summoned, neglecting to attend the Arbitrators, or refusing to be examined, may be com-committed by a Justice;

but the Parties may extend the Tune limited for making Award#

470 C. 106. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

The Submission to Arbitration and the Award, may be on un« stamptd Paper, in the Form in ti

Each Party to have a Copy of tin; Submission.

It an Arbitration tyc demanded, and the Mjb-niflion fipned and an Arbitfi* for named by cither Party, and tho other shall. refuse to sign the §ubmission‘ and appoint his Arbitrator, he shall, on Conviction, forfeit »iol. one Moiety to his Majesty and the other to the Poor of the Panlh, winch may he levied by Pi lire fs, or in Default, the Offender may be committed for three Months, xx not let's than two.

If either Party shall not perform what is di-- reded by the Award, he may be committed till Performance, h. appoint Periods t

Appeal may be made to tire General Sessions, or General Quarter St (Rons whose Decifioft shall be finals

Act not to repeal recited Act a* to any Offence committed, or any Penalty^in-

by Indorsement on the Back of such Submission, to be signed by both’of them in the Presence of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses j any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Submission to such Arbitration, and the Award or Umpirage to be made thereon, shall and may be drawn up, and written at the Foot of such Submission, upon unstamped Papei^ in the respective Forms or to the Effect set forth in the second Schedule to this Act; any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

lie second Schedule.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That there shall, in all cases, be written or engrossed two Parts of the Submission to Arbitration, one for each of the Parties subscribing the same.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Case of Dispute or Difference between any such Mailers and Workmen in such Trade or Manufacture as aforesaid, if an Arbitration shall be demanded, and the Submission thereto signed, and an Arbitrator therein named by either of the said Parties, and the othet* or others of them shall refuse or neglect to sign the said Submission, and appoint his or their Arbitrator within the Time herein-before limited for that Purpose, the Party or Parties so neglecting, or refuting to sign the said Submission, or to appoint his or their Arbitrator as aforesaid, shall each and every of them, if more than one, on Conviction of every such Offence before two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, or Place where such Offence shall have been committed, forfeit and lose the Sum of ten Pounds, one Moiety to his Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish wherein such Offence shall be committed; and in case any such Forfeiture or Penalty shall not be forthwith paid pursuant to such Conviction, such Justices shall, by Warrant under their Hands, cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and in case no sufficient Distress can be had, such Justices shall, by Warrant under their Hands commit the Offenders to the Common Gaol, or some House of Correction, within his or their Jurisdiction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than two Calendar Months; and if either Party shall refuse to do and perform wharby any such Award or Umpirage he shall be directed to do and perform, and shall be thereof convicted before two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place where such Offence shall be committed, it shall be lawful for such justices , by Warrant under their Hands, to commit the Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol or House of Correction within his or their Jurisdiction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he hall fully perform such Award or Umpirage: Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained (tell extend to make any Person guilty of any Offence in not attending at more than one Arbitration at the same Time, or more than two Arbitrations in one Day; and that it shall be lawful, in all cases, for any Master who shall not be actually resident at the Time at any Place where his Trade or Manufacture shall be carried on, to authorize any Person to act for him, in signing Sub millions to Arbitration, and attending Arbitrates or Justices touching the Matter of any Arbitration.

Fo Person guilty in not attending at more than one Arbitration at a Time, or more than two in one Day. Non-resident Mailers may o act for them.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person convicted of any Offence or Offences *Punishable by this Act, shall think himself or herself aggrieved by the Judgment of such Justice or Justices before whom he or she shall have been convicted, such Person shall have Liberty to appeal from every such Convictioncothe next Court of General Sessions, or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, which (tell be held for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place wherein such Offence was committed j and that the Execution of every Judgment so appealed from shall be suspended in case the Person so convicted shall immediately enter into Recognizance before such Justices, (which they are hereby authorised and required to take,) himself in the Penalty of ten Pounds, with two sufficient Sureties in the Penalty of five Pounds each, of lawful Money of Great Britain, upon Condition to prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and to be forthcoming to abide the Judgment and Determination of the said next General Sessions, or General Quarter Seflidhs, and to pay such Costs as the said Court shall award on such Occasion; and the Justices in the said next Court of General Sessions, or General Quarter Sessions, are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Appeal, and to award such Costs as to them shall appear just and reasonable to be paid by either Party, which Decision shall be final and if, upon hearing the said Appeal, the Judgment of the Justice or Justices before whom the Appellant shall have been convicted shall be affirmed, such Appellant shall forthwith pay the Forfeiture or Penalty (if any) mentioned in such Conviction, and the Costs awarded to be paid by such Appellant; and in Default of Payment thereof, or in case such Conviction shall contain a Judgment of Imprisonment, such Appellant shall immediately be committed by the said Court to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, according to such Conviction, and for the Space of Time therein mentioned, without Bail or Mainprise, and also until the Payment of such Costs as shall be awarded by the same Court to be paid by such Appellant.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed, deemed, or taken to extend, to repeal the said recited Act, as to any Offence committed, or any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred, or any Act, Matter, or Thing done or happened before the passing of this Act$ but that the said recited Act shall, as to every such Offence, Penalty, Forfeiture, Act, Matter, and Thing, be and remain in full Force and Effect, notwithstanding any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary;

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 106. 471

and every such Offence shall and may be prosecuted and punished, and every such Penalty and Forfeiture curred before shall and may be awarded, levied, and recovered, and all Proceedings touching any such Offence, Penalty,

Forfeiture, A£h Matter, and Thing, shall and may be had under and by virtue of the said recited Act, to A all Intents and Purposes, in such and the same Manner, and with the like Force and Effect after the passing of this Act, as if the said recited Act had remained wholly unrepealed, and in full Force and Effect, and as if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Limitation of Person or Persons, for any Thing by him, her, or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or for tbr#fL

any Cause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Ca- M011"11* lendar Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and shall be laid in the proper County, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, jCcnwil Issue, or, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecutiorvor Judgment shall be given against him, her, 'or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have full Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs. Ooft*.

FIRST SCHEDULE to which this A prefer*

FORM of CONVICTION and COMMITMENT.

it remembered. That on the, Day of - in the Year of his Majesty's Reign

and in the Year of our Lord A.B. is oonviSed before us [naming the Justices] two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County [or, Riding, Division, City, Lifcrty; Town, or Place Jr of of having [/fating the Offence]' contrary to the Statute made in the thirty ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act [here /et forth the Title of the Act], and we, the said' Justices, do hereby order and adjudge the said A.B. for the said Offence to be committed to and confined in the Common Gaol for the said County [or. Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place] for the Space of [or, to be committed to the House of Correction at within the (kid County,

(or Riding, Division, City, Ltberty^Town, or Place) there to be kept to hard Labour for the Space of } v

Given under our Hands the Day and Year above written, {

FORM of CONVICTION in a PECUNIARY PENALTY.

JJE It remembered. That on [pursuing the same Form as far as the Title of this Act], and we, the said Justices, do hereby adjudge and determine the fai&A.B. for the said Offence to forfeit and lose the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, and do order the same to be forthwith paid by him [or, herj< into our Hands, for the Use of his Majesty.

Given*under [as before]*.

FORM of COMMITMENT of a Person summoned as a WITNESS.

WHEREAS C D. hath been duly summoned to appear and give Evidence before us [naming the yu/ficer* who issued the Summons], two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County [or. Riding, DivKioni City, Liberty, Town, or Place} of on this Day of

at being the Time and Place appointed for hearing and determining.-the Complaint made on the Oath of [the Informer or Prosecutor] before us, against yf. B. of having [fating the Offence as laid in the lrformation] contrary to the Statute made in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act [here insert the Title of the Act]: And whereas the said C.D. hath not appeared before us at the Time and Place aforesaid specified for that Purpose, or offered any reasonable Excule for his [or her] Default, [or. And whereas the said C. having appeared before us at the Time and Place aforesaid specified for that Purposephath not submitted to be examined as.a Witness, and give his [or her] Evidence before us, touching the Matter of the Taid Complaint, but hath refused so to do].: Therefore we the said Justices do hereby, in pursuance of the said Statute, commit the said C.D.'to the [describing the Prison], there' to remain, without Bailor Mainprize for his [or her}; Contempt aforesaid, until he [fr (he], shall submit himself [or herself] to be examined and give his [or herEvidence before us, touching the Matter of the said Complaint, or shall otherwise be discharged by due Course of Law and you the [Constable* or other Peace Officer or Officers to whom the Warrant is directed] are hereby authorised and required to take into your Custody the Body of the said C.D. and him [or her J safely to convey to the said Prison, and him [or her] there to deliver to the Gaoler or Keeper thereof who is hereby authorised and required to receive into his Custody the Body of the said C.D. and him [or her] safely to detain and keep, pursuant to this Commitment. Given under our Hands this Day of in the Year of our Lord.

[This Commitment to be directed to the proper Peace Officer^, and the Gaoler or Keeper of the Prison.].

A.D. 1800. C. 106. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III.

SECOND SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

FORM of the OATH to be administered by the Arbitrators to the Parties and Witnesses under this Act.

rrHE Evidence that youflnl! give before us the* Arbitrators appointed by A.B. and C.D. (the Parti a

the Stilmijfton), to determine the Matters in Difference between them, under and by virtue of an Act, '

passed in the fortieth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act, (jiate the Tide of the Act)* dial I be the Truth, the whole Truth, and noihing but the Truth. ‘

So help you GOD. '

FORM of the SUBMISSION to ARBITRATION, and of the Award to be made in pursuance of > this Act.

T A. B of, &rV. (set forth the Name, Reftdcner, and Description of the Putty), do hereby nominate and appoint C D. of,(Ac. an Arbitrator under and by virtue of an Act passed in the fortieth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act, (set forth the Title of the Act), to hear and determine the Matters in Difference between me and E. F. of, &c.

I E. F'. of, &c. do appoint (?. H. oL &c. to be an Arbitrator under the said Act for the Purposes aforesaid.

FORM of the AWARD or UMPIRAGE to be made by the Arbitrators or Umpire, and to be written ‘

at the Foot of the Submission. "

WE,/. K. and L. M. of, &c. the Arbitrators above named, \or I N. O. the Justice, as the Case may I

be]y do hereby adjudge and determine thai, C5 c. (here set forth the Determination to vjhich the ArbiUA-tors or Justice, as the Case may he, shallfubferihe their Names).

Witness,

FORM of CONVICTION in a PECUNIARY PENALTY.

gE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of the Reign of and

in the Year of our Lord A.B. is convicted before us {naming the Justices), two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, (or, Riding, City, Liberty, Division, or Place) of for that the said A.B. (ft ate the Offence, as for neglecting to sign the SuhmifJtoK, or refitfing to submitto the

Award within the Time limited\ as the Case may be), contrary to the Statute made in the fortieth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act, (here Jet forth the Title of the Aci), and we the said Justices do hereby adjudge and determine the said A.B. for the said Offence, to forfeit and lose the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, and do order the same to be forthwith paid by him, (her, or them, as the Case may be,) C. Dm

FORM of COMMITMENT of a Person summoned as a Witness before the Arbitrators.

WHEREAS Proof on Oath hath been made before us (naming the Justices sinning the Commitment) two of his Majesty\ Justices of the Peace for the County (or Riding, City, Liberty, Division, or Place) of on this Day of That A.B. hath been

duly summoned, and hath neglected to appear and give Evidence before C.D. and E.F. the Arbitrators appointed by and between G.H. and /. A. to determine the Matters tn Dispute between them at in the County, (or, Riding, City, Liberty, Division, or Place) of on the

Day of under and by virtue of an Act, made in the fortieth Year of the Reign of King George the

Third, intituled, An Act (here Jet forth the Title of the Act)\ and the said A.B. being required by us* the said Justices, to give Evidence before the said Arbitrators, and still refusing so to do, therefore we the said Justices do hereby, in -pursuance of the said Act, commit he said A.B. to the (describing the Prison, or the House of Correction) there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for his (or her) Offence aforesaid, until he (or (be) shall submit himself Or herself) to be examined, and give his (^rher) Evidence before the said Arbitrators, touching the Matters referred to them as aforesaid, or shall other wise be discharged by due Course of Law. And you the (Constable or other Peace Officer or Officers to whom the Warrant is directed) are hereby authorised and required to take into your Custody the Body of the said j

A.B. and him (or her) safely to convey to the said Prison (or House of Correction) and him (or her) there I

to deliver to the Gaoler (or Keeper) thereof, who is hereby authorised and required to receive into hi^ Custody the Body of the said A.B. and him (or her) safely to detain and keep pursuant to this Com-, ipitment.

Given under our Hands this Day of in the Year of our Lord -

---

This Commitment to be directed to the proper Peace Officer and the Gaoler (or Keeper) of the Prison (or House of Correction),

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 107, 108. 473

CAP. CVII.

An Act to permit, until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Importation of Swedish Herrings into Great Britain

[29th July 1800.]

WHEREAS it is expedient under the present Circumstances to permit, for a limited Time, the Importation of Swedish Herrings into Great Britain in British Ships, or in Ships belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any Manner whatever, without Payment of Duty; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[From

That, from and after the first Day of May one thousand eight hundred, and until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatever, to import into Great Britain from any Port or Place

\n Sweden in any British Ship or Vessel, or in arry other Ship or Vessel belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any Manner whatever, any Herrings caught and cured on any of the Coasts of Sweden, without the Payment of any Duty whatever; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

From May r, 1800, until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session, Herrings caught on the Coarts of, Sweden maybe imported without Payment of Duty,

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That a due Entry shall be made of all such Herrings that shall be imported by virtue of this Act, with the proper Officers of the Customs at the Port into which the same shall be imported, and in Default thereof the same shall, be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs. ‘

Such Herrings shall be duly entered at the Port of Importation, on Forfeiture thereof.

---

[Swedish Herrings not to be exported to the British West Indies.]

III. Provided always, That it shall not be lawful to export Swedish Herrings to any of his Majesty's Colonies in the West Indies.

CAP. CVIII.

An Act for indemnifying the Governor of Surinam, or the Person acting as such, for having permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms; and for making void all Seizures of Ships, Vessels, or Goods, for any Thing done in pursuance of such Permission.

[29th July 1800.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second,

[12 Car. 2. c. 18.]

---

intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, and by other Acts of Parliament now in force, no Goods or Commodities whatsoever can be imported into or exported out of any Lands, Islands, Plantations, or Territories to his Majesty belonging, or in his Possession, or which may hereafter belong unto, or be in the Possession of his Majesty, his Heirs and

Successors, in Asia* Africa, or America, in any other Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels whatsoever, but in such Ships or Vessels as do truly, and without Fraud, belong only to the People of Great Britain, or of any of the Territories thereof, in the Manner, and under the Penalties, and subject to the Exceptions and Regulations in the said Acts respectively contained: And whereas the Settlement

of Surinam and its Dependencies, on the Continent of South America^ hath been surrendered to his Majesty's Arms, and is now in his Majesty's Possession, and at the Time of such Surrender such Settle- ment was in great Want of various Necessaries, and great Quantities of the Produce remained in the said Settlement, by Reason of the Interruption of the Commerce to and from the same previous to such Sur- render, and under such Circumstances his Majesty's Governor, or the Person acting as such, thought fit to permit the Importation into the said Settlement of certain Articles of Provisions, Lumber, and other Stores for the Supply of the said Settlement, in Neutral and Foreign Bottoms, and also to permit the Exportation of certain Articles, the Produce of the said Settlement, in Neutral and Foreign Bottoms, under certain Regulations and Redactions: And whereas under such Permission, some Ships cleared at the said Colony with Cargoes for this Country, but were detained by Ships in the Service of his Majesty, al-

though they had received failing Instructions in order to proceed to Great Britain, under the Convoy about to proceed from the Leeward Islands: And whereas such Importation and Exportation as aforesaid were rendered necessary by the peculiar Situation of the said Settlement, and having been permitted from the Necessity of the Occasion, the Parties who were interested in the lame should be protected against Loss; and all Persons issuing, advising, or acting under or in Obedience to any Order or Permission of the said Governor, or of any Person acting as Governor of the said Settlement, and all Persons concerned

in any Importation or Exportation as aforesaid, shall be respectively justified and indemnified therein, und released from all Penalties and Forfeitures in respect thereof Be it therefore enacted, &c.

u Seizures made subsequent to Feb. 26, 1800, of Vessels navigated by Order of the Governor of Surinam,

and of Goods imported or exported under the Regulations therein contained, shall be void; and all Actions brought against Persons for having issued or advised such Order* shall be discharged.—General 39 & 40 Geo. III. 3. P " Ifliia

474. C. 108, 109. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Issue may be pleaded to Anions, and Defendants shall recover double Costs, OV. §1. Where Seizures have been made, or Proceedings commenctrd for Condemnation* or tf disposed of under the DiredKon of any Court, the Owner or Defendant may apply, to such Court to stay Proceedings, and to obtain Refto- ration of the Vessels and Goods, &c. §2. Nothing herein to prevent Owners of Vessels, &c. from bringing Actions for Damages against Persons making illegal Seizures. §3. But no such Actions authorized, except in Cases where they might have been prosecuted, if this Act had not passed. §4."

---

CAP. CIX.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for applying certain Sums of Money therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred; for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

[29th July 1800.]

'Most Gracious Sovereign,

---

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty m tivs Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum herein- after mentioned ;* and do therefore most humbly beletch your Majesty that it may be enacted 3 &c.

i6 5,200,000l.* out of the Consolidated Fund, may be applied towards the Supply for 1800, to be raised determined by Loans or Exchequer Bills; payable out of the Consolidated Fund. §1 —10. 5,300,000l. out of the Duties upon Income, under 39 III. Cap. 13. may be applied towards the Supply, over and above the Sums necessary to discharge the Interest on Loans charged on the said Duties. §10. And also 44 1,250,000l. out of the Duties granted by the Convoy Act, 38 Geo. III. Cap 76 §11. Monies raised by the Duties on Malt, &c. under Cap. 2. of this Session; on Pensions, izfc. by Cap. 3; as also 44 2,500,000l. by Exchequer Bills, under Cap. 4; 20,500 000l. by Annuities, under Cap. 22; 3,000,000!,

by Agreement with the Bank, under Cap. 28; the said 5,300,000l.

[fee f 10.J out of the Duties upon Income; the said 1^50,000l. £/£»§. u*] our of Dudes granted by 38 Geo. III. Cap. 76; Monies 44 (S 26*000l.) raised by tho Lottery, under Cap. 523 3,500,000l. by Exchequer Bills, under Cap. 102; 44 3,000,000l. by Exchequer Bills, under Cap. 103; 3,000,000l. by Exchequer Bills, under C/p. 104; and 4* the said 5,206,000l.

[fte } 1, &c ] out of the Consolidated Fund* may be applied as follow. §12. *4 13,619.079l. 131. nd. for Naval Services, viz. For two Lunar Months commencing Jan. t, 1800, the Sum 9 following: 444,000l. for Wages of 120,000 Men including 22,696 Marines; 456,000l. for their *4 Victualling; 720,000l. for Wear and Tear of Ships; 60, for Ordnance for Sea Service; 121,510l. u for Ordinary of the Navy; 115,625l. for Extraordinary of the Navy: and for eleven Lunar Months commencing February 265 1800, the Sums following: 2,238,500l. for Wages of 110,000 Men it dud- ing 22,696 Marines; 2,299,000l. for their Victualling; 3,630,000l. for Wear and Tear of Ships; *4 202,500l. for Ordnance for Sea Service; 685,429l. 13 j. 11 d. for the Ordinary of the Navy including Half Pay; 656,515l. for Buildings and Repairs of Ships and Extra Work; 1,300,000l. for Transport

Service for 1800; 500*090l. for Prisoners of War 111 Health, and 90,000l. for Sick ditto. §13.

44 350,000l. for Ordnance for Land Service for January and February 1800; and 1,127,960l. 13l. 3d. lor ditto for ten Months, from March x to December $1, 1800; 33,671l. nx. 5d. for Ordnance for Land Service in 1708, and 184,324l. 13l. 3^. for ditto in 1799, unprovided for. §14. 2,000,000l. to be re-

mitred to Ireland, §15. 1,400,000l. to fulfil his Majesty's Engagements, &c, §16. 500,000l. for the

Emperor of Germany, the Elector of Bavaria, and the other Powers of the Empire. §17. 1,500,000l. 44 for the Emperor of Germany, % 18. 545,494l. for the Emperor of Ruffa. §19. 11,916,768l. ix. 10A

for Land Service, viz. from December 25, 1799, to February 24, 1800, the Sums following: 510,596l. 44 for 90,047 effective Men in Great Britain, jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, and Holland; 166,480l. for Forces in the Plantations, &c.; 92,635l. for Fencible Cavalry and embodied Provisional Cavalry; 232,998l.

for the Militia, the Miners of Cornwall and Devon, and Fencible Infantry; 40,000l. for quartering

45 Soldiers; 120,000l. for the Barrack Department; and from February 25 to December 24, 1800, the Sums following: 2,337,159l. 8x. 8d. for 80,275 effective Men, Officers, &c. in Great Britain, Jersey, 44 Guernsey, and Alderney; and 1,004,480l. 13x. 6d. for Forces in the Plantations, &c. From December 44 25, 1799, to December 24, 1800, (inclusive,) the Sums following: 42,901l. 19X. for Difference between British and Irish Pay for fix Regiments abroad; 24,558l. 3s. id. for recruiting the Regiments in Ecjl India; 530,000l. for Recruiting and Contingencies, and for extra Feed of Cavalry for 1800; 105,054/, 44 7 x. lid, for General, Staff, and Hospital Officers in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, for 1800; 44 1,306,121l. i6x. 5d. for Militia, the Miners of Cornwall and Devon, two Regiments of Irish Militia and Fencible Infantry, from February 25to December 24, 1800; 50,000l. for Contingencies of the Mfticia and Fencible Infantry, for 1800; 127,061l. 13X. 2d. for Cloathing for the Militia, the Miners of Cern- wall and Devon, and two Regiments of Irish Militia, for 1800; 26,280l. 14*. 6d. for Full Pay to Super- numerary Officers from December 25, 1799* to December 24, 1800; 105,747l. 3;* 6d. for the Paymaster General, Commiliary General, &c, for 1800; 140000l. for quartering Soldiers from February 25 to *4 December 24, 1800; 120,000l. for Allowance in lieu of Small Beer, from March 25 to December 24,

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. 109. 475

44 1800. 13^,970/* 71* i^for reduced Officers of the Land Forces and Marines for 1800. 20/ xw. 11 d.

€i for private alia superaiuiuated Gentlemen of the Horse Guards, for 1800; iooa/.for Officers late in the Service of the States General, for *800. 52,500l. for-reduced Officers of the BrHtfh Atmrkan Forces,

and 7,500l. for Allowances to them, for 1800. 143,310l. 7s. 3d. for Chelsea Hospital for 1800.

44 20,231l. t* for Widows* Pensions for 1800- 574,000l. for Volunteer Corps. 359.354/ ' for the Bar-

X4 rack Dqiartment from Fel. 25 to Dec. 24, 1800. 471,128l. 12;. yl. fck Foreign Corps for 1800.

44 566,688l. lor. for 12,000 Troops of the Elect<*r of Bavaria, to April u 180U 2,500,000/ for Extra-

ordinaries of the Army for 1800. $ 20. 3,000,000l. for discharging Exchequer Brils, made out under

4C 39 Geo. III. Cap. 70. §21. 2,506,250l. for discharging ditto made out under the Income Duty Act,

and now outstanding. §22. 1,079,740l. for discharging ditto made out under 38 Geo. III. Cap. 16. and

114 76.' and now out Handing. §23. 3,500,000’, for dischargingditto made oat under 39 Geo. III. Cap. 69.

44 424. 1,914,000'. for discharging ditto made out under 39 Geo. III. Cap.H8. §25. 26,203l. y. issued

pursuant to Addresses of the Commons. §26. 7,95®/, for the Civil Establishment of Upper Canada 44 5,540l. for ditto o{Nova Scotia; 4,650l. for ditto of New Brinfwick5 1,900l. for ditto of the Ifbmd.of 44 £/. in America; 1,840/, for ditto of Cape Breton; 1,640l. for ditto of Newfoundland\ 4,100l. for ditto of the Bahama islands\ 580l. for ditto of the Bermudas; 600l. for ditto of Dominica; 6,309l. i6r.

44 8l. for ditto of New South Wales5 20,000l. for Forts in Africa; 4,000l. for the Civil Establishment of Sierra Leone. §27. 150,000l. for Foreign and other Secret Service for 1800; 242,798l. 53. i</. for Re--

fugees of France, Toulon, 2nd Corsica, 6l. Domingo Sufferers, and American Loyalists for 1800; 7,574l.

44 6j. 3</. for Refugees of France, &c. for 1799; 24,074l. for the Service of New South Wales in 1799;

44 6.369l. for Superintendance of Aliens; 32,353l. i6r. ii</. for Expences of Convicts at Home, 200,000l.

towards the Red u 61 ion of the National Debt; 633,1 zGl. i$s.6d. 7 q. for Interest on Exchequer Bills;

163,368l. 135. 10//. for Discount on Loans and Lottery; 39*675/, 135. io*/. for Interest due to the Bank;

15,907l. 2j. 111l. to the Bank for receiving Contributions to the Lowa and Lottery; 2*338l. 195. 4^ foe Prosecutions of Corners for 1799; 12,000l. for Expences of drawing t We Lottery; *805l. .9;. scothe Secretary to ihe Commissioners for reducing the National Debt; 13,779l. for Secret Service abroad for 44 1799; 7,000l. for Repairs at the Ki ng’s Bench Prison; 3,000l. for the Police Office at Werppiing for 44 1800; 8,000L for Priming for the House of Commons for 1800; 1,697l. for Purchase of a Houte for dr- pofiting the Journals of the Commons; 3,575/- foT the Office of the Commissioners for American Awards for 1800; 5,000l. for Repairs at thi Marshalsea*; 900l. to Officers of the Exchequer for extra Trouble in making out Exchequer Bills; 16,000l. for Relief of St. Domingo Claimants; 177l. 6r. 6d. for printing.

Plans of proposed Wet Docks in the Port of London-, 348l. 31. 9l. for Expences of the Parliament Office; 2,482l. 16;. for additional Clerks in the Office for auditing the Pobhck Accounts; 2,646l. 91. 6l.

for Expences of the Police Office in tapping; ito/. ijs. 9l. for completing the 34th Volume Of she Manuscript Journals of the Lords; 9,760l. 13J. izd to pay Bills drawn from New South Wales Whrch became doe m 1797; 255l. 9?. to complete the Prer at Douglas Harbour rn the Isle of Mem; 900l. for Relief of Toulonefc Emigrants not included in Estimate for 1799; 448l. to - for pcblishing Weekly ftc- turns of the Average Prncc of Muscovadv Sugar; 607l. 7 s. for Copper Coin for New South Walts; 797l.

Hi. 6d. for further Expences of Police Office at Watping; 680l. i8r. for surveying Roads in North Britain; 827l. 125. for an additional Allowance to Clerks, in the Office for auditing the Publick Accounts; 177l. 15s od. ^q. on Account of the Expences of New South Wales, c. for Stationery, &c.

370l. gs- 6d. to Clerks of the House of Commons for Attendance on Publick Committees; 41,400l.

41 h*r Loifts sustained by the Deftm61i«n of the Aurora, the Mentor, and the Lari * 25*000l. for a Royal Military Asylum for Soldiers* Children; 2,550l. for Works doneat Samerjet Plat*; 1,048l. i-$r. i>d. for Fees on Compensation Money for Losses in the Destruction of Ships and Cargoes from Mogador; 30,000l.

to discharge Bills from New South Wales becoming due in 1800; 50,000l. for liquidating Demands of St.

Domingo Claimants; 1,000l. for Surveysby. Order of the Commissionters for enquiring into the State of the Woods and Forests; 1,024A 41.- 3d. for printing Lords* Journals; 3^000l. for the British) Mttfeum;

5.000l. for the Board of Agriculture for 1800; ^000l. for the Levant Company; 1,500l. for the Vcte- nnary College for i3oo; 1,000l. to Mr. Davis fora Discovery of hvs Method of cleaning Wheat da- maged by Smut; 4,5001 for repairing Roads and Bridges in North Britain for 1800. §28.* 447,*059l.

44 4;. od. iq. Deficiency of Grants 1799. 29.* Supplies not to be issued for any other than the author ixf d 44 Purposes. §30. Rules to be observed in the Application of the Sum appropriated for Half Pay.

cers employed on the Staff, or in Garrisons, may receive Half Pay, on making Oath that they have no other Employment, Civil or Military, fcfr. § gf. By 39 Geo. III. Cap. 114. a certain Sum was ap- 1 ropriated to be paid to reduced Officers, the Overplus of which may bedifjxjfed of as his Majesty shall judge proper. §32. Duplicates of Exchequer Bilk, lost or destroyed, may be made out on AftLda«-M yit of the Fad, 5.33,"

---

476 C. i - vii. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

PUBLICK LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

N.B. - Where no other Periods are noticed, the Commencement of the Act is from the Time of its passing; and its Duration unlimited.

"For twenty-one Years, &c." means, and to the End of the then next Session.

Cap. i.

AN Act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second*, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands in the several Parishes of Maney, Upwell, Welney, Downham, Witcham, and in a certain extra-parochial Place in Byal Fen, within the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge.

[10th March 1800.]

[* c. 18.]

Cap. ii.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years*, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, and in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty*, for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the said County.

[10th March 1800.]

[* From the passing of this Act.]

[* 26 Geo. 2. c. 46. 29 Geo. 3. c. 90.]

Cap. iii.

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the Roads from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Narborough; and from the said Borough of Leicester to the Town of Earl Shilton; and from the said Town of Earl Shilton to the Town of Hinckley, in the said County.

[10th March 1800.]

[See 27 Geo. 2. c. 42. 9 Geo. 3. c. 91. in Part repealed.]

[This Act to continue for the Term of the recited Acts, and twenty-one Years, &c. after their Expiration.]

Cap. iv.

An Act for continuing for a further Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term of two Acts, one made in the twelfth, and the other in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty*, for clearing, depthening, repairing, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthening and making more navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven; and preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire; and also for building a new Bridge over the Haven of Great Yarmouth; and for altering and enlarging the Powers thereof, so far as the same relate to the said Haven and Piers.

[25th March 1800.]

[* 12 Geo. 3. c. 14. 25 Geo. 3. c. 36.]

Cap. v.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parishes of Cantley and Hassingham, in the County of Norfolk, and for draining and preserving the same, and also certain Marsh Lands within the said Parishes.

[25th March 1800.]

[Punishment for destroying Works, seven Years Transportation, &c.]

LXV. AND be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously cut, damage, break down, demolish, or destroy any Bank, Mill, Engine, Dam, Floodgate, Bridge, Sluice, or Tunnel already made, or which shall at any Time hereafter be made or erected, supported, maintained, or used for answering the Purposes of this Act, every Person so offending, and being convicted, shall be guilty of Felony, and the Court before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for seven Years, or in Mitigation of such Punishment may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petty Larceny.

Cap. vi.

An Act for continuing for the Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, one made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from Brent Bridge, in the County of Devon to Galkin Gate, in or near the Borough of Plymouth, in the said County.

[25th March 1800.]

[31 Geo. 2. c. 51. 17 Geo. 3. c. 81.]

Cap. vii.

An Act for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, several Roads, leading from the Town of Ivelchester, in the County of Somerset.

[25th March 1800.]

[See 26 Geo. 2. c. 71. 18 Geo. 3. c. 101. in Part repealed.]

[This Act to continue for twenty-one Years, &c. from June 30, 1800.]

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. viii - x. 477

Cap. viii.

An Act for increasing the Tolls authorised to be taken on the Road leading from Sevenoaks Common to the Market House in Tunbridge Town, by an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Sevenoaks Common to Woodsgate, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, in the County of Kent, and from Tunbridge Wells to Woodsgate aforesaid.

[25th March 1800.]

Cap. ix.

An Act to continue, for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter the Powers, of two Acts made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty*, for amending the Roads leading from the Village of Milford, in the County of Surrey, through Petworth, to the Top of Dunckton Hill, and from Petworth to Stopham Bridge, in the County of Sussex.

[25th March 1800.]

[* 30 Geo. 2. c. 50. 5 Geo. 3. c. 57.]

Cap. x.

An Act for the Appointment and Regulation of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into and out of the the Port of Kingston-upon-Hull; and for ascertaining the Salvage for Anchors, Cables, and other Ships Materials, found in the River Humber; and for the better ascertaining the Tonnage of Ballast Lighters employed at the said Port.

[4th April 1800.]

---

WHEREAS the Corporation of Wardens, Elder Brethren, and Assistants of the Guild or Brotherhood of The Trinity House of Kingston- upon- Hull, have for a long Period of Years, by Usage, as well as by virtue of Letters Patent or Charters granted to them by the Crown, exercised the Power of appointing Pilots to conduct Ships and Vessels from the River Humber to cross the Seas, or to pass from the said River Humber beyond Flamborough Head Northward and Wintertouness Southward; but they are not inverted with sufficient Powers to prevent other Persons from acting as Pilots within the said Limits: And whereas it would greatly tend to the Safety of Ships and Vessels failing <^r trading from and to the c Port of Kingston-upon-Hull, if effectual Powers were given for appointing and regulating of Pilots for conducting of such Ships and Vessels between the said Port and the Sea, and for a small Distance out at Sea; and for preventing Persons not so appointed, from acting as Pilots of any such Ships and Vessels, or of any Ships or Vessels destined from the said Port to cross the Seas, or to pass beyond Flamborough Head Northward, or Wintertouness Southward; and also for settling and ascertaining the Salvage for Anchors, Cables,

and other Ships* Materials, found in the said River Humber; and for the better ascertaining the Tonnage of Ballast Lighters employed at the said Port May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Wardens, Elder Brethren, and Assistants of the said Trinity House, and they are hereby authorised and empowered from Time to Time, by Writing under their Common Seal, to license and appoint such Persons as they shall, upon Examination touching their Skill and Abilities, approve of and think properly qualified for that Purpose, to be Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into and out of the Port of Kingston-upon-Hull aforesaid, and upon any Part of the River Humber below the said Port, ^and so far out at Sea as to bring the Northness of Dimlington on the Coast of Holderness to bear or be seen a sufficient Distance clear or open of the Land to the Southward thereof, foas to pass clear of the New Sand and the Persons so licensed shall for the Purposes of this Act be called River Pilots: and if any Person, without having such Licence to aCfc as a River Pilot as aforesaid, shall, after the Expiration of one Calendar Month from the passing of this Act, take upon himself to conduct or pilot any Ship or Vessel into or out of the said Port, or at any Place between the said Port and the Place at Sea where the said Northness of Dimlington bears as aforesaid; or if any Person, other that such as shall have been examined and declared by the said Wardens, Elder Brethren, and Assistants, under their Common Seal, to be properly qualified and capable of conducting Ships and Vessels as a Pilot at Sea, shall, after the Expiration of the said one Calendar Month from the passing of this Act, take upon himself to act as Pilot of any Ship or Velici destined on a Voyage from the said Port of Kingston-upon-Hull, in conducting such Ship or Vessel from the Place near the Entrance of the said River Humber, where the said Northness of Dimlington bears as aforesaid, to cross the Seas, or to pass from Flamborough Head Northward, or IF inter tonness Southward; every such Person shall respectively forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to oblige the Mafhr or other Person having the Command of any Ship on Vessel outward-bound, after (he has been piloted out of the said River Humber to Sea, to employ or make use of any Pilot to conduct such Ship or Vessel to cross or pass further out at Sea; or to oblige the Matter or other Person having the Command of any Ship or VdTd in the Coal Trade, or other Coasting Trade, whether laden or in Ballast, or of any British Ship or Vessel of less than (ix Feet Draught of Water, or of any Ship or Vessel coming into any of the Roadsteads within the said River Humber for the Purpose of Shelter, or of obtaining Stores or Provisions only, to employ or make use of any Pilot; nor to preventor hinder any Owner, Part Owner, Matter, or Mate of, or any Person belonging to» any Ship or Vessel inward- bound, from conducting or piloting the Ship or Vessel to which he shall belong*

f£* 183]

*[;o Geo. u c. 50.

5 Geo. 3.6, 57.]

Trinity House of Kingtton. upon-Hull empowered to li« cenfc Pilots.

Penalty on act. ing as Pilots without Licence not exceeding aol.

Certain Vessels may be piloted by the Matters* &x.

A.D. 1800.

478

r. ^is to assist

N' '/.fi Ships in i eirrencfc to or Jilts.

Pilot* mi fbehav-in. shall fork it not exceeding WJ*

*nd, on Complaint by Commissioners to the 'J rinity House, such Pilots may be suspended.

Hates for pilot* frs British

Rates for piloting. A lien Ships.

C. x. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III.

into and up the said River Humber, in case none of the said River Pilots shall be ready and offer to condu£t and pilot *he same; nor to prevent or hinder any Person or Persons from assisting any Ship or Vessel in Distress.

" Pilots shall pay for their first License (ix Guineas, and afterwards three Guineas* §. 3. Trinity House may M suspend Pilots. §. 4* Commissioners named for the Purposes of the Act. §. First Meeting of Com* 44 missioners. §.6. Commissionejrs to settle the Clerks and other Officers’ Salaries. $.7. Commissioners to acknowledge their Acceptance of the Trust. 8. Future Meetings of Commissioners. §* 9. Onthe Death of any of the Commissioners, fcfr. others to be ele?led. J. 10."

XI. And be it further enacted, That every such River Pilot as aforesaid, shall at all Times afford every Assistance in his Power to any of his Majesty's Ships, and when any of them shall by Signal or otherwise appear to be in Want of a Pilot, shall goto assist and pilot-such Ships in Preference to any other Ship or Vessel whatsoever; and in case any such River Pilot shall refuse or neglect to take the Charge or Conduct of any of his Majesty's Ships, or any other Ship or Vessel whatsoever, upon a proper Signal being made, or a Gun or Guns fired by any Ship or Vessel inw2rd-bo\md, or at the Request of the Master, Commander, Owner, Agent, or Configure of any Ship or Vessel outward-bound; or if any such River Pilot shall refuse or neglect to give every Assistance in his Power to any Ship or Velfei in Distress, or in Want of any extra Assistance; or in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners that any such River Pilot shall have misbehaved himself in the Conduct of any Ship or Vessel, or in the Execution of his Duty as a River Pilot; er if any such River Pilot shall (without some reasonable Excuse) refuse to obey any Summons rffued in pirfuancecrc the Order of any five or more of the said Commissioners, requiring his Appearance before them, or to obey such Orders as shall be made and parted at any of their Meetings for the Purposes of this Act, every such Pilot shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds for every such Offence; and if the said Commissioners, upon Examination of the Cause of Complaint, shall think that the Pilot so offending should be suspended or broke, and shall (late the Matter of Complaint and such their Opinion to the said Corporation of Wardens, Elder Brethren, and A Aidants, the said Corporation are hereby required to inquire into ‘the Matter of Complaint, and upon Proof of the Offence complained cf, by the Oath of any credible Witness, {which Oath the said Mayor and Aldermen, Acting Warden or his Deputy, Eider Brother or Assistant, or any one of them, is hereby empowered to administer,) according to their Discretion, either to suspend or to entirely break and dismiss such Pilot, and to declare his Licence to be void; and such Pilot shall be accordingly either suspended, or* broke and dilmifted, and his Licence shall be from thenceforth utterly void, as the Case shall be; and if any such River Pilot, after being suspended, or broke and dismissed as aforesaid, and Notice thereof in Writing, signed by the Clerk, given to such Pilot, ot left at his ufnal Place of Abode, shall, during the Time of such Suspenfron, or after such Dismission, take upon himself to pilot or conduct any Ship or Vessel into or out of the said Port of King ft on- upon Hull aforesaid, or upon jany Part of the said River below the said Port, or out at Sea between the Entrance into the said River and the Place where the Northness of Dimlington bears as aforesaid, be {hdl forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds.

XII. And, for ascertaining the Rates to be paid to the find River Pilots for the conducting or piloting any Ships or Vessels as aforesaid,’ be it further enacted, That no greater Rates shall be demanded or taken by any such River Pilot, than what shall be from Time to Time ascertained, fixed, and settled by the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings, so that the Rate so to be ascertained, fixed, and settled for piloting or conducting any Ship or Vessel belonging to any of his Majesty's Subjects, into the said Port of Kingston-upon-Hull, from the Place at Sea where the North mjs of Dimlington bears as aforesaid, be not le(> than three Shillings nor more than five Shillings for every Foot of Water such Ship or Vessel shall draw, 2nd so in Proportion for the Fraction of a Foot, such F radio n not being lei's than Haifa Foot; and for piloting and conducting any such Ship or Vessel into the said Port from the Place within the said River Humber where the Spurn Lighthouse bears North-edt, or from any Distance within the said River Humber to the Buoy of the Burcome, not less than two Shillings and Sixpence nor more than three Shillings and Sixpence for every Foot of Water such Ship or Vessel shall draw, and so in Proportion for the Fraction of a Foot, such Fraction not being less than Halt a Foot -T and for piloting and conducting any such Ship or Vessel into the said Port from the Distance of the said Buoy, not less than two Shillings nor more than three Shillings for every Foot of Water such Ship or Vessel shall draw, and so in Proportion for every Fra&ion of a Foot* such Fraction not being less than Half a Foot; and for piloting and conducting any such Ship or Vessel into the fad Port from If bite booth koadio the said River Humber, not less than one Shilling nor more than two Shillings for every Foot of Water such Ship or Vessel shall draw, and so in Proportion for the Fradion of a Foot, foefo Fraction not being less than Haifa Foot; and for piloting and concluding any such Ship or Vessel from the said Port, so far out to Sea as to bring the said Northncfi of Dimlington to bear as aforesaid, not left than three Shillings nor more than five Shillings for every Foot of Water such Ship or Vessel shall, draw, and fo, in Proportion for the Fradion of a Foot, such Fradion not being less than Half a Foot.

XIII. And, for ascertaining the Rates to be paid to the said River Pilots for the conducting or piloting: 4 any Alien Ship or Vessel,’ be it further enacted, That nogreater Rates-ftudlbe demanded or taken by any such River Pilots, than what shall bs from Time to Time ascertained, fixed* and settled by the said Commissioners, so that the Rate to be ascertained, fixed, and settled, for piloting or conducting any. Ship or VefiH belonging to Aliens in the said Port of Kingston-upon-Hulk from the Place at Sea where the Njrtbnefstf Dimlwrjon bears as atoreffod, be not less than five Shillings nor more than seven Shillings for every Foot of Water such Sl ip or Vessel shall craw, and so in Proportion for the Fradion of a Foot, such Fradion wt, being less than Half a Foot; and for piloting and conducting my such Alien Ship or Vessel into toe fin'd Pott froia the Place within the Humber where the Spurn Lighthouse bears North-east* Or* from any Distance witta

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. x. 479

the said River Humber to the Buoy of the Thircome, not less than four Shillings nor more than five Shillings for every Foot of Water such Ship or Vessel shall draw, and so in Proportion for (he Fraction of a Foot, such Fraction not being less than Half a Foot; and for piloting and conducting any such Ship or Vessel into the said Port from the Distance of the said Buoy, not less than three Shillings nor more than six Shillings for every Foot of Water such Ship or Vessel shall draw, and so in Proportion for the Fraction of a Foot, such Fraction not being less than Half a Foot; and for piloting and conducting any such Ship or Vessel into the find Port from IVlntebcotb Road in the said River Humber, not less than one Shilling and Sixpence nor more than three Shillings for every Foot of Water such Ship or Vessel (hill draw, and so in Proportion for the Fraction of a Foot, such Fraction not being less thin Haifa Foot; and for piloting and conducting any such Alien Ship or Vessel-from the said Portso far out to Sea as to bring the said Northness of Dimlington to bear as aforesaid, not less than five Shillings nor more than seven Shillings for every Foot of Water such Ship or Vessel shall draw, and so in Proportion for the Fraction of a Foot, such fraction not being less than Hdf a Foot,

M Fraction of Half a Foot, shall be considered as Haifa Foot. §. 14. Commissioners empowered to vary and regulate the Prices of Pilotage; within the Rates mentioned. §1

XVI. Provided always, That every Master or other Person, having the Command of any Ship or Vessel

failing from the said Port of Kingston-upon-Hull with Ballad only, and not laden or Part laden with Goods or Merchandize liable to the Payment of Freight, which shall be conducted or piloted out of the said Port by any of the said River Pilots, shall pay or cause to be paid two Third Parts only of the Rates which such Ship or Vessel would be liable to if laden or Part laden for such respective Pilotage.'

XVII. Provided also, That the Mailer or other Person having the Command of any Ship or Vessel crti-ployed in the Coasting Trade, and which shall have been actually so employed for six Calendar Months or upwards then next preceding, which shall be conducted or piloted into or out of the said Port by any of the said River Pilots, shall be subject to the Payment of one Half Part only of the said respective Rates payable in respect of British Ships or Vessels*

XVIII. Provided also, That if any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, whether trading Coastwise or other wise, which shall be conducted or piloted into, out of, or upon the said River Humber, by any of the said River Pilots, shall not draw so much as six Feet Water, such Ship or Vessel shall nevertheless, in ascertaining the Rate of Pilotage payable for the same by virtue of this Act, be deemed and considered to draw six Feet Water; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel of any of his Majesty's Subjects, or of Aliens, not bound to the said Port of Kingston upon-Hully shall, on account of contrary Winds and bad Weather, or other wise, be piloted from or to the Northness of Dimlington, bearing as above-mentioned, into or out of any of the Roadsteads of the said River Humber below the Roadstead of the said Port of Kingston-upon- Hull* the following Proportions of the Rates for Pilotage, which shall for the Time being be payable as herein-before mentioned for or in respect of British and Alien Ships respectively, and no more shall be demanded by or paid to any such River Pilot so piloting such Ship or Vessel; (that is to say,) if such Ship or Vessel shall be piloted from or to the Place where the Northness of Dimlington bears as aforesaid, into or from the Hawk Road, or Grimsby Road, in the said River Humber, one Third Part of the said Rates hereby imposed for piloting British and Alien Ships rdjiectively the whole Extent of the first above-mentioned Difiance; and if such Ship or Vessel shall be piloted from or to the said Distance, into or from Whitebooth Rjoad, two Third Parts of such Rates.

XX. And, as an Encouragement to the said River Pilots, to ply out at Sea, be it further enacted, That in case any Ship or Vessel shall be met with in Distress, by any of the said River Pilots, and shall be afiified by such Pilot, or any of his Crew or Boat, then such Compensation shall be made for such Assistance, as shall be settled and determined by the said Commissioners at their next Meeting after Application shall have been made to them by either Party for that Purpose; and if any Agreement for inch extraordinary Assistance -shall have been made, such Agreement shall be null and voids or in case any British or Alien Ship or Vessel shall, at the particular Request of the Master or oilier Person having the Command thereof, be piloted or afiified by any of the said River Pilots into the said Port from any further Distance than what is hereby provided for, every such River Pilot shall be paid for such extra Pilotage, such Sum as the said Commissioners shall order and direct, not less than Nine-pence nor more than one Shilling and Three-pence for every Foot of Water any such British Ship or Vessel shall draw, and so in Proportion for the Fraction *f a Foot, such Fraction not being less than Half a Foot; and not less than one Shilling nor more than two Shillings for every Foot of Water any such Alien Ship or Vessel shall draw, and so in Proportion for the Fraction of a Poor, such Fraction not being less than Haifa Foot; over and above the said Rates of Pilotage by this Act imposed for piloting such Ships or Vessels respectively from the Distance of the said Northness of Dimlington bear-ingas aforesaid, or into the said Port.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Master or Commander of any Ship or Vessel drawing six Feet Water or upwards which shall be outward-bound and about to proceed down the said River Humber, or which shall be inward-bound, shall refuse to take on board and employ one of the said River Pilots who shall offer his Service (except such Ships or Vessels asare employed on the Coal or Coasting Trade) such Master or Commander UMl pay or cause to be paid to the River Pilot who first or who only shall offer his Service as aforesaid, and shall be so refused, the full Pilotage which such Master or Commander would have been subject or liable to pay by virtue of this Act if the said Riot had been received and employed in conducting or prloting such Ship or Vessel into or out of the said Port of Kingston-upon-Hull, together with the Expence to be incurred in the Recovery of the same.

Ships ontward-bound in ballast* pay only two Thirds of the Rates.

Coafieri to ptf only Half of the Rates.

VHTels drawing less than six Feet Water to pay for six Feet.

Proportioning the Rates of Pilotage.

Rewards for PU lots assisting Ships in Dirtreft to be settled by Commissioneri

Additional Pilotage for piloting extra DiCi tance.

Matters of inward or cut-war J-bound Ships refuting Pilots, ftnll pay them the Pilotage.

48.0 C. x.

Anno 39° & 40° Georgii. III.

A.D. 1800.

Pilots leading the Way in any Vessel to be en-t.tkd to full Piiotsije.

Ships forced back afc$r p ;rt-in^ with Pi!ct>, and piloted out ay a in from any of the Roads,

, to pay not exceeding one Mali' of the Rates.

N Distance out- ward bound Ships are to be piloted.

Pilots to have 3s- 6d per Day* for their Attendance.

Mots quitting Ships without Leave, to forfeit Pilotage, and not exceeding 10l.

Places to which inward bound Ships are to be piloted.

Rates for birthing Ships.

Matter?: shall give Pilot a true Account of the Draught of Water of their Ships, and Pilot authorised to ad men fu re.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Ship or Vessel coming into or going out of the said Port shall be in Want, of a Pilot, ami none of the said River Pilots can be procured, and there shall, be any of the said River Pilots on board any other Ship or Vessel passing into or out of the said Port, such Pilot on beard any such other Ship or Vessel may lead the Way for, and conduct the Ship or Vessel so in Want of a Pilot cither into or out of the said Port, or so far in her Course until another River Pilot can be obtained; and the Mailer or Commander of every such Ship or Vessel which shall befo piloted or conducted determined by any Pilot leading the Way in such other Ship or Vessel, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of the Whole, or such a Proportion, according fothe Distance/uch Ship or Vessel (halt have been piloted or conducted as aforesaid, of the said Rates of Pilotage, as he would have been subject and liable to if the Pilot had actually been on hoard of such Ship or Vessel, and piloted or conducted the same into or out of the said Port, as shall be fixed and settled by the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings; and such Pilotage so to be received shall be added to the Stock of the Boat to which such Pilot shall belong.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Ship or Vessel which shall have been piloted or conducted by any of the said River Pilots out of the said Port of Kington-upon- Hull% shall be forced back, by Stnrm or otherwise, after having, by the Consent of the Masteror Commander of such Ship or Vessel, parted with such Pilot, and shall be conducted by such Matter or Commander into any of the Roadsteads or Places in the said River, and such Matter or Commander shall afterwards employ any of the said River Pilots to conduct such Ship or Vessel out of such Roadflead or Place to Sea, then such a Proportion not exceeding one Half of the full Sum, shall be paid for such Pilotage, as is hereby directed to be taken for Pilotage outward, as shall be settled and fixed by the said Commissioners.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every such River Pilot as aforesaid, who shall take upon himself the Charge of any Ship or Vessel about to fail out of the said Port of King Jion-upon-Hu/ly shall, and is hereby required to take Charge of such Ship or Vessel at her Moorings in the Dock, or other Place within the said Port, and to condubl or pilot such Ship or Vessel about to fail out of the said Port of Kingst on-upon- Hull, so far out to Sea as to bring the Northnef of Dirnlington to bear as above-mentioned; and whenever any such River Pilot shall be required by the Masteror Commander of any Ship or Vessel, whether outward or inward-bound, to attend such Ship or Vessel at Anchor in any of the Roadsteads in the said River Humber^ for the

Purpose of taking in Goods, or for any other Purpose, such River Pilot shall attend accordingly, on not less than three Shillings and Sixpence per Day, for every Day of twenty-four Hours* Attendance, according to the Discretion of the said Commissioners, being paid or secured to be paid to such Pilot; and if such Pilot shall be employed for a Part only of a Day, he shall be paid the like sum as for a whole Day; and in case the Use or Attendance of a Pilot’s Crew or Boat shall be required, there shall be paid for the Use of such Crewor Boat such sum of Money by the Tide, Day, or otherwise, as shall be settled and directed by the said Commissioners according to the Circumstances of the Case; and if any such River Pilot after he is engaged to serve, shall presume to quit any Ship or Vessel so detained, without the Consent of the Master or Commander of every such Ship or Vessel, such Pilot shall forfeit the Pilotage which on his duly performing his Duty he would have been entitled to; and on being lawfully convicted of so quitting any Ship or Vessel, shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every such River Pilot as aforesaid who shall pilot or conduit any Ship or Vessel into the said Port of Kingston-upon-Hull shall, and is hereby required to take the same as high in the Haven of the said Port as above the Place called The Garrison Jetty, and as much higher in the said Haven as may be, and from thence, if the Tide will permit, into the Wet Dock of the said Port, or to such other Place of Delivery within the Limits of the said Port, as the Matter of such Ship or Vessel shall require; but if the Tide will not allow thereof, then to moor her in a proper Situation in the said Haven, without being paid any other Rate than is hereby directed to be paid for piloting such Ship or Vessel into the said Port; and in Case the Attendance of any such Pilot shall be required to take Care of such Ship or Vessel from such first Mooring, and to conduct her into the said Wet Dock, or other Place of Delivery, the Pilot that shall have brought the said Ship or Vessel to such Mooring, or some other of the said River Pilots, to be by the said Pilot or the said Matter procured, shall attend, and shall be paid for unmooring, transporting, and re-mooring such Ship or Vessel at her Delivery-birth in the said Dock, or other Place within the said Port, if such Ship or Vessel shall draw thirteen Feet of Water and upwards, not less than nine Shillings nor more than eleven Shillings; and if such Ship or Vessel shall draw upwards of ten Feet and under thirteen Feet of Water, not less than six Shillings and Sixpence nor more than eight Shillings and Sixpence; and if such Ship or Vessel shall draw under ten Feet of Water, not less than four Shillings nor more than six Shillings; according to the Discretion of the said Commissioners.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Master or Commander of every Ship or Vessel so to be piloted or conducted into or out of the said Port of Kingston-upon-Hull, shall, and is hereby required to declare and give a true Account to the Pilot employed in conducting or piloting such Ship or Vessel of the Draught of Water such Ship or Vessel shall draw; and in case the Pilot so employed shall suspect the Truth of such Declaration, such Pilot is hereby authorised to admeasure, or cause such Ship or Vessel to be admeasured, in order to find out the true Draught of Water such Ship or Vessel shall then draw; and if on such Admeasurement it shall appear that such Master or Commander gave a false Account wilfully and fraudulently, such Master or Commander shall not only pay to such Pilot the full Pilotage by this Act made payable for or in respect of such Ship or Vessel, with all the Expences of the Admeasurement, but shall also forfeit ar.A pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds.

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. x. 481

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons taking or appearing to take Persons Ilibk ypon himself 01 themselves the Charge, Agency, or Consignment of any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vesselsf so to Pilowg*. charged or chargeable with the said respective Rates for Pilotage and extra Attendances, outward-bound,

shall be accountable to such River Pilot or Pilots for such Rates of Pilotage as shall be so due for suchs Pilotage outward according to the Rates aforesaid; and the same shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale, in Manner herein after mentioned, upon any of the Goods, Merchandize, or Effects of the Person or Persons so taking or appearing to take upon himself or themselves the Charge, Agency, or Consignment of such Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, after the Expiration of three Days from the Day on which such Pilotage shall have been demanded.

On Nonpayment of Rate, Commissioners may distrain the Ship’s Tackle, &c. §28."

XXIX. And whereas, it may happen that some of the said River Pilots may be unavoidably through Mailers forcibly

Stress of Weather, or forcibly, carried to Sea beyond the Limits for Pilotage herein prescribed,’ be it there- p.^ fore further enacted, That the Master or Commander of any Ship or Vessel on board of which any such them Mates*

Pilot shall be forcibly, or through Stress of Weather unavoidably carried to Sea beyond the Limits aforesaid. Wages, and for-shall pay to such River Pilot, for the Time he shall be detained on board after passing the said Limits, the feit not exceed* same Wages as shall be payable by the said Mailer or Commander to the Mate of such Ship or Vessel, over inS *oI.

and above the Rate of Pilotage which he shall be entitled to as Pilot of such Ship or Vessel; and in case of any such Pilot being forcibly carried to Sea beyond the said Limits, otherwise than through Strefe of Weather, such Master or Commander shall also forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds.

Majority of Pilots may have a Joint Stock. §30. Commissioners to keep Accounts of Money received for Licences, fer Penalties, and of Disbursements. §31. Licence Money and Fines, (after paying Expences of the Act) to be applied for the Benefit of disabled Pilots, their Widows, &c. §33. To enable 4t Commissioners to reward meritorious Pilots, z j- per Cent, may be retained by the Commissioners, out of the Rates of Pilotage, &c. §33. Accounts to be audited by five of more Commissioners. §34. Pilots not to keep Publick Houses. $35. Expences of obtaining this Act to be ascertained by the Commissioners. §36. The/aid Expences to be raised by a Tonnage Duty of one Halfpenny per Ton. §37,3$.

Accounts to be kept by the Commissioners of the Receipts and Payments in respect of the Tonnage Duty. §39. Tonnage Duty to cease after the Charges are paid. §40."

XLI. And whereas it frequently happens that Ships and Vessels are through Stress of Weather forced Commissioneri e from their Anchors and Cables in the said River Humber, and the Entrance thereof, and unreasonable Sums «mpow«rcd to

of Money demanded for Salvage by the Persons taking up such Anchors and Cables, and the Anchors and ^nchwiu6 "

Cables so taken up together with Buoy Ropes and Buoys belonging thereto, have frequently been clandestinely secreted from the Owners thereof, and afterwards fraudulently sold and disposed of \ for preventing such unreasonable Demands, and such Frauds for the future, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and directed, upon Application to them for that Purpose, to adjust and determine any Difference, whenever any such shall arise, between the Owner or Master, or Agent for the Owner of the Anchors, Cables, or other Stores or Materials, of any Ship or Vessel, which shall be found in the said River Humber, or the Entrance thereof, and brought to the said Port of Kingston-upon-Hull> and the Person or Persons finding, taking up, and bringing the same; and the Determination of the said Commissioners therein shall be final and conclusive; and that if at any Time any Person or Persons finding Persons shall find and take up any such Anchor, Cable, or any other Sort of Ship’s Stores or Materials, and Anchors, &c. shall not without Delay bring the same to the said Port, or the Limits thereof, and within the Space of two A11 brin8 the.m Days from the bringing the same into the said Port, or the Limits thereof, deliver the same up to the Owner *? thereof, or his Agent; or if any such Anchor, Cable, or other Ship’s Materials, so found, is not claimed by ^tth a

the Owner thereof, or his Agent, or such Owner or his Agent cannot be found or ascertained within the said Descriyltion in $pac6; then, if the Person or Persons finding and taking up such Anchor, Cable, or other Ship’s Materials, writing, in or- ' shall not land and put the same in such publick Place near to the Entrance of the said Haven as the said dtr such Commissioners shall appoint, and give Nonce thereof, with a particular Description in Writing of the same, ^dvcr*C* and of the Place where found, to the said Commissioners or their Clerk, in order that the Anchors, Cables;

or others Ship’s Materials so found and brought, may be advertised in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think proper; or if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times, with an Intent to injure Persons taking or defraud the Owner of any Anchor, Cable, or other Ship’s Materials, cut, break, destroy, or remove the away any Buoy, Buoy, Buoy Rope, or other Mark or Fattening to any such Anchor, Cable, or other Ship’s Materials so &c. to forfeit found as aforesaid, or when any such Anchors* Cables, or other Ship’s Materials are foundj shall alter or ^cxcccdhl8 deface the Marks thereof, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds; and if any of the said River Pilots shall be guilty of any of the said Offences, he If Offence com. shall not only forfeit the said Penalty, but (if the said Commissioners shall adjudge proper) shall also from netted by thenceforth be broke and disqualified from acting as a Pilot; and there shall from Time to Time be paid to ^rokV.^ the said Clerk for the Purposes of this Act, for every Award the said Commissioners shall make upon any Difference as to any Matter of Salvage being referred to them, the Sum of seven Shillings and Sixpence, over and above the Stamp Duty chargeable on such Award, by the said Parties in Difference, in equal Moieties; and for advertizing any Anchor, Cable, or other Ship’s Materials as aforesaid, the Sum of five f Shillings, besides the Expences attending the same, by the Person or Persons finding and bringing such Anchor, Cable, or other Ship’s Materials, and the Owner thereof, in equal Shares.

482 C. x. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

All Vessels carrying; Ballast for Hire, to be registered by the Clerk to the Commissioners.

Uphters to be weighed.

Tonnage to be

afcei taint'd by Gauge Walks.

Lighters to take their Turn in supplying Ships with Ballast.

Commissioners’ Clerk shall examine all such Vessels yearly;

and if he shall discover any Fraud, present same to the Commissioners.

Owners refusing to produce Lighter to be reviewed, or to tTim and pump before Delivery cl Ballast, to forfeit not cx-

Ktui.n.’ 5l.

XLII. 'And whereas it would be a great Benefit to the Persons concerned in Ships and Vessels refotting c to the said Port of Kingston-upon-Hull, if the Lighters and other Vessels carrying for Hire Ballast for Ships or Vessels, within the said Port, or the Limits thereof, as to the Tonnage of the same, were put under proper Regulations ;* be it further enacted, That, from and after the Expiration of two Calendar Months from the passing of this Act, all and every Person and Persons who shall keep or use for carrying for Hire, Ballast for Ships or Vessels, any Lighter or other Vessel within the said Poit of Kingston-upon-Hull, or the Limits thereof, shall cause the same to be registered by the Clerk to the said Commissioners in a Register to be by him kept for that Purpose, in which Register the said Clerk shall enter, in numerical Prog re fuon, the Name of the Owner or Owners of every such Lighter or other Vessel, together with the Tonnage thereof; to which Register all Persons interested shall have Recourse at all seasonable Times, on Payment, for the Purposes of this Act, of Sixpence for every Search; and every Person who shall keep or use for the carrying for Hire, Ballast for Ships or Vessels, any Lighter or other Vessel within the said Port of Kingston- upon- Hull, of the Limits thereof, shall produce such Lighter or other Vessel to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, at or as near as convenient to the Gates between the said Wet Dock and the said Haven, or other convenient Place within the said Haven or Dock, to be appointed by the said Commissioners, and shall at the same Time, at his or their own Expence, cause the Tonnage of the said Lighter or other Vessel to be ascertained to the Satis, faction of the said Clerk, by causing the same to be fairly and properly weighed, and two Gauge Marks to be made and fixed on the Stem and Stern of every such Lighter or other Vessel, and between every two Gauge Marks to cause visible Marks to be made and set, in order that the Tonnage and Burthen of every such Lighter, or other Vessel respectively, may be computed and distinguished by a gradual Progression of two Tons and a Half, with Copper or Brass Nails, or in such Manner and Form as the said Commissioners shall direct; and shall at all Times afterwards preserve, and keep clean and legible the same Name, Number, and Tonnage so to be marked as aforesaid; and the Owner of every such Lighter or other Vessel, shall be paid for the Ballast, delivered out of the same according to the Tonnage so to be ascertained as aforesaid, after the Water has been pumped therefrom, and the Lighter trimmed so as to make the same swim at equal Marks at the Stem and Stern thereof; and the Owner of every such Lighter or other Vessel, shall pay to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Commissioners, to be applied towards carrying this Act into Execution, the Sum of seven Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and such Clerk shall attend within the Hours of transacting Business at the Custom House, to fee every such Lighter or other Vessel weighed, marked, and registered as aforesaid, upon twenty-four Hours’ Notice given to him for that Purpose, upon Pain of forfeiting to the Owner of such Lighter or other Vessel, any Bum not exceeding fifty Shillings for every Time he shall neglect so to attend, unless such Clerk shall be prevented from attending on Account of Sickness or some other sufficient Cause; and the said Clerk shall also enter in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, in a due and regular Rotation, as well the Names of such Lighters or other Vessels, when and as they shall severally arrive or be laden with Ballast, as the Names of such Ships or Vessels, the Owners or Masters whereof shall apply for Ballast; and k shall be lawful for the said Clerk to demand and receive from such Owners or Masters, for the Use of the Owners of the Lighters or other Vessels supplying the Quantity of Ballast required, the full current Price of such Ballast, and also one Shilling for each and every Entry; and the said Clerk shall pay^ unto the Owner of every Lighter or other Vessel the Money so by him received for such Ballast, first deducting the reout one Halfpenny per Ton for every Ton of Ballast so delivered, (and which Deduction the said Clerk is hereby authorised to make,), to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall yearly and every Year, on the first Monday in July, or within eight Days then next following, within the Hours of Bufinef?, review and examine all such Lighters and other Vessels, at or near the said Dock Gates, or such other convenient Place as aforesaid, and fee that the Name, Number, and Tonnage marked thereon, are plain and legible, and the Gauge Marks complete and perfect, and whether any Frauds have been committed by Alterations made therein or otherwise; and such Clerk shall affix or cause to be affixed, on some conspicuous Place near the said Dock Gates, three Days’ Notice of the Time or Times when he will attend to make such Review and Examination; and in case he shall find that any such Fraud hath been committed, or any such Gauge Marks are altered or incomplete, or any Cause of Complaint, he shall make a Presentment thereof to the said Commissioners; and in case the Owner or Part Owner, Matter or other Person employed on board of any such Lighter or other Vessel as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to produce his Lighter or other Vessel to be viewed and examined as aforesaid, Notice of the Time of such Review and Examination being given as aforesaid, and shall afterwards lade or use such Lighter or other Vessel before it shall have beer! reviewed and examined by such Clerk, or shall refuse or neglect, previous to the Delivery of any Ballast, properly to trim the same, and to pump all the Water out of such Lighter or other Vessel as aforesaid, or shall wilfully and fraudulently obliterate or alter the Name, Number, or Tonnage of such Lighter or other Vessel, or shall not report the Arrival of such Lighter or other Veil’d, and deliver the Ballast therein in a due and regular Rotation :is aforesaid, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Pounds; and there shall be paid towards the Expence of carrying'this Act into Execution, for the Trouble of taking and making every such Review and Examination, by the Owner or Owners of such Lighter or other Vessel, the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence for every such Lighter or other Vessel so reviewed and examined.

Act not to prejudife the Trinity House of Deptford St rend, Dover, Deal, The Isle of Thanet, or Newcastle-upon-Tyne. §44. Nor the Corporation of Kingston-upon-HulL §45. Nor the Trinity House of king- Jton-upon-Hull. $ 46. Nor the Dock Company of Kingston-upon-HuiL §47. Nor the Corporation of Great Grimsby. §48. Commissioners empowered to make Bye Laws, which shall be printed.

" §49>

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. x — xvii. 483

c< §49> 5°- Two Justices of the Peace for Kingston-upon-Hull, (not having acted as Commissioners in u any Transaction relative to the Matter in Dispute,) may heat* and determine Offences. $51. For €* compelling* the Attendance of Witnesses. § $z. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions. 4

" f 53. Proceedings for Penalties to be within six Months. § $4. Form of Conviction. §55. Distress u not to be deemed unlawful, nor Proceedings quashed for Want of Form. §56, 57."

Limitation of Action> six Months, a I Days* Notice to the Commissioners* Clerk j Tender of Amends. Venue,

[General Issue.]

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until twenty-one Days* Notice thereof shall be first given in Writing to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Commissioners, signed by the intended Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, of the Cause and Intention of and for commencing such Action or Suit; norat any Time whatsoever after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved; nor after six Calendar Months next after the Fadl committed, for which such Action or Suit shall be so brought; and every such Action or Suit shall be laid and tried in the County of York, or in the said Town and County of Kingston-upon-Hull, and not in any other County or Place; and that the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial which shall be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action of Suit shall be so brought, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall happen that such Action or Suit was brought before twenty-one Days* Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid; or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be said in any other County or Place than aforesaid, then the Jury ftydl find for such Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action, or if Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then and in either of the Cases aforesaid,

---

[Treble Costs.]

such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in any other Case by Law.

"Publick Act, §59."

Cap. xi.

An Act for opening and making two new Streets in the City of Aberdeen.

[4th April 1800.]

Cap. xii.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Summerrods Bar, near the Town of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Alston, in the County of Cumberland.

[4th April 1800.]

[Former Act, 18 Geo. 3. c. 116. repealed.]

[This Act to continue for twenty-one Years, &c. from June 3, 1800.]

Cap. xiii.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty*, for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending the Roads from the Town of Halifax, and from Sowerby Bridge, in the County of York, by Todmorden, to Burnley and Littleborough in the County of Lancaster.

[4th April 1800.]

[* 33 Geo. 2. c. 48. 17 Geo. 3. c. 90.]

Cap. xiv.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Glenwhelt, through Haltwhistle, Hexham, and Corbridge, to the Military Road near Shildon Bar; and for making and repairing a Branch Road from Corbridge aforesaid, to Heddon-on-the-Wall, all in the County of Northumberland.

[4th April 1800.]

[Former Act, 18 Geo. 3. c. 115. repealed.]

[This Act to continue for twenty-one Years, &c. from June 3, 1800.]

Cap. xv.

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the Road from the Village of Magor to the Bridge foot in the Town of Chepstow in the County of Monmouth, and several other Roads in the Counties of Monmouth, Gloucester, Hereford, and Brecon, to continue in Force for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

[4th April 1800.]

[Former Act, 31 Geo. 2. c. 44; 10 Geo. 3. c. 105 repealed.]

Cap. xvi.

An Act for amending, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in Witney to the Turnpike Road on Swerford Heath, and also the Road leading from the Turnpike Road from Woodstock to Birmingham, through Charlbury, to the Turnpike Road from Chipping Norton to Burford, all in the County of Oxford.

[4th April 1800.]

[To continue for twenty-one Years, &c. from May 1, 1800.]

Cap. xvii.

An Act for making and repairing the Road from the Town of Stonehaven, through the Slug-mount, to the new Bridge over the River Dee at Cobleheugh, in the County of Kincardine.

[24th April 1800.]

[To continue for twenty-one Years, &c. from the fourth Monday after the passing thereof.]

484 C. xviii - xxv. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Cap. xviii.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty*, for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Austerlands, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[24th April 1800.]

[* 32 Geo. 2. c. 48; 18 Geo. 3. c. 85.]

Cap. xix.

An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty*, for amending, widening, turning, varying, altering, and keeping in Repair several Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, so far as the same relates to the Road from Haslingden to Todmorden, being the second District of the said Roads; and for making and maintaining a Branch therefrom at or near a Place called Fearns in Wolfenden Booth, to Edge Side in the same Booth and another Branch therefrom at or near a Place called Robert’s Mill in Bacup Booth, into the Rochdale Turnpike Road in the Parish of Spotland, all in the said County Palatine of Lancaster.

[24th April 1800.]

[* c. 107.]

Cap. xx.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Alemouth, through Alnwick and Rothbury, to Hexham, and a Branch from the said Road, between Alnwick and Rothbury, to Jockey’s Dike Bridge, in the County of Northumberland.

[24th April 1800.]

[This Act to continue for twenty-one Years, &c. from June 7, 1800.]

[Former Acts, 25 Geo. 2. c. 46. 19 Geo. 3. c 95. repealed.]

Cap. xxi.

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving the Open Fields, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Ludham, in the County of Norfolk.

[1st May 1800.]

[By §75. The Punishment of seven Years' Transportation is imposed on Persons destroying the Works, &c. as under §65. of c. iv.]

Cap. xxii.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts*, passed for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Heron Syke, which divides the Counties of Lancaster and Westmorland, to the Town of Kirkby in Kendal, and from the said Town of Kirkby in Kendal, through the Town of Shap, to Emont Bridge, in the said County of Westmorland.

[1st May 1800.]

[* 26 Geo. 2. c. 52; 19 Geo. 3. c. 108.]

Cap. xxiii.

An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the River Thames, near to the Town of Gravesend, in the County of Kent, to the River Medway, at a Place called Nicholson’s Ship-Yard, in the Parish of Frindsbury, in the said County; and also a certain Collateral Cut, from White Wall in the said Parish, to the said River Medway.

[16th May 1800.]

---

Persons destroyng the Works

[By the latter Part of §75. of this Act, u If any Person shall wilfully and maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Navigation, break, throw down, damage, or destroy any Banks or other Works to be guilty of Felony, u cre(r^e(j and ma(jc by virtue of this Act, every such Person shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and every u such Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony, and the Court by or before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or in Mitigation of such Punishment, fuca Court may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petty Larceny."]

[34 Geo. 3.

---

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for amending the several Acts* passed for making, extending, finishing, and completing the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton-under-Lyne and Oldham, and the several Cuts and other Works authorised to be made and done by the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal Navigation; and for granting to the said Company further and other Powers.

[16th May 1800.]

[* 32 Geo. 3. c. 84; 33 Geo. 3. c. 21; 38 Geo. 3. c. xxxii.]

Cap. xxv.

An Act for lighting the Streets and Lanes of the Borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and the Quays and Wharfs belonging to the said Borough, and that Part of the Bridge over the River Tweed, which lies within the Liberties of the said Borough, and also the Street of Castle-gate, within the said Borough or the Liberties thereof; and for paving the Foot-paths of the Streets of the said Borough and of Castle-gate aforesaid; and for preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

[16th May 1800.]

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. xxvi - xxxiv. 485

Cap. xxvi.

An Act to alter, explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second*, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands in the Isle of Ely and County of Norfolk, lying between The Hundred Foot River and the Ouze, and bounded on the South by the Hard Lands of Mepall, Wicham, Wentworth, Wichford, Ely, Downham, and Littleport; and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to sell certain Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invested Lands.

[16th May 1800.]

[* 29 Geo. 2. c. 22 in part repealed.]

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers' of two Acts, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty*, for repairing and widening the Road from The Swan Inn at Leatherhead, to the May Pole at the upper End of Spital or Somerset-Street, in the Parish of Stoke near the Town of Guldeford, in the County of Surrey.

[16th May 1800.]

[* 31 Geo. 2. c. 77; 19 Geo. 3. c. 104.]

Cap. xxviii.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty*, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the Borough of Lyme Regis, and from the Turnpike Road on Uplyme Hill to the Turnpike Road at The Three Ashes, in the Parish of Crewkerne, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned.

[16th May 1800.]

[* 32 Geo. 2. c. 43; 10 Geo. 3. c. 59.]

Cap. xxix.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second and ths twentieth-Year of the Reign of his present Majesty*, so far as the same relate to repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Ripon, by Ingram Bank, to the Town of Pateley Bridge, in the County of York.

[16th May 1800.]

[* 29 Geo. 2. c. 83; 28 Geo. 3. c. 86.]

Cap. xxx.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty*, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Town of Denbigh to the Town of Saint Asaph, and from thence to the Town and Port of Ruthland, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint; and for repealing an Act, made in the thirty second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second*, so far as the same relates to the said Road.

[16th May 1800.]

[* c. 30.]

[* c. 55.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and altering the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty*, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge in the County of Flint.

[16th May 1800.]

[* 30 Geo. 2. c. 69; 19 Geo. 3. c. 109.]

[See post. c. lxvi.]

Cap. xxxii.

An Act for repealing an Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign*, intituled, An Act for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Aberdeen; and for the more effectually amending, widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair the said Roads, and other Roads in the said County, and for levying a Conversion Money in lieu of the Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County.

[30th May 1800.]

[This Act to continue for twenty-one Years from the first Thursday in June 1800.]

[* 35 Geo. 3. c. 161 repealed.]

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act for draining, improving, and preserving the Low Lands and Grounds within the Townships of Croston, Mawdesley, Rufford, Bispham, Tarleton, and Bretherton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[16th May 1800.]

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of so much of two Acts made in the twenty-ninth and thirty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, as

486 C. xxxv - xli. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

relates to the Road from Perth to Cupar, or the Neighbourhood thereof, towards Glammis, as far as the Confines of the said County.

[30th May 1800.]

[29 Geo. 3. c. 17. (explaining 25 Geo. 3. c. 13,) 33 Geo. 3. c. 158.]

[This Act to Continue during the Term of the recited Acts.]

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint John Hampstead in the County of Middlesex.

[30th May 1800.]

Cap. xxxvi.

---

An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal to raise Money for completing the said Canal, and to vary the Line of the said Canal, and to alter, explain, and amend, the Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty*, for making the said Canal.

[30th May 1800.]

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act to enable the Dearne and Dove Canal Company to finish and complete the said Canal, and the several Collateral Cuts branching therefrom; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty*, for making and maintaining the said Canal and Collateral Cuts; and for encreasing the Tolls thereby granted.

[30th May 1800.]

[* c. 78.]

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for altering and amending an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty*, for making and maintaining the Peak Forest Canal; and for granting to the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal further and other Powers.

[30th May 1800.]

[* c. 117.]

Cap. xxxix.

An Act for enabling the Huddersfield Canal Company to finish and complete the Huddersfield Canal; and so amending the Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty*, for making and maintaining the said Huddersfield Canal.

[30th May 1800.]

[* c. 53,]

[By §23. of this Act, the Huddersfield Canal Company may be indicted at the Sessions for not making Roads instead of those damaged by them, and any Fine imposed on the Company by the Sessions is to be applied in making and repairing the said Roads; such Indictments not to be removable by Certiorari. §24. The Company to pay the Costs. §25.]

Cap. xl.

An Act for amending and making more effectual an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty*, for embanking, draining, and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon, and in the Parishes of Doddington, March, Benwick, Wimblington, and Chatteris, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge; and for amending the Road from a certain Bridge in the Parish of Chatteris aforesaid, called Carter's Bridge, by a Drain called Vermuyden's, or The Forty Feet Drain, to a Bridge called The Forty Feet Bridge, in the said Parish of Ramsey; so far as the said Act relates to embanking the Lands therein described, called by the Name of The Upper District or Division.

[30th May 1800.]

[* c. 26.]

Cap. xli.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty*, for building a Bridge across the River Tawey, at a Place called The Wich Tree, in the Parish of Llansamlett, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Llangefelach, in the County of Glamorgan; for making proper Avenues or Roads to and from the said Bridge, and also for repairing and widening the Road from Pentre Brock, near a Place called Aberdwyberthy, in the Parish of Saint Johns, near Swansea, to the said intended Bridge.

[30th May 1800.]

[* c. 68.]

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. xlii. 487

Cap. xlii.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution two several Acts, passed in the thirty-fifth and thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill, and for raising, on the Credit of the Orphans' Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes; and for explaining and amending the said Acts.

[30th May 1800.]

[35 Geo. 3. c. 126; 38 Geo. 3. C. lxi.]

---

35 Geo. 3.0.116,*

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill, and for raising on the Credit of the Orphans, Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes \ by which Act the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, were empowered to borrow and raise in the Manner therein expressed, the Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds upon the Credit of the Fund therein described or mentioned, called The Orphans* Fund, to be applied to the Purposes of the said Act: And whereas an 3* G.co, 3*

Act was passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to explain, amend, and c*

enlarge the Powers of the before-mentioned Act: And whereas, considerable Progress hath been made in carrying the said Acts into Execution, whereby the Entrance into the said City at Temple Bar hath been greatly improved: And whereas, in forming the original Estimate of the Expences of effecting the said Improvements, sufficient Allowances were not made for the subsequent Depreciation of the Bonds and Securities which by the first recited Act were directed to be given, for securing the Monies thereby authorised to be borrowed; nor were adequate Allowances made for the Sums paid and to be paid in several unforeseen cases, as Compensations for Good-Will, Losses, and Damages, to Persons occupying or being interested in Houses or other Hereditaments, by the said Acts authorised to be purchased; and in the said Estimate Credit was taken for the Monies to be received by Sale of the Ground Rents, and the Reversion, Freehold, and Inheritance of so many Houses, or such Parcels of the Buildings, Lands, Hiene- mems, and Hereditaments by the said Acts authorised to be purchased and taken out of the Streets, as should not be afterwards laid into the Streets, or otherwise appropriated to publick Use; but it being found expedient that the said Improvements to be made at Temble Bar and Snow Hill aforesaid, should be carried on at both Places at one and the same Time, the last mentioned Monies, which will amount to a very considerable Sum, cannot be obtained by such Sale until all the Purchases yet remaining to be made pursuant to the said Acts shall be actually made; for which Reasons the Fund created by the first herein- before recited Act, is found, to be inefficient for completing the said Improvements: And whereas, if the Land Tax charged upon the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments purchased and to be purchased for the said Improvements, were redeemed according to the Statutes lately made and provided concerning the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax, such Redemption would be highly beneficial not only to the Estate so intended to be sold as aforesaid, but ultimately to the Funds provided and to be provided for carrying on the said Improvements: And whereas, the said Fund called The Orphans, Fund was established by an Act passed in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary Ay intituled,

[W.&M, c. 10.]

An Act for Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, for the Purposes therein expressed \ which said Fund, and the Receipts and Disbursements thereof, are under the Management and Direction of the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City of London; and by feve- rai AvSIs passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in [2I Geo. 2.

the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the several Provisions lor supporting the said Fund c. 29; 7 Geo. 3. 4 have been continued and augmented, and the Whole of the Rates and Charges applicable to the said c. 37.]

Fund, from the Time of passing the iaft mentioned Avft, are to remain and continue until the twenty- ninth Day of September which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and thirty-one*

when some of the said Rates and Duties are to cease, but the Sum often thousand Pounds per Annum by the said Acts of Parliament, or some of them, charged upon and made payable out of the Revenues of and be-? longing to the said City of London, and certain other of the Rates and Charges therein also mentioned, are thereby continued ufttil the Principal Monies charged upon the said Orphans* Fund, together with Interest for the same shall be paid oft' and annihilated: And whereas the Income of the said F und has for several Years past so much increased as to afford a reasonable Probability, that if the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, were enabled to raise the Sum of thirty-thousand Pounds, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act, upon the Credit of the Surpluses to arise from the said Fund, such Surpluses will be amply sufficient to pay off such further Charge, as well as the Interest on the aforesaid Sum of sixty thousand Pounds, until redeemed in Manner herein after mentioned, together with the Whole of the Debt and Sums of Money already charged thereon, previous to the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and thirty-one: And whereas it is expedient that the said Mayor,

Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, should be empowered to raise and borrow upon the Credit of the said Fund called The Orphans' Fund the further Sum of thirty thousand Pounds, and upon the Credit of the Monies to arise by Sale of the Ground Rents and Estates to V be sold by them, in pursuance and by virtue of the said two recited A<Rs and of this Act, the further Sum of sixty thousand Pounds, to enable them to carry on and complete the said Improvements and redeem the

488 C. xlii. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

said Land Tax, and to be by them applied accordingly: But as the same cannot be done without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; therefore, upon the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled,* may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted, &c.

Common Council empowered to raise 30,000l. more upon the Credit of the Orphans* Fund, and also €i 6o,oooo/. on the Credit of that Fund and of the Monies, to arile by Sale of Ground Rents, £sV. Contri-41 butors to be entitled to redeemable Annuities, to commence from July $, 1800. Common Council to cause Bonds, or other Securities, to be given for such Annuities, assignable by Indorsement. § z."

The Cretans* fund charged with such An-Baltic t.

Future Surpluses of the said Fund how 4D be employed*

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Fund called The Orphans’ Fund shall be, and the same is hereby charged and made chargeable with the Annuities which shall be payable in respect of the said Sums of thirty thousand Pounds and sixty thousand Pounds, to be borrowed and raised under or by virtue of this Act, subject nevertheless and without Prejudice to the Payment of the Interest on the Principal Debts remaining due to the Orphans and other Creditors of the said City, and to the Payment of the several Annuities which are or shall be payable in respect of the several Principal Sums borrowed and raised upon the Credit of the said Fund, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament already passed and now in force.

IV. And be it further enacted, That out of the future Surpluses of the said Orphans’ Fund (after lefenr-ing so much Money as shall be sufficient to satisfy the Interest payable from Time to Time to the Orphans and other Creditors of the said City, as also to satisfy the Annuities and yearly Interest payable from Time to Time in respect of the several other Principal Sums raised and borrowed by virtue or under the Authority of the several Acts of Parliament already passed for this Purpose, and now in force,) the Annuities payable and to be payable in respect of the said Sums of thirty thousand Pounds and sixty thousand Pounds, authorised and directed to be raised and borrowed under and by virtue of this present Act, shall be paid, from Time to Time, as the same shall grow due, before any Part of such Surplusses shall be applied in Redemption of the Annuities and the Payment of the Principal Monies already charged upon the said Fund, and that the Residue of such Surplusses, after such Payments, as by any Act or Acts of Parliament already passed, and now in force, are directed to be made out of the same, shall be paid and satisfied, shall, from Time to Time, by Order of the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City of London, (which Order the said Court are hereby authorised and directed to make,) be by the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being applied towards the Redemption of all and Angular the Annuities to be payable in respect of the said Sum of thirty thousand Pounds, in such Order and Course as the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall think fit.

Upon Notice of Redemption of Annuities and Tender of the Monies, the Annuities to cease. J 5. 44 Deficiencies to be paid out of the Chamber of London. §6."

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Sums of thirty thousand Pounds and sixty thousand Pounds, or so much thereof respectively as shall be so raised as aforesaid, after Payment thereout of the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, (and which Expences it (half be lawful to retain and pay accordingly,) shall be applied for or towards the Purposes of the said recited Acts of the thirty-fifth and thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty and of this Act, and that no Part thereof shall be applicable or applied to or for any other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever; and that if any Surplus shall remain of the said Sum of thirty thousand Pounds and sixty thousand Pounds, over and above what shall be applied to the Purposes aforesaid, such Surplus shall be appropriated and applied for or towards the Increase of the said Or* phans* Fuijd.

The Monty to be raised and Arrowed under this Act shall he applitd only for the Purposes of the two recited Acts and erf this Act, and the Surplus thereof, if any, to go -towards the Increase of the Orphans’ Fund.

The Montes to *rile from such Sates to be applied in redeeming the Annuities to be granted in re-iptdl of the said Sum of sixty thousand Pounds, m order to exonerate the Orphans’ Fund therefrom,

-ind the Surplus

The Corporation answirable m jifz of a»y

Common Council enabled to sell the Ground Rents and Reversion of such Parcels of the Land, purchased and to be purchased, and taken from the Streets under the two recited Acts, as shall not be ap-4< propriated to publick Ule. The Receipts of the Chamberlain, to be sufficient Discharges for the 4i Purchase Monies. §8."

IX. And be it also enacted, That the clear Monies which shall from Time to Time arise and be produced from or by Means of such Sales as aforesaid, and which shall remain after Payment of the Cells and Charges incident to such Sales respectively, shall, from Time to Time, by Order of the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City of London, (which Order the said Court are hereby authorised and directed to make,) be, by the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being, applied and disposed of in or towards /^deeming the Annuities to be granted in respect of the said Sum of sixty thousand Pounds, to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall respectively belong, so far as the Monies to arise by such Sales shall extend, to the Intent that the said Orphans’ Fund may be thereby exonerated from the same Annuities, or from such or so much of the same respectively as the Monies to arise by such Sales shall be found sufficient to redeem, pay off, and discharge; and that if any Surplus of the said Monies, to arise by Sale as aforesaid, shall remain over and above what shall be necessary for the Purposes last herein-before mentioned, such Surplus shall be appropriated and applied for or towards the Increase of the said Orphans’ Fund.

(if any) of such Monies is to go towards the Increase of that Fund.

X. And be it further enacted, That if the said Sums of thirty thousand Pounds and sixty thousand Pounds, or either of them, or any Part thereof respectively, shall happen to be inifepplied or converted to any other

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. xlii—xlvii. 489

Use than as aforesaid, by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Misapplication Council assembled, or by the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the said City for the Time t!cr^for being, or any of their Officers, or any other Person or Persons acting under Colour of any Warrant, ' c 1 Power, or Authority, by, from, or under them respectively, then and in such Case the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successorr, shall be answerable for the same, out of the Revenue of the said Corporation, in any Action to be brought by any of the Creditors of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or their Successors, claiming under or by virtue of any of the Acts of Parliament herein-before mentioned, or by the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of any of such Creditors; which said Sum and Sums so recovered shall be applied to the same Uses as the Monies so misapplied or converted should or might have been applied to, if such Misapplication had not happened, except that the Costs of Suit shall be deduced and retained thereout, in the first place, for the Benefit of him, her, or them, so suing.

tc Disbursements to be included in the Chamberlain’s annual Accounts, presented to Parliament. § u.

This Act not to affect any of the City’s present Creditors. §12. Powers, &c. of the fir It recited Act

[Publick Act.]

extended to this Act. §13. §14."

---

Cap. xliii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from, or from near, Lightpill Gate, on the Road leading from Bath to Dudbridge, in the Parish of Rodborough, to join the Turnpike Road from Painswick to Cheltenham, at or near to Birdlip, in the Parishes of Brimpsfield and Cowley, or one of them, all in the County of Gloucester.

[30th May 1800.]

[To continue for twenty-one Years from the second Thursday after the passing thereof.]

Cap. xliv.

An Act for shutting up and discontinuing certain Roads and Foot Paths, leading through the Grounds of Sir Richard Brooke Baronet, in the Townships of Norton and Halton, in the Parish of Runcorn, and County Palatine of Chester, and for making and maintaining other Roads instead thereof.

[30th May 1800.]

Cap. xlv.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty*, for repairing and widening the Roads from Chapel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham to Newhaven, and from the Four Lane Ends, near Oakerthorpe, to Ashborne, and from the Cross Post on Wirksworth Moor, to join the Road leading from Chesterfield to Chapel-en-le-Frith, at or near Longston, in the County of Derby, and from Selfton to Annesley Woodhouse, in the County of Nottingham.

[30th May 1800.]

[* 32 Geo. 2. c. 38; 20 Geo. 3. c. 74.]

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the Road from a Place called The Stone Pillar or Cross Hand, in the Parish of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, to or near to a Bridge called Knox Bridge, in the Parish of Westerleigh, in the County of Gloucester, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties of Wilts and Gloucester.

[30th May 1800.]

[This Act to continue for twenty-one Years from the first Meeting of the Trustees. - 18 Geo. III. c. 103. and 19 Geo. III. C. 118. repealed as to the Roads mentioned in this Act.]

Cap. xlvii.

An Act for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Pore of London.

[20th June 1800.]

---

WHEREAS, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue within the Port of London, it is expedient that good and sufficient Wet Docks and Basons, with proper Cuts, Sluices, and Outlets, should be made and established, under proper Regulations, in convenient Situations, within the Port of London, and as near as may be to the City of London and Seat of Commerce, with legal Quays and Wharfs attached thereto, for the Reception and Discharge of loaded Ships

and other Vessels* And whereas the several Persons herein after named have entered into a Subscription to raise a certain Sum as a Joint Stock or Fund, for the Purposes aforesaid, and for carrying into Execution

and completing the several Works he rein-after mentioned:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted: and be it hereby enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That [the Subscribers named], and their several Executors, Ad- Subscribcra, &c. ministrators, and Assigns, and all and every other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or created a Joint Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, who shall, according to the Conditions and Restrictions St£kCn^P4K7 herein after set forth, bepoflelled of any Part of the said Joint Stock, their several and respective Executors, Dock

Administrators, and Assigns, {so long as they shall hold the same and no longer,) and they and their Executors,

- company. 39 & 40 Geo. III.

[jhoc. iff Per.]

490 C. xlvii. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Administrators, and Assigns, (holding iiich Shares in the said Stock as aforesaid,) shall have full Power and Authority from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, to order and direct the making, completing, supporting, altering, amending, and continuing such one or more Bason or Basons, Dock or Docks, with Quays and Wharfs adjoining and appertaining thereto respectively $ and also all such Docks, Slips, Sluices, Culverts, Drains, Bridges, Roads, Streets, tyid Communications with or into the River Thames; and also the building of proper Piers in the said River for the Entrance of Ships into or out of the Dock or Docks, Bason or Batons, at or near The Hermitage Dock, also at or near the River Side between Bell Dock and Wapping Old Stairs, also at or near Shadwell Dock* so that the said Piers do not project more than thirty Feet from the present Bank of the River, and so as not to injure the Navigation of the said River; and also the making such Coffer Dams, Batterdeaux, CaifTons, or other Devices, within the Tideway of the River Thames, as they may think necessary and proper for keeping the W^ter from the said Lock or Locks, Pier or Piers, or other Works, while the same are building or repairing, and no longer; and also the erecting and making such Buildings, Steam Engines, or other Machines, Works, Requisites, Matters, and Things, within the Limits herein after mentioned, as they shall think proper, to artfwer the intent and ' Meaning of this Act; and shall, for those Purposes, be a Joint Stock Company, by the Name and Description of The London Dock Company.

"Sums subscribed and paid, to be a Common Stock; to be deemed Personal Estate. §2. Proprietors empowered to sell and transfer their Stock. §3. No Persons answerable beyond Amount of their respective Stock. §4. Stock not to be liable to Attachment according to Custom of the City of London. §5. Instalments entitled to Interest not exceeding 5 per Cent. §6. Company to make Dividends on Stock. §7. No Dividends to exceed the Profits accrued, nor to exceed 10 per Cent. The Surplus to be applied in Improvements, or lowering the Rates of Tonnage. 3. Qualification of Voters at General Meetings, viz. 500l. and under 1000l. one Vote—1000l. and under 5000l. two Votes—5000l. and under 10,000l. three Votes—10,000l. and upwards, four Votes, (in other Refoeds as under §52 & 39 Geo. III. Cap. lxix.) §9. Two General Courts to be held yearly. §10. Qualification to vote by twelve Months* Possession of Stock, (after twelve Months from passing the Act,) of which Oath to be made at every Ballot. §11. Oath. The Company may increase their Stock, so as not in the Whole to exceed 1,000,000l. (See §22.) §12. Directors empowered to audit Accounts of Receivers; and to make Calls on Proprietors, not exceeding 10l. per Cent. Limitation of Periods of such Calls (two Months). Persons neglecting to comply with such Calls, to forfeit five per Cent, and may be sued for their respective Shares by the Company; and if so neglecting for two Calendar Months, may be either so sued, or at the Option of the Directors shall forfeit all their Share and Interest in the said Undertaking in favour of the Rest of the Proprietors. §13. No Advantage to be taken of any Forfeiture until Notice; nor unless same be declared forfeited at a General Meeting. Persons forfeiting indemnified against Actions subsequent thereto. §14. Representatives of Proprietors before Call (no Provision being made by Deceased for the same) charged therewith as Debts; but on Refusal or Neglect to answer such Call, Company empowered to admit other Persons as Proprietors in their Stead, on Repayment of all Monies advanced by such deceased Proprietors. §15. First Meeting of the Company to be at the Merchants Seamen’s Office, on publick Notice thereof in the Gazette, &V. Twenty-one must be present. Subsequent Meetings (except Adjournments of first Meeting) to be within the City of London, or the Liberty of the Tower Hamlets. No Meeting held at less than six Days* Notice, both Days inclusive, §16. The Company may make Bye Laws, in their General Courts. §17. Any nine Proprietors may request extraordinary General Meetings to be called by Notice to the Clerk or Treasurer. § rS."

Annual Ap-

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall, at their first or some subsequent Meeting,

pointment of within two Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, and in the like Manner annually afterwards, on Chairman, De- the first Wednesday in the Month oijnly in every Year, nominate and appoint, by Ballot, twenty-four Ptr-puty Chairman, fons, of and out of the Proprietors of the said Company, who shall be respectively possessed of at least one and 34 Direct- thousand pounds of the Capital of the said Stock, to be Directors and Managers of the Concerns of the said Lo*cnviivor^or Company for one Year, together with the Lord Mayor of the City of London for the Time being, who as the Time Conservator of the River Thames shall be a Director of the said Company though not a Subscriber; which biing. said Directors Qiall choose and elect from among themselvesa Chairman and Deputy Chairman, and who also

shall and may meet at such Places within the City of London, or the Parishes and Places within the Jurisdiction of his Majesty's Tower Hamlets, and at such Time or Times, as the major Part of such Directors so assembled, not being less than thirteen, shall deem convenient for carrying on the Purposes of this Act; and such Director or Directors dial continue until the next annual Court, and until another or others shall be chofcnin his or their Steads, unless any such Director or Directors respectively shall die, be removed, or dispose of his or their Capital or Interest in the said Stock, so as to reduce the lame under the said Sum of. one thousand Pounds; in any of which Cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the next General Meeting of the said Company, ordinary or extraordinary, to nominate and appoint, by Ballot, a new or other Director, or new or other Directors, in the Room of such Director or Directors so dying, being removed, or having disposed of his or their said Stock, for the Remainder of the said Year 3 and so from Time to Time as Occasion may require.

"If the Chairman or Deputy shall not attend, a Chairman shall be appointed for that Meeting. §20. Five of 4‘ the Directors to be a Quorum at their Meetings. Questions to be decided bya Majority, or the Chairman’s 44 carting Vote. §21. In Case the Capital of 1,200,000l. shall not be raised, or found sufficient, Company may borrow a Sum not exceeding 300,000l. and may aifigu the Rates as a Security; and the Money so borrowed

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. xlvii. 491

"shall be applied in completing the Docks. §22. Entries of such Alignments to be made by the V Company’s Clerk; and Alignments transferable by Indorsement. Indorsement to be notified and en*

Ci tered within twelve Days by the Clerk. No Entry required if Security shall not exceed 100l.; but may pass by Indorsement of Aflkmee’s Name only. §23. Interest on Monies borrowed to be paid half-yearly in Preference to the Dividends. §,24. Company empowered to make Dock or Docks within the 46 Limits prescribed in the Parishes of St. Botolph Aldgate, Saint John Wapping, St. George Middlesex, and St. Paul's Shadwell, all within the Tower Hamlets and in Middlesex. §23. Company not to make €t Slips, tffc. for building or repairing Vessels; or be concerned in Ship-building, fcsV. §26.

[as under §72 ' 41 & 39 Geo. III. c. lxix.] Directors empowered to build and make a Wall round the Dock for unloading Ships, as also to inclose the Quays. No House to be built within thirty Feet of the said Wall on Penalty of 100l. and 50l. per Month. §27. Company empowered to supply the Docks, &c. with Water from the Thames. 28. To make Bridges and other Passages. §29. Company to cause Sewers and Drains to be arched over; and to build new ones under the Direction of the Commissioners of Sewers.

Such new Sewers to be vetted in and under the Direction of the Commissioners of Sewers. §30*

Power to purchase Land and to treat. §31. Limiting the Power of purchasing to five Years. §32.

Corporate or Collegiate Bodies, and incapacitated Persons enabled to fell. §33- When Parties refuseor are unable to treat, &c. five Directors may issue a Precept for impannelling a Jury, and proceeding ex-4< adtly as under §17 & 39 Geo. III. Cap. lxix. who are ,(6 be drawn as the Act of the third Year of King %< Geo. II. (r. 25.) directs. Jurymen may be challenged. Justices, on* Application of either Party, may direct -*4 a View of thd Premises. Jury to assess the Value on Oaths. Verdict of the Jury, &c. to be final, pre-*4 vious Notice being given to the Parties interested. If the Sum assessed shall not exceed the Sum offered,

the Cotts of such Aneflment, iffe. to be paid by such Body Politick, &c. 1 and the Directors may retain the same, mit of the Sum so assessed. §34. The Justices at General or Quarter Sessions empowered to impose Fines, not exceeding ioA for Non-attendance of Sheriffs, Jury, Witnesses, &c. §35. On Payment or Tender of Money allowed for Lands, &c. purchased, the Vendors to execute a Conveyance to any thirteen Directors. In case of not making out Titles; or Refusal to execute Conveyances; or if Owners cannot be found; Purchase Money shall be inverted in 3 per Ccnt. Bank Annuities, in the «4 Name of the Accountant General, subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery, on Motion or Petition, on Behalf of the Claimants, f $£. And on such Payment the Estates purchased shall vest absolutely in the Company. §37. Company empowered to purchase Shadwell Waterworks for 50,000l. §38.

Money payable to Corporations or incapacitated Persons, if amounting to 200l. shall be paid into the Bank in the Accountant General's Name, subject to the Orders of the Court of Chancery, for the Benefit of the Parties entitled, f 39, Sums under 200l. and exceeding 20l. may be either so paid, or to two Trustees, at the Option of the Parties, their Guardians, &c. §40. Sums less than 20l. may be applied to the Use of the Parties entitled to Rents, &c. §41. Where any Question shall arise touching the Title to Money, paid into the Bank* thq Person who shall be in Possession of the Lands, at the Time of such Purchase, shall be deemed entitled thereto, according to such Possession, until the contrary is proved. §42. The Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Company. §43. Persons having any Right, &c. shall enter their Claims with the Clerk of the Peace for Middlesex within five Years; or be barredr §44.

[as under §26 & 39 Geo III. Cap. lxix.)—-But may recover the Purchase Money, (by Action of Debt, or for Money had and received, or by Bill in Equity,)

&c. from Persons receiving the same. §45. Tenants at Will. &fc. may be compelled to deliver rofleffion on six Months’ Notice. §46.

[as under % 28 & 39 Geo. III. Cap. lxix.]^-Mortgagees on Tender of Principal and Interest, to convey: On Refusal, Interest to cease. §47. The Company not to pay to Mortgagees more than the real Value of Premises. §48. Bargains and Sales to have the Force of Fines and Recoveries. $ 49. Upon Payment of Principal and Interest due to Mortgagees into the Bank,

Premises to vest in the Company. §50. All Monies to be paid or tendered before any Use made of the Premises. §51. Penalty of Perjury on -giving false Evidence. §52. Directors may fell, let, or exchange Estates, with Preference to original Owners. §53. Docks to be completed in seven Years.

Their Depth to be within fifteen Inches of Low Water Mark. §54. As settled by two Elder Brothers of the Trinity House. §55."

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the said London Dock Company shall have full Power and Au- Empowering thority, by their Servants, Agents, and Workmen, tu enter on and deepen and scour out the Beach and the Dock Coen* Bed of the River Thames-, a/id forever after maintain and preserve the Depth so made from the Locks, Piers, the Bed of°t he or other Works at the Entrance from the River to the said Docks at Shadwell Dock, Bell Docky and Her- River, and pre-mitage Dock* so as to admit Vessels navigating or entering into the said Basons and Docks from the said fervingittoa River Thames, with the same or a greater Depth of Water than is on the Sills of the Locks or Entrances to certain D^pth. the said Basons and Docks.

Company to make Sluices, &c.; and to repair and cleanse the Docks. §57. All Erections, &c. made,

to be vested in the Company; who are empowered to prosecute in case of Damages done to such Works.

4C §58 "

LIX. And be it further enacted, That, in Confederation of the great Charges and Expences which the Authorizing the making, building, erecting, and providing such Bason or Basons, Dock or Docks, Quays and Wharfs, Company to Sluices, Bridges, Roads and other Works, and the supporting, maintaining, and keeping the same in toke RatC5* Repair for the future, from and after Notice of the Completion of the said Dock or Docks shall be given by publick Advertisement in the London Gazette, and in two or more publick Morning Newspapers usually

49*

V

Rates.

How paid.

Exceptions.

Skips laden with Tobacco Rice (not the Product of the Ead or West Indies) Wine or Urandy, to unload their Cargoes at the Docks.

Vessels hiving on t*o:ird not more than 20 Pipe* ot Wine, 01 100 Barrels of Ric?—not comptl.abic to go into the Duties.

C. xlvii. Anno 39° & 40° Georgiy III. A.D. 1800.

circulated in London, there shall be payable and paid to the said Company, or to their Collectors or Deputies, for their Use, for every Ship or Vessel on entering into the said Basons, Docks, or Cuts, or any or either of them, by the Master or Commander, Owner or Owners, of every such Ship or other Vessel, the several Rates or Duties, according to the Register Tonnage of the said Ship or Vessel herein after particularly rated and described'; (that is to say),

First Class — For every Ship or Vessel, including Colliers trading Coastwise between the Port of London and any Port or Place in Great Britain, Orkney, Shetland\ or the Western Blands of Scotland, for every Ton, one Shilling.

Second Class — To or from Ireland, the Isle of Man, Guernsey, Jersey, the Coast of France, from JJJhant to Dunkirk, the Coast of Flanders, Holland, Germany, and Denmark, from Dunkirk to below Elfineur to the North Cape, for every Ton, one Shilling and three Pence.

Third Class — To or from Elfineur^ and to and from all Ports and Places whatsoever in the Baltick, Archangel, Onega, and all Ports and Places to the Eastward of the North Cape, for every Ton, one Shilling and Sixpence.

Fourth Class — To or from France to the Southward of UJhant, the Coasts of Spain and Portugal to the Northward of Cape Saint Vincents, Newfoundland, Madeira, the Canaries, the Azores, for every 1 on, one Shilling and nine Pence.

Fifth Class — To or from all Ports or Places in Europe to the Southward of Cape Saint Vincents, all Ports and Places within the Mediterranean, Africa, North America, South America, the Southern Whale Fishery, Hudson's Bay, for every Ton, two Shillings.

Sixth Class — To or from all Ports or Places in the East Indies, China, Persia, and to and from all other Ports or Places whatsoever not herein-before named, for every Ton, two Shillings and Sixpence.

Also, for every Article of Merchandize, whether subject to any Duty of Customs or not, and which shall be landed within the Dock Premises, there shall be collected and paid a Rate or Duty, not exceeding the Rate or Charge heretofore usually paid in the Port of London, for landing, loading, and housing of every such Article, during the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

Also, For every Article of Merchandize, whether subject to any Duty of Customs or not, and which shall be shipped within the Dock Premises, there shall be collected and paid a Rate or Duty, not exceeding the Rate or Charge heretofore usually paid in the Port of London, for shipping of every such Article, during the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

Which Rates and Duties shall be and are hereby vested in the said Company, as their own proper Monies, and to and for their qwn proper Use and Behoof 5 and shall be paid at the Time of such Ship’s or other Vessel’s Entry Inwards or Clearance Outwards.

LX. Provided a) ways, and be it enacted, That all Lighters and Craft entering into the Docks, Basons, or Cuts, to discharge or receive Ballad or Goods to or from on board any Ship or Ships, shall be exempted fronvany Rates or Duties.

Manner of recovering Rates. $. 61.

[The same as under §139 & 39 Geo. III. Cap. lxix.]—Persons eluding the Payment, to continue chargeable. j 62.

[The same as under f 140 & 39 Geo. III. Cap. lxix.]— u Tonnage or Admeasurement of Ships to be ascertained by the Ship’s Register; or in case of Dispute, c< then according to §14. of 26 Geo. III. Ca{>* 60. §63. Collectors, &c. to have Access to Registers of Ships at the Custom House. $64. Power to Collectors to measure, fsV. Ships and Vessels. Penalty on any Person obstructing such measuring, iAe* 10l. besides the Rates. §65. Custom House Officers not to discharge any Vessel before Duties paid, §66.

[tfi under §144 of 39. Geo. III. Cap. lxix.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That, for and during the Term of twenty-one Years, commencing from and next ensuing the Time when the said Dock or Docks, Quays or Wharfs, to be made and bu lt by the said Directors as aforesaid, shall be so far completed as to be tit and ready for the Reception of Ships and Landing of Goods, aH Ships and Vessels arriving in the said Port of London for Discharge, and laden with Tobacco, or with Rice not the Produce of the East or West Indies, or laden with Wine or Brandy not imported in Ships from the East or West Indies, shall unlade and land the Whole of their respective Cargoes within some or One of the said Docks, or on the Quays or Wharfs belonging thereto; and the Duties which shall be payable to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in respect of the said Cargoes, shall be ascertained at such Quays or Wharfs, and not elsewhere; and in case any such Goods or Merchandize shall at any Time or Times thereafter be landed in any other Place or Places than the said Quays or Wharfs, such Goods or Merchandize shall be forfeited to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and shall or may be lawfully seized accordingly by any of the Officers of the Customs or Excise, and disposed of according to Law; and the Owner or Owners or Mailer of any such Ship or Vessel shall for cvry such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered inlike Manner as other Penalties herein after mentioned.

LXVIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That if any such Ship or Vessel shall not have oq board more than twenty Pipes of Wine or Brandy, or of forty Hogsheads of either, or a Quantity of either not exceeding twenty Pipes or forty Hogsheads, or if any such Ship or Vessel shall not luve on board more than fifty Barrels or one hundred Half Barrels of Rice, then and in every such Case, such Ship or Vessel shall not be comptiled or compellable to unload or discharge such Wine, Brandy, or Rice, within the said Docks, but may unload or discharge the same at any other Place or Places within the Port of London± any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. xlvii. 493

LXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the Cargoes of such Ship or Vert'd (other than and except as before mentioned) shall consist of Fruit, as well as of Wine or Brandy, that then it shall and anyoatherrpiaCc may be lawful to and for any such Ship or Vessel (previous to their entering intq the said Docks for the Pur- previous to ad pose of unloading and discharging such Part of her Cargo as shall consist of Wine or Brandy) to unload and tering the difeharee such Part of her Cargo as, shall consist of Fruit, at any of the present legal Quays or other al- Docks, lowed Place or Places within the Port of London; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

If at any Time Ships laden as above carmot be admitted into the Docks, three Commissioners of the Customs may authorize the Cargoes of those Ships to be landed at other legal Quays. §70.

[as under §89 & 39 Geo. III. Cap. lxix.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Ships and Vessels delivering Part of their Cargoes at the Vessels deliver-Docks or on the Quays or other Landing Places in the Isle of Dogs, and Part thereof at the Docks or on the Part °* Quays by this Act directed to be made, shall pay a rateable Part of the Dues payable under the Act passed in the last Session of Parliament for making the said Docks and other Works in the said Isle of Dogs, and the Quays* or under this present Act, at each of the said Docks, in the Proportion that the Quantity of Goods or

other Landin*;

Merchandize so discharged or unloaded at each of the said Docks bears to the Register Tonnage of the Ship; Places in the and for the Purpose of ascertaining the aforesaid Proportion of Tonnage, and the Quantity of the Goods or Isle of Dogs, Merchandize so partially discharged, the Collector of the Dues at the Isle of Dogs (if required) shall make [xixO and out and deliver to the Collector of the Dues at the Docks by this Act directed to be made, of other Person part at the n duly authorised by the said London Dock Company, Certificates under his Hand of the Tonnage of the en- Docks, Ac, ditire Cargo as near as may be, and of all Goods and Merchandize so partially landed from all and every the by this

Ships or Vessels landing the same, containing an Account of the Quantities and Species thereof \ and the ^a!1 Tax

Amount of the Dues paid in respect thereof, shall be paid upon such Goods to be ascertained by the Landing ^r®t^8r^®n‘ Waiter’s Book. der each act.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Act or Acts of Parliament, or Part or Parts thereof, as prohibit or anyhow prevent the Entrance of any Ship or Vessel into any Wet Dock in the said River Thames^ (except such Ships or Vessels as are or shall be bound by Law to enter particular Docks,) shall be and are hereby repealed and absolutely made void,

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Things whatsoever, which shall be landed or Chipped upon or from the Quays or Wharfs intended to be built in or near to the said Docks, or any of them* (had be subject and liable to such and the like Tolls, Duties, Dues, and Customs, as if the same were landed upon or shipped from the present legal Quays within the City of London, or as if the same intended Quays or Wharfs were situated within the said City, except in such Cases as are herein after specified.

Directors empowered to appoint Clerks, Treasurers, and other Officers, taking Security, and allowing them Salaries. §74. Directors empowered to make Regulations for Clerks and Officers; and may repeal, amend, and alter the same; and may fix Penalties for Non-observance, not exceeding 40l. Rules, Orders, &c. to be printed and distributed. Penalties to be levied by Distress and Sale, by Warrant of two Justices of Middlesex. §75. Rules subject to the Controul of the Company, who may inspect, of alter, or annul, any of them. §76. Penalty on breaking or extinguishing Lamps, &c. 40;* or one Calendar Month’s imprisonment. §.77."

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors, or any thirteen or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and required from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to nominate and appoint a proper Person or Persons to be Dock Master or Dock M afters, and to remove, suspend, or dismiss the same; which Dock Master or Dock Masters shall have full Power and Authority to direct the mooring, unmooring, moving^ or removing of all Ships and Vessels, Lighters and Craft, coming into, lying, or being in the said Bason or Basons, Dock or Docks, or Cuts, or any of them, either as tathe Time or Times, and Manner of their Entrance into, lying in, or going out of the same, and their Postion, loading, and discharging the rein, and the Time or Times of opening or shutting the several Gates thereof; and in case the Owner, Master, Pilot, Servant, or other Person having the Care of any Ship or other Vessel, shall refuse or neglect to moor, unmoor, move, or remove the same according, to such Direction, within twelve Hours-after Notice to him or them given in Writing, or left with some Person or Persons on board the said Ship or Vessel for that Purpose, that then it shall be lawful for the said. Dock Master or Dock Mailers, or his and their Assistants, and he and they is and are hereby required to moor, unmoor, move, or remove such Ship or Vessel, and the Charges and Ex peaces thereof respectively shall be repaid, together with the Sum often Pounds for each Offence, by the Mailer or Owner of fuctv Ship or Vessel, and may be recovered by the said Company of the Owner of such Ship or Vessel, in case? of Non-payment thereof on Demand, by such Ways and Means as Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act to be recovered; which said Penalty, when recovered, shall be paid over to the Uses herein after mentioned; and in case any Master, Commander, Mate, Pilot, or other Person or Persons having the Command of any Ship or other Vessel, or the Owner, Agent, Consignee, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, shall obstruct or hinder the mooring, unmooring, moving, or removing of any. Ship or other Vessel, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after declared

All Acti prohibiting the Entrance of Ships into Wet Docks repealed.

Goods landed on the Quays and Wharfs of the new Docks liable to the same Tolls, &c. as at the City Quays.

Thirteen Directors may appoint a Dock Master.

His Power.

Penalty agalrf? Proprietors 01: Vessel causing Obstructons*.

1 cl.

494

For regulating the Moorings of Ships and Vessels.

Jdghters and Craft to be under Regulation ,of Dock Mailers.

For keeping the Entrance to the Docks clear*

combustible Matter to be removed within twelve Hours:

In case it canned be removed within that Time, the Proprietors thereof <o maintain Watchmen.

Penalty of »ol.

To prevent Nuisances in the Fafon and Docks, &c.

l imber not to remain in the Dock more than forty-eight Hour*.

C. xlvii. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That as soon as the said intended Dock or Docks are so far^ompleted as to admit Ships, Vessels, or Craft to enter therein, no Ship or other Vessel or Vessels shall lie within the Distance of U'O hundred Yards of the Entrances of the said Dock, unless it is for the Purpose of coming in or going out of the Dock, so that at all Times the Entrance may be kept clear and without Obstruction; and over this Space the Dock Master shall have Controul so far as relates to the placing or transporting Ships and Vessels coming in or going out of the Dock 5 any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That all Lighters, Craft, and Boats entering into or going out of the intended Lighter Docjc, out of or into the River Thames at the Hermitage Docky or imothe Wet Docks, Basons, or Cuts, or any of them, shall be under the Command and Contn ul of the said Dock Master or Dock Masters, and his or their Attiftan't or Assistants, as to the Time or Times of going in or out of the said Docks* Basons, and Cuts, or any of them, and as to their Postion within the lame, under the Penalty of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of twenty Shillings, or of any Sum, at the Discretion of the fai«i Directors, not exceeding the Sum of twenty Shillings.

LXXXI. And for the better making and preserving a free and clear Passage and Entrance from the River Thames into and out of the said Docks, for all Ships, Vessels, Lighters, Barges, Craft, and Boats of every Description,’ be it further enacted, That no Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge, Craft, or Boat, of arty Description whatsoever, shall lie across in, or in any Way obstruct any of the Entrances or Passages into or from any of the said Docks, Basons, or Cuts, or shall lie at the Tier commonly called or known by the Name of Hermitage Tier% except only such Ships, Vessels, Lighters, Barges, Craft, and Boats, of whatever Defection, as shall have come out of, or are intended to go into the said Dock*, under the Penalty of five Pounds, for every such Offence.

#c Vessels not to land Goods in the Docks, at other Places than Quays and Landing Places, on Penalty *4 of 1001.

[as under $ 98 of Geo. III. c. lxix.j §82."

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Tar, Pitch, Rosin, Hemp, Flax, Faggots, Furze, Brandy, or other Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Oil, Hay, Straw, Tallow Grease, Shavings of Wood, or combustible Matter whatsoever of any Kind, shall be (uttered to be or remain on the Quays or Wharfs aforesaid, or any Part thereof, or upon the Deck Qf any Ship or other Vessel in the said Basons or Docks, Cuts or other Works, or any of them, above the Space of Twelve Hours after patting the Custom House Officers; and that in case such Goods, Matters, or Things cannot be conveniently removed therefrom by Day-light, that then and in every such Case the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Matters, or Things rdpeblively, if on the Quays and Wharfs, or the Commander, Master, or Mate on board any Ship or Vessel, shall be obliged, and are hereby required to set and maintain, at their own Expence, a sufficient Number of careful and sober Persons to guard and watch over the same, for such and so many Hours, according to the Season of the Year, as the said Dock Master or Dock Masters, or his or their Assistants, shall direct or appoint; and in case the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Matters, or other Things^ or the Commander, Master, or Mate of any Ship or other, Vessel, shall make Default herein, by neglecting the same, then and in that Case the said Dock Master or Dock Masters, or his or their Assistants, shall set and appoint such sufficient Number of careful Persons as may be requisite to watch and guard over the same, at the Expence of the said Owner or Owners of such Goods, or Ship or Ships, and every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds, exclusive or the full Charges of watching and attending the same.

" Directors empowered to scour the Basons, &c. remove Wrecks, &V. §84."

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall throw, cast, or put any Ballast, Earth, Dust, Ashes, Stones, or other Things, i nto or upon any of the Works to be made in pursuance of this Act, to the Prejudice thereof, or do any other Annoyance to the same, or any Part thereof, and Complaint being made thereof upon Oath, by any of the said Directors, or their Clerk or other Officer, or any other Person, the same shall be examined into and determined by two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex; and they are hereby authorised Jo impose upon the Offender or Offenders (other than and except as is next herein-afeer mentioned) such Fine or Fines, not exceeding five Pounds for each Offence, as they the said Justices shall think reasonable; and in case any Owner or Owners, Master or Commander, Seaman or Servant, of or belonging to any Ship or other Vessel, shall be guilty of any of the said Offences, upon Proof thereof, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses before any of the said Justices, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for each Offence, forfeit to the said Company the Sum of five Pounds; and in case of Non-payment of such last mentioned Forfeiture for the Space of three Days after the same shall be demanded, it shall be lawful for such Justices by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy the same, together with the Costs and Charges incident thereto, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Owner, Master, or Commander, Seaman or Servant, or other Person or Persons so offending, or of the Tackle, Apparel, or Furniture of or belonging to such Ship or Vessel, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Person whose Goods or other Things shall be fodistrained; and iffufRcient Distress cannot be found, then it shall be lawful for such Justices, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Calendar Month, unless foonet discharged.

[check point]

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Wood or Timber which (halt be delivered in any of the Works to be made by virtue of this Act, shall be permitted to be or remain therein for a longer Time than forty-eight Hours after the Delivery thereof, and in case the same shall not be removed before the Expiration

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. xlvii. 495

of that Time* the Owner or Owners thereof shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Hour the same shall remain after the Expiration of the said forty-eight Hours.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons whomsoever shall wilfully or maliciously cut, break, or in any Manner destroy any Rope or other Thing, by which any Ship or other Vessel lying in the said Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, or Cuts, shall be moored or fattened, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds nor less than five Pounds: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall hinder or restrairt the Dock Master or Dock Masters, to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, or his or their Assistance or Assistants, from exercising, in a due and reasonable Manner, any of the Powers or Authorities hereby vetted in them,

LXXXVIII. And, for preventing Accidents by Fire in the said Docks or Basons, or Cuts or other Works,’ be it further enacted, That no Person whomsoever shall have or keep, or cause to be had or kept, any Fire, Candle, or Lamp, lighted on board any Ship or other Vessel within the same, at any Time or Times whatsoever between the twenty-ninth Day of September and the twenty-fifth Day of March in every Year, after the Hour of Seven in the Evening or before the Hour of Seven in the Morning, nor at arty Time or Times whatsoever between the twenty-fifth Day of March and the Twenty*ninth Day of September in every Year after the Hour of Eight in the Evening or before the Hour of five in the Morning, upon pain of forfeiting for every Offence the Sum of five Pounds.

LXXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such Person whafhafl have or keep, or cause to be had or kept, any Fire, Candle, or Lamp lighted on board any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, cannot be discovered, then and in such case the Matter, or Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel* shall be, and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the aforesaid Penalty of five Pounds.

Penalty again/!* destroying the Ropes of Vessels, from aok to 5J.

Regulations for preventing Accidents by Fire*

Penalty 5l.

Masters and Owners liable to-' the Penalty.

Bell to be rung to put out Lights, fcfr. §90." -

XCI. And be it further enacted, That no Pitch, Tar, Rofiif, Turpentine, Oil, or ether combustible Matter, shall at any Time hereafter be boiled or heated on board any Ship or other Vessel, Lighter, Craft, or Boat lying in the said Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, or Cuts or other Works, or any of them, nor in any Place or Places within the said Dock Premises, or Cuts, except in such Place or Places, and in such Manner as shall be specially appointed by the said Directors, or any Thirteen or more of them, for that Purpose; nor shall any Gunpowder or loaded Gun whatever be brought into the said Docks, Basons, or Cuts, or be suffered to remain on board any Ship, or any other Vessel, upon pain that every Master, Commander, or Owner of every Ship or Vessel so offending in Manner as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every Offence the Sum of five Pounds.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That all Ships or Vessels going into the said Dock or Bason, Docks or Basons, or Cuts, or any of them, shall and may lie there to unload, on paying the above Rates, for the Space of six Weeks to be computed from the Time of going into the same; and all such Ships or Vessels shall be liable to, and actually pay, if so required, an increased or further Weekly Rent of one Farthing per Ton, during two Weeks, and from and after the Expiration of the said two Weeks, shall pay, if so required, a still further Rate of one Halfpenny per Ton for each and every Week that the said Ship or other Vessel shall continue there longer; and that the said Dock Master or Dock Masters shall, and they are hereby authorised and directed, upon giving five Days previous Notice in Writing to the Masters or Owners thereof respectively, to order out all light Ships, and such as are unfit for Service, whenever the same shall incumber the said Bason or Dock, Batons or Docks, or Cuts, or any of them, or impede the Business thereof; and all and every such Dock Master or Dock Masters, or Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel, who shall refuse or neglect so to do,* shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of five Pounds for every such Refusal or Neglect; and in case of Neglect or Refusal, the Dock Master or Dock Masters, his or their Assistant or Assistants, may remove or cause to be removed all such Vessels out of the said Docks and Basons, or Cuts, or any of them, and lay or moor the same in any Part of the River Thames, within High Water Mark, as conveniently as may be; and that upon the Demand of Payment being made by such Dock Master or Dock Masters, Assistant or Assistants, from the Owner or Owners, Matters, Commanders, or Agents of such Ship or Ships, or other Vessel or Vessels, of the Charges of removing and mooring such Ships or other Vessels; (such Charges and Expences being first allowed by the said Directors, or any thirteen or more of them ;) and upon Neglect or refusal of such Charges so allowed as aforesaid for the Space of five Days, it shall be recoverable by Distress and Sale of such Ship or Vessel, or any of her Tackel, Apparel, or Furniture, or any Part thereof, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducing the Charges of taking, keeping, and felling of such Distress, to the Owner or Owners, Matter, Factor or Agents, of or for such Ship or Vessel, upon the same being demanded.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That the Master or Owner of every Ship, or other Vessel, Lighter, Barge, Raft, or Craft whatsoever, lying or being in the said Dock or Bason, Docks or Basons, or Cuts, shall be, and is, and are hereby made answerable to the said Company for the Amount or Value of any Mischief or Damage that shall be done by any of the Servants, Boatmen, Bargemen, or other Person or Persons on board the same, to the said Baton or Dock, Basons or Docks, or Cuts or Quays, or Wharfs or, other Works to be made by virtue of this Act, or any of them, with full Costs of Suit, and that such Damage and Costs shall and may be sued for and recovered in Manner herein after mentioned.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That the Master or Owner of every Ship, Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, shall be and is hereby made answerable for any Damage, Spoil, of Mischief, that shall be done by any Ship, Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, or any of the Boatmen, Watermen, or others belonging to or employed in or about the same, unto the Docks,

Basons,

Pitch, Tar, &c* to be melted only in Places appointed by the Dire dors*

Penalty 5k

Vessels may lie to unload withi* the Dock, for six Weeks; upon Payment of Jd. per Ton for the fir A two Weeks, and Jd. more for every further Week. Power for Dock Master or his Assistant to order out light V«ll*ls; and on every Ucgled to forfeit 5l. and remove them.

Upon non-payment, such Penalties to be levied by Disttefs.

Matters and Owners ot Vessels answerable for Damages done by their own Servants of others on board*

And by the Vesstta.

V

496

Person* setting Fire to the Works or Vessels in the Bason*, guilty of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy. Damaging the Ume punishatde by Fine, Imprisonment, or Transportation.

Compensation to be made to the Owners, &c. of, and Batons employed on any Quays or Whirls, or other Tenements, Which may be rendered less valuable, by reason of the intended Works, and to the Governors or* Ch'sss Hospital (if ncc.ffary) on account ot Car-roons.

C. xlvii. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Basons, Cuts, or unto any of the Bridges, Locks, Dams, Engines, or other Works, in, upon, or belonging to the said Docks, Cuts, and Basons, or any of them, or any of the Trenches, Aqueducts, Sluices, and Passages to be made as aforesaid, or by loading or unloading any Ship, Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, or for any Trespass or Damage that shall or may be done to the Owners or Occupiers of any Buildings, Erections, Mills, Dams, Gauges, Weirs, Lands, or Tenements adjoining or lying near the same, or any of them, by leaving open Gates or otherwise, or for any other Trespass whatsoever; and the said M after or Owner of any such Ship, Boat, Lighter, Barge, or other Vessel, maybe sued and prosecuted for the same in any Court of Record, and if a Verdict or Judgment shall be given against him, either on Proof made, or by Default, or upon Demurrer, the Plaintiff in any such Case shall recover his Damages thereby sustained, with full Cods of Suit; and in Case the Master or Owner of any such Ship, Boat, Lighter, or other Vessel as aforesaid, shall be compelled to pay any Penalty, or to make Satisfaction for any Damage or Trespass, by reason of any wilful Act or Default done or committed by his Servant or Servants, every such Servant or Servants shall be liable to pay such Penalty, or the Money paid for any such Damage or Trespass, to such Master or Owner; and in case of Non-payment thereof on Demand, the same shall be recovered by such Master or Owner in like Manner as any Penalty is herein after directed to be recovered.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall wilfully and maliciously set on fire any of the Works made or to be made by virtue of this Act, or any of the Materials intended for any of the said Works, or any Shiporother Vessel lying or being in the Docks, Cuts, Bason or Basons, or any of them, every such Person or Persons so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony without Benefit of Clergy,* and every such Felon shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy; and if any Person or Persons shall knowingly, wilfully, or maliciously demolish, break down, cut, or destroy, any of the Works to be made by virtue of this Act, or any Ship or Vessel lying in the said Docks, Cuts, Balon or Basons, then every such Offender or Offenders, being convicted thereof, shall suffer Punishment, by Fine, Imprisonment, or Transportation, at the Discretion of the Judge or Judges before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be tried and convicted.

Company may purchase Lands on the North Side of Ratclffe Highway for the Roads. §96. Power to lay Materials for building on the adjoining Premises, satisfying the Owners. §97. Empowered to make Bricks for their Works. §98. To grant Licences for Building on Parts of the Streets, &c. §99. Mo- nies arising by Leases, Sales, or Licences, to be appropriated to the Purposes of this Act. §100. Compensation to be made for the Tythes of the Lands, &c. to be taken for the Purposes of this Act. §101. [at under $ 113 & 39 Geo. III. c. lxixj The Average Price of Wheat may be ascertained at the End of every Fourteen Years for the Purpose of making such Compensations. §102. $ 114 Geo. III.

44 c. lxix.] Such Compensations for Tythes may be recovered as Rents. §103. For making Compensations to the Ministers of the respective Parishes for Loss of Surplice Fees. §104. Compensation to be made for Tythes of Premises on the South Side of Ratcliffe Highway. §105. Compensation to be made by the Company for Deficiencies of Assessments for Land Tax; and paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and Poor’s Rates, §106. For Satisfaction for Pavement in Saint Paul's Shadwell, and Saint George's Parishes. §107. Compensations to be made for Deficiencies of Sewer Rates. §108."

CIX. And whereas, by reason or in consequence of certain Parts of the Works, Improvements, and Regulations, intended by this Act, some of the present legal Quays, and of the other Quays or Wharfs commonly called Publick Foreign Sufferance Wharfs, and certain Warehouses, Docks, and divers other Tenements and Hereditaments, now in or adjoining the said Port, some of which Warehouses are known by the Name of Up-Town Warehouses, and used for the Reception of West India Produce and other Goods landed, and the Lighters and Craft usually employed in the Business of the said Quays and Wharfs, may become less valuable, by Means of the Trade or Business of the same respectively being in Part diverted, than the same respectively are at present, and divers Owners and Occupiers of, and other Persons interested in or employed upon the Business of such legal Quays and Sufferance Wharfs, Warehouses, Docks, and other Tenements and Hereditaments, and Owners of Lighters and Craft, may thereby sustain Loss or Damage; and the Yearly and other Receipts of the Governors of Chri/Vs Hospital, in the City of London, for or on Account of Car-roons or Figures for using Free Carts within the said City and the Liberties thereof, may also thereby happen to be lessened be it therefore further enacted, That in case such legal Quays and Sufferance Wharfs, Warehouses, Docks, and other Tenements and Hereditaments, Lighters, and Craft employed as aforesaid, or any of them, shall by Reason of the said intended W orks, or of any of them, be rendered less valuable by Reason or Means of the Trade thereof being diverted therefrom, thao they respectively were before the passing of this Act, or any Owners or Occupiers of the same Legal Q^avsand Sufferance Wharfs, Warehouses, Docks, and other Tenements and Hereditaments, or any Tackle House Ported. Ticket Porters, Owners of Lighters and Craft, or Free Carmen of the City of London, or other Person or Persons interested in or employed upon the Business thereof respectively, shall by reason of any of the same Works suffer Loss or Damage, or the yearly or other Receipts or Income of the Governors of Christ's Hospital aforesaid, or of their Successors, for or on Account of Car-roons, shall by Reason of any of the same Works happen to be lessened or diminished, the Commissioners to be appointed as herein after mentioned for managing the Business of the Compensations authorised and required to be made by them, do and shall make ur cause to be made such just and liberal Compensation or Satisfaction, by Purchase or by Employment or otherwise, to the Owners and Occupiers of, and the Tackle House Porters, Ticket Porters, Owners of Lighters and Craft, Free Carmen, and other Persons interested in or employed upon the Business vf the (kid legal Quays and Sufferance Wharfs, Warehouses, Docks, and ocher Tenements and Hereditaments,

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. xlvii. 497

Lighters and Craft, so rendered lese valuable respectively, and to the Governors of Chri/Vs Hospital aforesaid or their Successors, for the Injury, Loss, or Damage which such Owners, Occupiers, Porters, Car-Owners of Lighters and Craft, and other Persons and Governors respectively shall have thereby fuf-

men.

The Treasury

empowered to purchase the legal Quays, between London Bridge and the Tower.

fered or sustained, as shall be agreed on between the said Commissioners and such respective Owners, Occupiers, Owners of Lighters and Craft, and other Persons interested or employed as aforesaid, or between the said Commissioners and Governors so far as relates to the said Car-roons.

CX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, if they shall jhink proper, within the Period of two Years next after the passing of this Act, to purchase of the several Owners, Lettees, and Occupiers of all or any of the legal Quays, and the Warehouses, Buildings, and other Works annexed thereto, or usually occu pied or employed therewith, situate between London Bridge and the Tower of London, or any Part or Parts thereof, their several and respective Estates and Interests of and in the same Premises respectively, and for that Purpose shall have all necessary and requisite Powers to contrail with any Person or Persons whatsoever,

>r their Trustees, Guardians, Committees, or Assigns, for such Price or Prices as may be agreed upon; and, in case of Difference, for such Price or Prices as shall be settled by a Jury, to be summoned, impannelled, and (worn in such Manner as is herein-before directed in respect of Purchases to be made by the said Dock Company; but so as that the Warrant or Warrants. Precept or Precepts, for the impannelling, summoning, and returning such Jury, instead of being issued by the said Directors, or any five or more of them, shall be issued by the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of such Lords Commissioners; and which Jury, in settling such Price or Prices, shall consider as well the Goodwill and Improvements as any Injury or Damage that may affect any such Person or Persons, either as Owner, Lessee, or Occupier: provided that such Goodwill shall be estimated by what in the Opinion of such Jury the same would have been worth in case the Improvements intended by this Act bad not been in Contemplation; and all and every the Person or Persons, their Trustees, Guardians,

Committees, or Assigns so contrafted with, shall have full Power to convey all and every the Pre-roifes, or any Part or Parcel thereof, to the said Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, and their Successors, who for that Purpose shall be deemed and taken to be a Body Corporate; and the said Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury shall be, and are hereby empowered and directed to pay for such Purchase or Purchases, out of all or any of the Duties,

Revenues, and Income, composing the Fund called The Consolidated Fundi Provided always, That no Owner, Lessee, or Occupier of, or other Person or Persons interested in any legal Quay or Quays, or any Warehouse or Warehouses, Erections, Buildings, or other Works annexed thereto, or usually occupied or employed therewith, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be compelled to dispose of his Estate and Interest in the same, unless the Whole of his, her, or their Property, as well in such legal Quay or Quays, as in the Warehouses, Erections, Buildings, and other Works annexed thereto, or usually occupied or employed therewith, or in the Part or Parts thereofin which he, she, or they shall be interested, shall be purchased.

*c Commissioners of Compensation under 39 Geo. 3. c. lxix.

[5 *30.] to be the Commissioners for the like w Purposes under this Act. §111."

CXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the River Tolls or Duties imposed and leviable by and under the said last recited Act, for the Purpose of providing a Fund for making Compensations, shall be sufficient for making Compensations to the several Persons whose Claims thereto, by reason of the Docks, Quays, and other Works to be made and erected under and by virtue of this present Act, shall r$ 134, &cfj acknowledged or established, as well as the Compensations directed to be made by reason of the Docks, for making Quays, or other Works to be made by virtue of the said former Act, no further or other River Toils or Duties for the Purpose of Compensations shall be raised or leviable under this present Act. ent foTihc Purposes of both Acts, no additional River Toil to be levied.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any further Sum or Sums of Money, other than such as are directed to be raised by the said former Act, shall be deemed necessary or requisite for making Compensations to the several Persons whose Properties may be affected by the Docks, Quays, and other Works to be erected and made by virtue of this present Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for making Compensations, by and with the Consent of the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, signified by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, but not otherwise, to impose an additional Toll or Duty upon all Ships or Vessels according to the Scale of Rates for the like Purpose in the said recited Act, which additional Toll shall not exceed in Amount the Toll imposed by the said recited Act for and during the Term of thirteen Years from the first Day of jfugufi one thousand eight hundred, and to levy the Whole or such Part or Proportion of the said additional Toll, and for such Time and Continuance; and subject to such occasional Suspension, as shall be expressed and declared in the said Warrants, or in any other Order or Orders under the Hand and Seal of the said JLord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being; and that such Toll or Duty shall be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Purposes of this Act.

In case the River TolU to be levied under the said Act.

Sf any further Sum Should be deemed necessary for Compensation, an, additional Toll or Duty to be levied, under Warrant of iht Lords of the Treasury.

All Tolls or Duties to be raised by this Act for Compensation to be paid to his Maxell)

No Claims shall be made for such Compensations till three Years after Notice of the Docks, &c. being ready for Use, &c.

[asunder$ 128 of39 Geo. III. lxix.] Claimants may recover Compensation

Money from Persons who shall have wrongfully received the same. $ 115. $ 35, 36 & 39 Geo. III.

3 S " c. lxix.

39 & 40- Geo. III.

498

The Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, after the Alignment or Surrender, shall have and exer-«ife the several Powers by the AOt of 39 Geo. 3. c. lxix. given them for repairing, &c. of the Mooring. Chains) and nothing in this Act shall abridge the Power of the y Lord Mayor to appoint Harbour Matters.

The said Company’s Works shall be executed as foen as pottibic, and a Statement of the Progress thereof annually be hid before

Directors to lay an Account before Parliament yearly.

Rights of his Majesty and the Corporation of London not t.> be pteju diced.

C. xlvii. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

c. lxix: [and see §119, 120, of that yf/f?.] which direct Lord Gwydir, on receiving a Compensation to surrender the Mooring Chains to his Majesty; and which direct Compensation to be made to the said Lord Gwydir, and to his Majesty, repealed. Lord Gwydir and all other Persons entitled to the Moor- ing Chains between London Bridge and Bughfs Hole, directed to assign and surrender the same to his Majesty, and that Compensation should be made for such Assignment. §117- After Assignment or Surrender by Lord Gwydir, all Rent, Dues, and other Payments in respect of the Mooring Chains, shall cease, subject to the Regulations contained in 39 Geo. III. c. lxix. Payment out of the Consolidated Fund to be made to Lord Givydir, &c. within seven Months, or before the End of one Month after the Epxiration of the prolonged Time, in case of Arbitration under §123. & feq. Compensation to his Majesty out of the Consolidated Fund for the Relinquishment of Rent, to be paid into the Bank on Account of the Treasury as under the Land Tax Redemption Act. §120. For Payment of Costs to Par- ties, and to the Arbitrators or Umpire. §121. Repayment to be made to the Consolidated Fund, as under 44 §144. of 39 Geo. III. lxix. f 122. Certain Arbitrators, named and appointed by the Treasury, Lord Gwydir, and the two Dock Companies, empowered to ascertain the Value of the Chains. §123. A certain Umpire named. §124. The Arbitrators and Umpire to take an Oath. $ 12J. Oath. Notice of their Meetings. §126. Arbitrators and Umpire empowered to summon Witnesses and administer an Oath. §127. Arbitrators and Umpire authorised to examine interested Parties on Oath, and to require the Production of Books, &c. §128. And to impose a Fine for Non-attendance. §129. Arbitrators and Umpire in case of disputed Claims, empowered to Value the Rights; and the Money awarded for such disputed Rights, shall be paid to the Deputy Remembrancer of the Exchequer. §130. New Appoint- ments may be made by the Parties in the Room of Arbitrators or Umpire dying or becoming incapable

4.4 to Act. §131 - Two Months allowed to make the Award after any new Appointment, although the six Months first mentioned shall have expired. §132. The legal Rights of Parties to any Compen(htion Money paid, saved if Claim made within twelve Calendar Months after the Payment. § I33,

CXXXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That, from and after such Assignment and Surrender of the said Mooring Chains shall be made as aforesaid, the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, or any other Person or Persons to be by them appointed in that Behalf, shall have and exercise the several Powers and Authorities in and by the (?id recited Act of the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty given to them for and concerning the Reparation, Removal, Alteration, Increase, Regulation, and Management of the Mooring Chains in the said River Thames, between London Bridge and Bughfs Hole aforesaid, in such and the same Manner in all Respects as if the same Mooring Chains had been assigned and surrendered in purftjance of that Act; and that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to lessen, defeat, or abridge the Powers by the said recited Act given to the Lord Mayor of the City of London for the Time being, to nominate and appoint, and remove, suspend, and dismiss, the Harbour Masters of* in, and for the said Port of London, and the Canal and other Works which shall be made in pursuance of the same Act, or to take away, annul, defeat, lessen, or abridge any of the Powers and Authorities by the said recited Act given to or intended to be exercised by the said Harbour Masters or any of them, subject to such Inspection and Approbation of the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, as in the said recited Act is expressed, save and except so far only as the same last mentioned Powers and Authorities or any of them may interfere and be inconsistent with the Powers by this Act given to the said Dock Masters in and over such Parts of the River Thames* shall be within the Distance of two hundred Yards from any Entrance out of the said River into the Works of the said London Dock Company.

The Deputy Remembrancer of the Exchequer shall invest Money paid to him in Navy, Victualline, or Exchequer Bills, subject to Orders of the Court of Exchequer.'§ 135. Clerk of the London Dock

4.4 Company to keep Accounts of Receipts and Disbursements. §136."

CXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Docks and other Works by this Act authorised and directed to be made and done by the said Directors, or by or on Behalf of the said Dock Company, shall also be begun as soon as possible after the passing of this Act, and completed with all convenient Dispatch; and that afttr such Docks and other Works shall be begun, and until the same be completed, the said Directors shall lay before each House of Parliament, yearly, within fourteen Days next after the Commencement of every Session of Parliament, a true Statement of the Progrefe of the same Works.

Parliament.

CXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors shall yearly, after the same Docks and other Works shall be begun, lay or cause to be laid before each House of Parliament, a true Account of the Receipt and Application of all Monies which shall be received by the said Company by virtue of this Act, and in every such Account shall be let forth what Alteration (if any) shall have been made in any of the Rates or Duties hereby made payable to the said Dock Company*

Nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice any Remedy by the Company against the Sureties of their Officers, See. j 139. Forfaving the Rights of the Trinity House. §140."

CXLI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice or derogate from the Estates, Rights, Interests, Privileges, Franchises, or Authority of the King’s Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or of the-Mayor and Commonalty

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. xlvii, xlviii. 499

tnonaltyand Citizens of the City of Londoner their Successors, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, or to prohibit, defeat, alter, or diminish any Power, Authority, or Jurisdiction, which at the Time of making this Act his Majesty or the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or the Lord of the said City for the Time being, as Conservator of the River of Thames and Waters of Medway, did or might lawfully claim, use, or exercise; and further, that it shall be lawful for the Lord Lord Mayor Mayor of the said City for the Thne being, in hke Manner as he hath used to do in other cases, to en-

quire of, hear, and determine, by Presentment or Indfftment, taken before him as Conservator of the said gj* ajver River and Waters, all Offences contrary to this Act, or such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations Thames, to as shall be made as aforesaid, and upon Convictioji of the Offender or Offenders, to impose a Penalty or punish Of-Penalties on him, her, or them, not exceeding the Penalty or Penalties hereby inflicted, or which shall be in- f"?ces Aided in and by the said Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, an 1 Regulations for such Offence or Offences j but no By* UwsTo^e Person shall be punished twice for one and the same Offence. niacjc at aforo

said r

4C Saving of the Rights and Privileges of the WJl India Dock Company. §142- Saving of the Rights and Privileges of the Lord of the Manor of Stepney. §143. Penalties to be recovered and levied by Distress and u Sale, under Warrant of two Justices for Middhyx. All Fines above 40s shall go to the Company for the Injuries sustained; and all of and under 40 to be divided; one Third to the Merchant Seamen's Office: one Third to Seamen’s and Lightermen’s Families disablechin the Docks; one Third to old " worn-out Dock Servants. On Failure of Distress Offenders liable to Commitment for ten Days to the Common Gaol. §144. Power to Justices to mitigate Penalties and Forfeitures to one Half. §145.

Form of Conviction. §146. Parties aggrieved msy appeal to the next General or Quarter Sessions, on ten Days Notice. No Certiorari allowed. §147. Expences of the Aftto be paid out of the Subscriptions. §148. Proceedings not to be vacated for Want of Form only. §149. The Treasurer of the Company may be made the nominal Plaintiff or Defendant in Actions and Suits to be brought by or against the Company. §150. Act of 24 Geo. II. c. 44. for rendering Justices of the Peace more fate in the Execution of their Office, extended to this Act. Limitation of Actions six Months, with twenty Days’

Notice required, and Tender of Amends allowed. General Issue, Treble Costs. §1 c i.

"Publick Act. §152."

---

Cap. xlviii.

An Act for providing a Workhouse for the Use of the Parish of Aldbourne in the County of Wilts; and for appointing an Additional Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the said Parish.

[20th June 1800.]

---

WHEREAS the Parish of Aldbourne in the County of Wilts, is large and populous, and the Poor thereof exceedingly numerous: And whereas if a Workhouse were to be provided for the said Parish, wherein the Poor thereof might be kept and employed, and Power given to compel them to work,

the Rates for their Relief might be rendered much less burdensome to the said Parish, and the Poor be better maintained and provided For, than at present: And whereas there are three Overseers of the Poor of the said PaTifh chosen annually, who being generally engaged in a large Way of Business, the Office has been frequently executed by improper Deputies, whereby the Money raised for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish has been misapplied, and the Poor’s Rates within the said Parish have increased, to the great Grievance of the Landholders and others paying to the Relief of the Poor; all which Evils it is apprehended might in a great Degree be remedied, if Power were given to appoint a fit and proper Person as an additional Overseer, for the sole Purpose of taking the Care and Management of the said Poor May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted, See.

Trustees appointed for the Purpose of providing and maintaining a Workhouse. f I, See."

XV. And be it further enacted, That such of the Inhabitants of the said Parish and others, who shaft be Power giveif* rated at and pay to the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish for five Pounds per Annum or upwards, as to thq*.rated aforesaid, shall and may meet together at the said Vestry Room of the Parish Church of Aldbourne to the Poor for aforesaid, on the said Monday Fortnight next after the passing of this Act, or on some other Day as soon wardl to*at>-after as conveniently may be, between the Hours of ten and twelve.of the Clock in the Forenoon (Notice point an addh-of such Meeting having been previously given by Order of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor tionai Overicrr of the said Parish, on the Sunday next before such Meeting, in Manner herein-before prescribed for Notice with a Salary, of Meetings for the Election of New Trustees J; and the Majority of the Inhabitants and others aforesaid,. assembled at such Meeting, shall then and there nominate and appoint one fit and proper Person as an additional Overseer of the Poor of the said Parish of Aldbourne, and shall also be empowered to allow him out of the Sums collected for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor, for his Care and Trouble, such yearly Salary as shall then be agreed on, not exceeding the yearly Sum of one hundred Pounds; and such additional Overseer, so to be nominated and appointed, and every other additional Overseer hereafter to be nominated and appointed under and by virtue of this Act, shall have full Power and Authority, and is hereby authorised and empowered during the Time he shall continue in the Office to Act as Overseer of the Poor of the said Parish, in all Things appertaining to the Office of Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish (except with regard to the making and collecting of Rates) though the same may not be particularly specified and mentioned in this Act, and in the same Manner and in all Cases as if every additional Overseer was regularly appointed an Overseer of the Poor of the said PariQ), and as fully and effectually to all Intents and

So o

His Continuance in < and Manrer of appointing a Slice. (Fur,

Additional Overseer ftvill fi^n an Agreement and take an Oath.

Oath.

His Power* -

t)ne or more of the Churchwardens or Overmen shall be Treasurer to receive the Rates from the Collector and to pay the same to the additional Overseer*

Upon what Grounds additional Overseer may be dismissed from his Office,

C. xiviii. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Purposes as such Overseers of the Poor now have, or hereafter shall or may have, a Power to act by virtue of any Act or otherwise howsoever (except as before excepted).

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said additional Overseer so to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, shall, unless he be removed in Manner herein after mentioned, continue in Office until the TiuJ day in Easter Week, which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and one, and no longer; and that then and so annually afterwards upon TutJJay in Easter Week, or within three Days thenafter, the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Aldbourne and others, who according to this Act are qualified to choose the said additional Overseer in Manner herein-before mentioned, shall either agree with the Person who held the said Office Lit to continue in such Office the Year ensuing, or shall proceed to the Election of another fit and proper Person for the said Office in Manner herein-before directed and also, that in case any such additional Overseer shall die or be removed from his said Office before the Expiration of the Time for which he shall have b:en appointed, or become incapable by Illness or otherwise of doing his Duty, then and in any such Cale a Meeting shill be called, in Manner aforesaid, as soon as conveniently may be/ and the Inhabitants and others qualified as aforesaid shall proceed in the Manner herein-before directed to nominate and appoint another fit and proper Person to be the additional Overseer, in the Room of such Overseer so removed or dying: Provided always, That it shall not be lawful at any Time to appoint any Person to be an additional Overseer as aforesaid, who shall not be and continue a Member of the Church of England as by Law established.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every such additional Overseer, before he takes upon himself the Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities given him by this Act, shall (ign an Agreement in the Parish Book where the Proceedings of the fail! Parish are usually entered, signifying his Acceptance of and taking on himself the Office, and of the Salary he is to receive for the same, and also take the following Oath:

' (videlicet,)

I A.B. do swear, That in all Cases in which I shall act as Overseer of the Poor of the Parish of Aldboumer c 1 appointed in pursuance of an Act, made in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George. the Third, intituled, [here insert the title of this Act,] I will without Favour or Affection, Hatred or

Malice, truly and impartially, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, execute and perform all and every the Trusts, Powers, and Authorities reposed in me by the said Act.

"So help me God."

Which Oath any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of JVilts^ shall and is and are hereby empowered and reauired to administer.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That immediately after such additional Overseer shall be nominated and appointed, and shall have taken upon him the Office in Manner aforesaid, the Whole Management and Care of the Poor of the said Parish shall be vested in him* and neither the Churchwardens nor Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish shall intermeddle or interfere in the Care or Management of the Poor, either it* or out of the Workhouse or Workhouses to be provided for the said Parish (except during the Interval that may happen between the Death or Dismission of such additional Overseer and the Appointment of his Successor in the Manner herein directed, and except during the Absence or Inability to execute his Office of any such additional Overseer); but the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor shall continue to have and be vested with the same Powers of making and collecting Poor’s Rates, as they have at present, and shall be subject to the like Penalties for Neglect or Misbehaviour in making or collecting such Rates,.as they were at the Time of passing this Act.

"Appointment of Master or Mistress of the Workhouse to be in the Trustees. §19."

XX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Appointment of such Additional Overseer as aforesaid, one or more of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Aldbourne, who shall be approved of at some Meeting for that Purpose (to be summoned and held at the Vestry Room of the Church of Aldbourne in Manner herein-before directed for the Appointment of such additional Overseer) by the Majority of the Inhabitants, and others qualified as aforesaid, present at such Meeting, shall be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, and receive the Money to be collected by virtue of all Rates granted for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, and pay the same, or so much thereof as shall remain in his or their Hands, after the Payments made to the Orders of the Trustees as herein-before directed, to the said additional Overseer, from Time to Time as he shall have occasion to pay the necessary Expences attending, the Poor belonging to the said Parish and shall take Receipts from such additional Overseer for all such Monies so paid, expressing in every such Receipt the Purposes for which such Money is wanted;, and such Receipts shall be a Discharge to such Treasurer or Treasurers in his or their Accounts with the said Paiiih.

Accounts of the additional Overseer and Treasurer to be audited four Times in a Year at a General Meeting, at which the Treasurer and Overseer shall produce their Accounts and Vouchers, Hating the Number of Persons relieved and in the Workhouse; such Accounts to be printed for the Use of the Inhabitants, and verified by the said Overseer on Oath before a Justice. §21."

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such additional Overseer shall neglect his Duty, be guilty of any Fraud or Embezzlement, or otherwise misbehave himself in his said Office, it shall be lawful for the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish to call a Publick Meeting of the Persons paying to the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish (qualified as' aforesaid) by giving Notice

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. xlviii - l. 501

in Manner herein-before mentioned on the Sunday next before such Meeting (such Notice also to specify the Intent of such Meeting); and if it shall appear to the major Part of the Persons present at such Meeting, that there is any real Foundation for such Complaint, then the Churchwardens and Overseers, or any three or more of the Persons paying to the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish present at such Meeting, shall make Application'to any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, who shall sum- % mon such additional Overseer before him (and which Summons such Justice is hereby empowered to grant), and after hearing the Complaint on Oath that such additional Overseer is guilty of the Offence laid to his Charge, that then such Justice shall immediately dismiss such Overseer from his Employment.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That for the better Protection of the additional Overseer to be ap- For protecting; pointed as aforesaid, if any Person or Persons shall insult, abuse, interrupt, or disturb the said Overseer in the !rdit*onSc Execution of his Office, it shall be lawful for any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Wilts, upon Complaint made to him or them by the said additional Overseer, and Proof hig oft*, thereof on Oath (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hrreby authorised and empowered to administer) to enquirer into the Matter of the said Complaint; and if the same shall be found to be just anch true* then the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and directed to punish the Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, by Fine not exceeding forty Shillings nor less than ten Shillings, which Fine shall be immediately paid into the Hands of such Justice or Justices before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, and be paid and applied by him or them for the Use of such Poor of the said Parish as do not receive Alms therefrom; and if the said Offender or Offenders shall not pay she said Fine in Manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to some Common Gaol or House of Correction within the said County, there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding two Calendar Months, of until he, (he* or they shall have paid the said Fine to to be imposed as aforesaid.

" All Goods bought for the Poor to be carried to the Workhouse, and entered in a Book for that w Purpose, and not to be delivered but according to an Order in Writing by the additional Overseer.

14 26* No Churchwarden or Overseer to furnish any Thing, for his own Profit for the Use of the Poor

" 5 27"

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said additional Overseer to cause all Persons who shall be received into the said Workhouse or Workhouses, to be employed in any Work,

Trade, or Manufacture, or otherwise, as be shall think proper, during the Time they shall continue in the said Workhouse; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the

Poor of the said Parish, or either of them, in the Absence, Illness, or other Incapacity of the said additional Overseer, to order Relief to any poor Person or Persons who shall meet with any Hurt or Accident, or whose Case may be such that it may be dangerous to wait until the additional Overseer may be apprized of the Condition of such Person or Persons* n

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if arw poor Person maintained and relieved in the said Workhouse or Workhouses, shall be guilty of profane Cursing and Swearing, or of any lewd, immoral, indecent, or disorderly Behaviour, or shall use any abusive or improper Language, or commit Waste of the Provisions, or other Materials or Things provided for the said Parish, or shall neglect or refuse to perform the Work or Service which he or she shall be required to do, or shall be remiss therein (such Work or Service being suited to his, her, or their Strength and Ability) every such Offender shall and maybe punished, either by Abatement of Diet, or Distinition in Dress and Diet; such Punishment to be instiCled by Order of the said Additional Overseer so to be appointed as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And, to the End that all poor People in the said House may be encouraged to apply them- selves to the Talks in which they may he employed with Diligence and Humility,’, be it further enacted,

That out of the Profits arising from the Work which shall be done by the said poor People, such Rewards shall be distributed to the industrious and Ikilfui, in Proportion to the Quality and Perfection of their Work, as to the said additional Overseer shall appear reasonable*

w The Profits of the Work done by the Poor to be applied in Aid of the Poor Rates. §35."

Additional Overseer may employ the Poor.

For giving Relief to the Poor, in case of Accidents, and the Absence of the Overseer. Punishmentt>f such Poor as shall misbehave.

Encouragement1 so be given to the industrious Poor.

---

Cap. xlix.

An Act for forming, paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving, and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Squares, and other Publick Passages and Places, which are and shall be made upon certain Pieces or Plots of Ground, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, belonging to the Most Noble Francis Duke of Bedford.

[20th June 1800.]

Cap. l.

An Act for enclosing and embellishing the Centre of an Area of a certain Square, intended to be called Russel Square, purposed to be made in the Parish of Saint George Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex, and for forming and making the same into a Pleasure Ground, and for continuing and keeping the same in Repair.

[20th June 1800.]

502 C. li - liii. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Cap. li.

An Act for repairing the Parish Church of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex.

[20th June 1800.]

[Where Banns shall be published during the Time the Church shall be under Reparation.]

---

XIX. AND be it further enacted, That all Publications of Banns of Marriage may be made and published by the Rector of the said Parish, or his Curate or Assistant for the Time being, in the Nlft Prius Court, in the Shire Hall in Chelmsford aforesaid, (wherein Divine Service hath been performed since the said Church hath been rendered incapable of being used for that Purpose,) until such Time as the said Parish Church shall be repaired and rendered capable of having Divine Service performed therein; and that all such Publications of the Banns of Marriage, which have been made and published in the said Court, during the Time of performing Divine Service therein, or which shall be made and published therein, during the Time of performing Divine Worship therein, shall be as good and available in Law as if the same had been published in the said Parish Church of Chelmsford aforesaid.

---

Cap. lii.

An Act for explaining, amending, and continuing* an Act made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty*, intituled An Aid for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the Shire of Argyll.

[20th June 1800.]

[* for 25 Years]

[* 15 Geo. 3. c. 63.]

Cap. liii.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Removal and Rebuilding of the Council Chamber, Guildhall, and Gaol of the City of New Sarum, and for ascertaining the foils of the Market, and regulating the Chairmen within the said City, as requires the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of New Sarum to build a new Gaol within the said City, or the Suburbs or Precincts thereof; and for authorising the Commitment of Felons and other Persons within the Limits of the said City and the Close thereof, to the Gaol of the County of Wilts; and for explaining and amending the said Act.

[20th June 1800.]

[* 25 Geo. 3. c. 93.]

"So much of former Act as requires a new Gaol to be built, repealed. §1. Piece of Ground given by the Earl of Radnor, vested in Trust, for the Use of the Common Gaol for the County of Wilts. §2 ."

[Felons and other Persons may be committed from the City and Close of Salisbury to the County Gaol.]

III. And be it further enacted, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act, all such Felons and other Persons within the said City, and the Close thereof, who already are, or by Law shall be liable or ought to be committed to any Gaol or Place of Security, by any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said City, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said Close respectively, shall and may, when and as often as Occasion shall require, be committed by such Justice or Justices respectively to, and shall be received and confined in, the said County Gaol now erected (or which may at any Time hereafter be erected) at Fisherton Anger, in such and the like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as Felons 0. other Prisoners committed by Justices of the Peace for the said County are confined, and as such Felons 0. other Prisoners committed by Justices of the Peace for the said City or Close respectively could or might have been confined, in any Gaol or Bridewell erected within the said City, or the Suburbs or Precincts thereof, under and in pursuance of the said recited Act.

[Debtors within the said Limits may be committed to the said County Gaol.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, all Debtors and other Persons who shall be legally arrested or taken in Execution within the said City or Close, by virtue of any Process issuing out of the Courts of Record of Pleas of the said Lord Bishop of Sarum within the said City, and who are or shall be liable or ought to be committed to any Gaol or Place of Security, shall and may, when and as often as Occasion shall require, be committed and delivered by the proper Officer of the said Lord Bishop to the Custody of the Keeper of the said County Gaol at Fisherton Anger, and shall be there detained by him in such and the like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as such Debtors and other Persons could or might have been committed, delivered to, and detained by the Keeper or Officer of any Gaol heretofore erected within the said City: and that the said Lord Bishop of Sarum and his Successors, and his and their Officers for the Time being, shall be entitled to such and the like Rights and Privileges as he or they would have been entitled to in case such Debtors and other Persons had been confined in any Gaol within the said City and Manor of the said Bishop, under and in pursuance of the said recited Act.

"Constables to execute Warrants, &c. §5."

---

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Keeper or Keepers, or other Person or Persons having the Cart or Manag^ent of the said Common Gaol for the said County of Wilts, or the Custody of the Prisoners therein, shall and is and are hereby empowered and required to receive and confine the Felons, Debtors, or other Persons who shall be committed or brought in Manner aforesaid, and shall be liable to answer for the Escape or Escapes of such Persons in like Manner as the said Keeper, or other Person or Persons having the others, from the Custody or Management of the said Gaol of the said County of Wilts, is or are empowered to receive «ffSalisbury ;C anc* co!^ne> or liable to answer for the Escape of other Felons, Debtors, or other Persons, in or from the and made liable same Gaol.

ic 1 their Escape.* Keeper

Keeper of the County Gaol empowered to receive and detain Felons, Debtors, and

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. liii—lx. 503

Keeper of the County Gaol to give Security to the City for the Safe-keeping, of Prisoners for the said City and Close. §8."

X. Provided alwayfe nevertheless, That the Sheriff of the County of Wilts shall not, at any Time or Sheriff not liable

Times hereafter, be liable to any Action or Prosecution whatsoever, for or on Account of the Escape of ,0"f or

any Person or Persons to be hereafter committed to the said County Gaol by virtue of the Powers and Au- p^onerL thoriries in this Act contained.

[County Gaol

XI. And be it further enacted, That, for the Purposes aforesaid, the said County Gaol at Fisherton Anger

PuwfwoC

shall be and shall be deemed and taken to be within and Part of the said City, and that the Person or Persons who shall be confined therein by virtue of this Act, shall be deemed and taken to be confined within thisAaywithij* the said City.

the Limits of this City.

---

Cap. liv.

An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third*, for improving the Navigation of the River Ouse, between Newhaven Bridge and Lewes Bridge, in the County of Sussex, and for the better draining of the Low Lands lying in Lewes and Laughton Levels, in the said County.

[20th June 1800.]

[* 31 Geo. 3. c. 76.]

Cap. lv.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Leicester Navigation to Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to complete their Navigation, and to discharge the Debts contracted by them in the making thereof; and for amending the Act, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty*, for making and maintaining the said Navigation.

[20th June 1800.]

[* 31 Geo. 3. c. 77.]

Cap. lvi.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Oakham Canal to raise Money for completing the said Canal, and also for altering and amending an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty*, for making the said Canal.

[20th June 1800.]

[33 Geo. 3. c. 103.]

Cap. lvii.

An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Lancaster Canal Navigation to complete the same.

[20th June 1800.]

[See 32 Geo. 3. c. 101; 33 Geo. 3. c. 107.]

Cap. lviii.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Marsh Meadow, and Waste Lands, in the Manor of Forebridge, and in the Parish of Castle Church, in the County of Stafford, and for embanking and draining Part of the said Common Fields, Marsh Meadow, and Waste Lands, and certain other Low Lands and Grounds in the said Parish of Castle Church, and in the adjoining Parishes, Townships, and Places of Sow Saint Thomas, otherwise Saint Thomas upon Sow, Coton, Berkswich, and Saint Mary in Stafford, in the said County of Stafford.

[20th June 1800.]

Cap. lix.

An Act for building a new Bridge over the River Chelmer, or Blackwater, at Fullbridge, in the Town of Maldon, in the County of Essex.

[20th June 1800.]

Cap. lx.

An Act for establishing and well governing the Charitable Institution commonly called The Asylum, or House of Refuge for the Reception of Orphan Girls, the Settlements of whose Parents cannot be found, and for incorporating the Subscribers thereto; and for the better empowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Designs.

[20th June 1800.]

---

'WHEREAS in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, a Charitable Society was entered into by several Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, for establishing an Asylum or House for the Reception, Maintenance, Education, and Employment of friendless and deserted Orphan Girls, the Settlements of whose Parents could not be found, and the same hath been from that Time carried on in an House and Premises provided for the Purpose, situate in the Parish of Saint Mary, Lambeth, in the County of Surrey; and the said Charity hath been supported by the Voluntary Subscriptions and Donations of charitable and well-disposed Persons, and a very great Number of such Orphan Girls have been*

received into and maintained and educated thereby, and at proper Ages apprenticed therefrom; and such Orphan Girls have not only been Ihekered and protected from Vice and Want, but carefully instructed in the Principles of Religion, and in Reading, Writing, Needlework, and Household Business, and trained to Habits of Industry and Regularity, whereby the Pubttck hath been and continues to be provided with a Supply of diligent and sober Female Domestic Servants 1 And whereas Experience hath shewn that the said Charity hath been hitherto of considerable Use and an Advantage to the Public, and it is apprehended that if countenanced and supported by the Laws of this Realm, and established upon a permanent Footing, and veiled with Powers for better enabling the Subscribers thereto to carry into Execution their charitable and useful Design?, the said Charity would be of much more extensive Use, and of still greater

504 C. lx - lxiv. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

No Chaplain, &c, to fftciate, ice. unless he be of the Church of England, and ordained a Priest, and duly licensed. Orphans or hiiei Servants in the Asylum not to gain a Settlement thereby. Person* making false Certificates! &c.

to be punishable by Imprisonment.

Benefit and Advantage to the Public, as being a Means (by an Increase from Time to Time of the Funds of the said Charity) of adding to the Number of Objects to be received therein, and to derive Benefit therefrom; but as the Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament may it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted,&V,

Corporation instituted for the Purposes of this Act by the Name of the President, Vice Presidents, 44 Treasurer, and Guardians of The Asylum, for the Reception of Orphan Girls, the Settlements of whose Parents cannot be found. $ j

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who is or shall hereafter beele&ed or appointed Chaplain, or Morning or Evening or other Preacher to, or who is or shall be elected or appointed to officiate as a Clergyman for or on Behalf of the said Asylum, shall in any Manner officiate in the Chapel thereunto belonging, or elsewhere within the same, unless such Clergyman shall be of the Church of England, and shall have been ordained a Pried, nor until he shall have been duly licensed by the Bishop of the Diocese within which the said Chapel shall for the Time being be situate 5 or, in case the See shall be vacant, by the Archbishop of the Province.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall be admitted into the said Asylum as an Orphan Girl, or who shall be employed in the said A/ylum as an hired Servant, shall, by Reason of such Admittance or Service, gain a Settlement in the Parish in which the said Asylum is or shall be situate.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons who shall make and subscribe any Certificate or Declaration which the Committee of the said Corporation for the Time being, or any three or more of them present at any of their Weekly or other Meetings shall or may require to be made and subscribed, previous to and for the Purpose of the Admission of any Orphan Girl into the said Asylum, according to the Rules of the said Charity, shall, in and by any such Certificate or Declaration, knowingly and wilfully certify or declare any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue; every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, City, Borough, Town, or Place where any such Offender shall be so convicted, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time nos exceeding two Years, Qor less than (lx Calendar Months, in Lhe Discretion of the Court before whom any such Offender shall be so convicted.

---

Cap. lxi.

An Act for repealing two Acts, one made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the other in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Half-way House, in the Parish of Lower Compton, in the County of Dorset, through the Towns of Yeovil, Crewkerne, and Chard, to the East End of the Town of Axminster, in the County of Devon, and several other Roads therein mentioned; and also, for repealing so much of an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, as relates to repairing the Road from the Direction Post in Widcombe Moor, through Street Ash Lane, to Chard, and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes, and for altering and diverting certain Parts of the said Roads.

[20th June 1800.]

[26 Geo. II. Cap. 69; 17 Geo. III. Cap. 89. and Part of 18 Geo. III. Cap. 97. repealed. This Act to continue for twenty-one Years, &c. from the Tuesday fortnight after the passing thereof.]

Cap. lxii.

An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending an Act, passed in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Elsdon high Cross, near the Town of Elsdon, in the County of Northumberland, to the Red Swyre, upon the Mid Border between England and Scotland.

[20th June 1800.]

[16 Geo. III. Cap. 83. revived, and continued for twenty-one Years, &c.]

Cap. lxiii.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Port of Borrowstounness, by the West of the Borough of Linlithgow, and by the Towns of Torpichen, Bathgate, and Whiteburn, and from thence Southward to the Confines of the County of Linlithgow, at or near Hollhouseburn.

[20th June 1800.]

[21 Geo. III. Cap. 79. continued, and this Act to endure for 21 Years, &c. from the Expiration of the former Term.]

Cap. lxiv.

An Act to continue for twenty-one Years and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport in the County of Salop, and several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from Newport aforesaid to the Village or Place called Welsh Harp, in the Township of Stonnall, in the County of Stafford, being the third District of the said Roads.

[20th June 1800.]

[33 Geo. 2. c. 51; 28 Geo. 3. c. 86.]

---

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. lxv - lxxiii. 505

Cap. lxv.

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the Roads therein mentioned, leading from the Town of Leominster, in the County of Hereford.

[20th June 1800.]

[Former Acts, 2 Geo. II. Cap. 13; 22 Geo. II. Cap. 13; 17 Geo. III. Cap. 85; 37 Geo. III. Cap. 176. repealed. This Act to continue for twenty-one Years, &c. from the first Meeting of the Trustees.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein-mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Ruthin, in the County of Denbigh, to the Town of Mold, in the County of Flint.

[20th June 1800.]

[[30 Geo. 2. 69; 19 Geo. 3. c. 109.] See ante, c. xxxi.]

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts*, passed for amending the Highway between Hockliffe and Woburn, in the County of Bedford, and for repairing the Road leading through Woburn to Tickford Bridge, in Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks.

[20th June 1800.]

[* 1 Geo. 2. st. 2. c. 10; 16 Geo. 2. c. 4; 20 Geo. 3. c. 68.]

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending, repairing, and widening the Roads leading from the Ryeway, in the Parish of Yarpole, in the County of Hereford, to Presteigne, in the County of Radnor, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Radnor, and in the Counties Hereford and Salop.

[20th June 1800.]

[29 Geo. 2. c. 94; 18 Geo. 3. c. 111.]

Cap. lxix.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the Town of Warminster in the County of Wilts, to a Place where the Roads to Bath and Bristol divide, and from the Town of Frome to the Town of Beckington, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned.

[20th June 1800.]

[17 Geo. III. Cap. 99. continued, and this Act to endure for twenty-one Years, &c. from the Expiration of former Term.]

Cap. lxx.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repaying and widening the Road leading from the East Side of Lincoln Heath to the City of Peterborough, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Northampton and Lincoln.

[20th 1800.]

[26 Geo. 2. c. 85. 16 Geo. 3. c. 72.]

Cap. lxxi.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, to the federal Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester and Salop respectively.

[20th June 1800.]

[26 Geo. 2. c. 59. 14 Geo. 3. c. 112.]

Cap. lxxii.

An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Spalding High Bridge through Littleworth, and by Frognall, and over James Deeping Stone Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Maxey Outgang, in the County of Northampton, adjoining to the High Road there.

[20th June 1800.]

[30 Geo. 2. c. 68. 5 Geo. 3. c. 106.]

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading out of the Common Highway from Wigan to Golborn and Warrington, near the Northerly End of the Southerly Platt Bridge in Ince in Mackerfield, by Ramferlong, into the Turnpike Road from Wigan to Ashton, in Ashton in Mackerfield, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[20th June 1800.]

[For twenty-one Years, &c. from the first Meeting of the Trustees.]

506 C. lxxiv - lxxxii. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the South End of the Moor Lane, in the Township of Great Bolton, into the Turnpike Road from Manchester to Wigan, near Westhoughton Chapel, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[20th June 1800.]

[For twenty-one Years, &c. from the first Meeting of the Trustees.]

Cap. lxxv.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to such of the Roads from Tetbury, and other Places in the County of Gloucester as are comprized in the said last mentioned Act, and for amending and repairing certain other Roads in and through the Parish of Horsley, and near Tetbury aforesaid, in the said County of Gloucester.

[20th June 1800.]

[Term of former Acts to cease as to Roads mentioned in 20 Geo. 2. and recited Acts (as tathofe RoadsL and this Act, to continue for twenty-one Years, &c. from the first Meeting of Trustees under this Act.]

[31 Geo. 2. c. 65; 20 Geo. 3. c. 93.]

Cap. lxxvi

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for amending the Road from the nine Mile Stone on the Bristol Road, at or near a Place called The Clay Pits, to or near the Chapel at Stone, and also the Roads to or near Berkeley, Dursley, Wotton-under-Edge, Stroud, and Sodbury, and several other Roads in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts, except so far as the said Act relates to the Roads to or near Sodbury aforesaid.

[20th June 1800.]

[The Term of that Act, as to the Roads herein mentioned, to cease; and the said Act, and this Act, to continue for twenty-one Years, &c. from the first Meeting of the Trustees under this Act.]

[19 Geo. 3. c. 118.]

Cap. lxxvii.

An Act to empower the Guardians of the Most Noble Henry Duke of Newcastle, an infant, to grant Leases of certain Parts of his Estates in the County of Nottingham.

[20th June 1800.]

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act for vesting certain detached Parts of the Estates devised by the Will of Michael Hicks Esquire, in the Counties of Essex, Norfolk, Suffolk, and Gloucester, and in London, in Trustees for carrying into Execution certain Agreements for Sale of Parts thereof, and to sell the other Parts thereof, and to apply the Money arising from such Sales in the Purchase of other Estates in the said County of Gloucester, to be settled to the same Uses.

[20th June 1800.]

Cap. lxxix.

An Act for vesting the Estates of Penyston Portlock Powney Esquire, deceased, situate in the County of Berks, in Trustees, to be sold, for paying Incumbrances and Debts, and for laying out the Surplus under the Directions of the Court of Chancery in the Purchase of other Estates, to be conveyed to the Trustees of the Will of the said Penyston Portlock Powney, in lieu thereof.

[20th June 1800.]

Cap. lxxx.

An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of the Holy Trinity of Chichester, and the Right Honourable sames Lord Selsey, and the Honourable John Peachey, of certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Sussex.

[20th June 1800.]

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act for more effectually vesting and facilitating the raising of a Sum of ten thousand Pounds, which, by the Settlement of the Family Estates of the Right Honourable George Augustus Earl of Guilford, was provided for the Portions of his younger Children, in and fen the Benefit of the Honourable Lady Maria North, (the only Child of the said Earl by the Right Honourable Maria Countess of Guilford, his late Wife,) if she shall live to attain the Age of twenty one Years, or to be married.

[20th June 1800.]

Cap. lxxxii.

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Tristram Huddlestone Jervoise Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise therefrom, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses.

[20th June 1800.]

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C.lxxxiii - lxxxvi. 507

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act for investing Part of the Personal Estate of Robert Child Esquire, deceased, in the Purchase of an Estate, situate near Osterley Park, in the County of Middlesex, to be settled upon the Trusts, and for the Purposes therein mentioned.

[20th June 1800.]

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Act for vesting the Settled Estates of Sir Clement Cottrell Dormer, which were devised by the Will of William Phillips Lee Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, and for other Purposes.

[20th June 1800.]

Cap. lxxxv.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Llanfwrog, in the County of Denbigh.

[20th June 1800.]

Cap. lxxxvi.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Walton upon Thames, and the Manor of Walton Leigh, in the County of Surrey.

[20th June 1800.]

---

WHEREAS there are certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Pari (h of Walton-upon-Thames, in the County of Surrey; and also divers Commons and Waste Lands within or belonging to the several Manors of Walton-upon-Thames, Walton Leigh, Rectory of Walton-utoon- Thames, Mbulfey Math am, and Sandon, in the said Parish of Walton-upon-Thames, and in the Parish of Chertsey, in the said County of Surrey; but the Parts or Proportions of the said Commons and Waste

Lands, belonging to the said several Manors are unknown, or lie intermixed and open to each other: And whereas the King’s most Excellent Majesty, in Right of his Crown, is Lord of the said Manor of Walton

Leigh, in the said several Parishes of Walton-upon-Thames and Chertsey, subject to a certain Grant or

Lease thereof, now vested in his Royal Highness Frederick Duke of liork, and in Richard Palmer DoAor in Divinity; and the said Duke of York and Richard Palmer are Lords of the said Manor of Walton-upon-Thames, in the said several Parishes of Walton-upon-Thames and Chertsey; Sarah D’Oyly Widow is Lady of the said Manor of the Reilory of Walton-upon-Thames, in the said Parish of Walton-upon-Thames \ 4 Sir John Frederick Baronet is Lord of the said Manor of Sandon; Sir Beaumont Hotham Knight and Thomas Sutton Esquire are Lords of the said Manor of Moulsey Matham, Parts of which two last mentioned Manors extend into the said Parish of Walton-upon-Thames \ and the Right Honourable ' George Carpenter Earl of Tyrconnel, in the Kingdom of Ireland, is Lord of the Manor of Hersham, otherwise Waterville EJ))er with Hersham, a Part of which Manor is by him claimed to extend into the said Parish of Walton-upon-Thames: And whereas the said Sarah D'Oyly is Owner of the Rectory Impropriate of Walton-upon-Thames aforesaid, and as such is seised of and entitled unto all the Tythes, both Great and Small, growing, arising, or renewing^ within the Parish of Walton-upon-Thames aforesaid, and to Open and Glebe Land there, and Right of Common in respect thereof, and his said Majesty is Patron of the Vicarage of Walton-upon-Thames aforesaid, and the Reverend Thomas D'Oyly Clerk is Vicar there- of, and as such is entitled to a Vicarage House and Right of Common in Walton-upon-Thames aforesaid, and to the yearly Sum of twelve Pounds from the Rectory Impropriate of Walton-upon-Thames aforesaid, now belonging to the said Sarah D'Oyly, and which is now paid by the said Sarah D'Oyly out of the Rectory Impropriate aforesaid; and the Great Tythes growing, arising, or renewing within so much of the said Manor of Walton Lei^h as is situate in the Parish of Chertsey aforesaid, belong to Sir Joseph Maw- Baronet, an^ Jacob Henry Franks Esquire, or one of them: And whereas his said Majesty (subject to certain grants or Leases heretofore made and now subsisting) and his said Royal Highness Frederick Duke of York, the said John Frederick, Sir Beaumont Hotham, and Thomas Sutton, the said Richard Palmer and Sarah D'Oyly, the Right Honourable Charles Earl of Tankerville, the Honourable Francis Pelham, Sir Henry Fletcher Baronet, Edward Peppin, John Kemeys Tynte, Robert Hibbert, Richard North, Edmund Boehm, and Milnes Lowndes Esquires, and several otherj Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of the said Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and of divers Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said several Manors, in the said Parishes of Walton- upon-Thames and Chertsey, and in respect thereof, or otherwise, are entitled to Right of Common upon the said Commons and Waste Lands: And whereas the Lands and Grounds of the respective Proprietors in the said Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and the same, and also the said Commons and Waste Lands, in their present State are incapable of much Improvement; and it would be of great Advantage to the several Persons interested, if the said Open Common Fields were divided and inclosed, and the said Meadows and Pastures divided, and specifick Parts allotted to the several Proprietors thereof, in Proportion to their respective Property therein; and if the said Commons and Waste Lands were divided and inclosed, and specifick Parts allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights; and if Allotments were made in lieu of the Tythes of the said Open Common h ields. Meadows, and Pastures, and Commons and Waste Lands, in Manner herein after mentioned: But such Division, Inclosure, and Allotment cannot be established

508 C. lxxxvi. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Allotment to his Majesty as Lord of the Manor of Walton Leigh, for Right oi' Soil.

Allotments to Lords of Manors of Walton-upon-Thames,

Allotments for tiic L le of the poor Occupiers only.

j- A finrtxlar Clause is introduced in the subsequent c. Iixxvii. §35, 36.J

[>cfore one

Justice; by Dif-treU and bale,

without the Aid and Authority of Parliament May it therefore please your Majesty that it may been-acted; and be it enacted, &c.

Commissioners appointed for dividing and allotting Commons, lyfe. and their Powers, tfr. §1-30. Allotments for Tythes. §30 - 33. Allotments in respect of Glebe. §34. Allotment to the Vicir of Walton. §35."

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, in the next Place, to set out, allot, and award, unto and for the King’s most Excellent Majesty, as Lord of the Manor of Walton Leigh aforesaid, to be held by his said Royal Highness Frederick Duke of York, and the said Richard Palmer, as Lessees of the said Manor, under and by virtue of the said subsisting Lease from the Crown, in Proportion to their respective Interests therein, one Sixteenth Part of all the Commons and Waste Lands within the said Manor of Walton Leigh, in lieu of and as a Recompence for his and their Right, as Lord and Lefties of the Manor aforesaid, to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Lands within such Manor, exclusive of the Lands to be allotted to his said Majesty and his Lessees, in lieu of his and their Rights and Interests in the said Commons and Waste Lands, in respect of the several Messuages, Cottages, Demesne Lands, and other Lands belonging to the Crown within the said Manor.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, in the next Place, to set out, allot, and award unto and for his said Royal Highness Frederick Duke of York, and the said Richard Palmer, Lords of the Manor of Walton upon-Th a me s aforesaid, in Proportion to their respective Interests therein, to the said Sarah DJOy!y9 Lady of the Manor of the Rectory of Walton-upon-Thames aforesaid, to the said SirjWfl Frederick, Lord of the Manor of Sandon aforesaid, to the said Sir Beaumont Hotham and Thomas Sutton, Lords of the Manor of Moulsey Matham aforesaid, and to the said Earl of Tyrconnel, Lord of hie said Manor of Hcrsham9 other wise Wateruille Ejher with Hersham, in respect of so much of their said respective Manors as lie within or extend into the said Parish of Walton-upon-Thames, one Sixteenth Part of all the Commons and Waste Lands lying within the said Parish of Walton-upon-Thames, to be divided amongst the Lords of the said several Manors, in Proportion to the Quantity and Quality of the Waste Lands belonging to their said Manors respectively, lying within the Parish of Walton-upon-Thames aforesaid, in lieu of the Rights of the Lords of the said several Manors in and to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Lands respectively.

XXXVIII. And whereas it is intended to give and allow to such Poor as are real and true Occupiers of Cottages within the said Parishes and Manor respectively, a Share and Interest of and in the said Commons and Waste Lands, in respect of their Occupation thereof and Residence therein only as herein after mentioned be it therefore further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and, they are hereby required, in the next Place, to set out and allot distinct Parts and Parcels of the said Commons and Waste Lands hereby directed to be inclosed, exclusive of all Roads and Ways in and over the same, in the several Proportions following; (that is to say,) in the said Parish of Walton-upon-Thames, two hundred Acres in the Whole, one hundred and sixty Acres, Part thereof upon Walton Common, situate between Oatlandty Burwcody and Afloley Parks, beginning at the Road from Walton to Ejhery in a Line with the old Gravel Pits, and extending South-west, and the Remainder of the said two hundred Acres in such other Place or Places as the Commissioners shall direct: In the said Manor of Walton Leigh, in the said Pariflb of Chertsey, sixty Acres, in one or more Piece or Pieces, and in such Place or Places as the said Commissioners shall think proper; which said distinct Parts and Parcels of the said Commons and Waste Lands so to be set out and allotted, shall be and remain to and for the Use of the real and true Occupiers only of Cottages (landing and being within the said Parish and Manor respectively, the yearly Rent of which shall not exceed five Pounds, and having no other House or Place of Residence; and such Occupiers for the Time being shall at all Times afterwards have the foie and exclusive Right of using the said Parts and Parcels of the said Commons and Waste Lands so to be set out and allotted, for the Purpose of Pasture, and of cutting Turf, Furze, and Heath for Fuel, in equal Proportions, according to the Number of the said Houses and Cottages, without paying any Thing for such Use; and when and so soon as the said Allotments shall be assigned and set out, the same shall respectively be and become vested in the respective Ministers, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parflhesof Walton-upon-Thames and Chertsey aforesaid, for the Time being, and their Successors, in all the Landholders of one hundred Pounds for Annum 9 and in fourof the Cottagers of each of the said Parishes, to be for that Purpose respectively chosenat Vestries to be held at Easter in every Year, who, or a Majority of them, shall have full Powers to make Orders and Regulations for the Use, Management, draining, levelling, and other Improvements, of and for the Stints of the Commonage thereof, and for the Protection and Preservation of the Herbage, Turf, Ground, and Soil thereof, and for the Employments and Appointments of proper Persons to execute such Rules and Orders, and to overlook such Lands, and to impound Castle which shall be found trespassing thereon contrary to such Regulations, and to order Payment of all nedeilary Expences thereby incurred, not exceeding in any oue Year the Sum of ten Pounds, out of the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor of the said respect: ve Ps-riftus; which Sum the Overseers of the Poor of such respective Parishes are hereby required and authorised to pay accordingly, and which shall be allowed to them in their Accounts; and in case any other Person or Persons, not really and truly occupying a House or Cottage of such yearly Value and Descriptions as hereinbefore mentioned, shall at any imeor Times turn out Sheep or Castle of any Sort, or cut any Heath, Turf, or Furze, or dig, take, or carry away the Soil, on the said distinct Parts and Parcels of the said Commons and Waste Lands so to be set out and allotted as next before mentioned, every such Person so offending, being thereof convicted, shall forfeit and pay for each such Offence the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be recovered and applied in Manner herein after directed: Provided always, That no Person or Persons shall, by reason of haying any Right of using the said Parts and Parcels of the said Commons and Waste

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. lxxxvi. 509

Lands last herein-before directed^o be set out and allotted, be disqualified from voting at any Election or with Coils; Ek&ions of Members to serve in Parliament. applicable as

the Commissioners may direct. $ 7#.]

u Allotments for the Poor House of Walton. { 39. Allotment of the Residue. §40 - 45."

XLVI. And whereas his said Majesty, as Lord of the said Manor of Walton Leigh* and his said Royal Power to fell c Highness Frederick Duke of York* and the said Richard Palmer* as Lessees of the said Manor, under and by virtue of the said subsisting Lease thereof from the Crown, and his said Royal Highness Frederick Riglht *0 Tim-c Duke of York, and the said Richard Palmer, as Lords of the said Manor of Walton-upon-Thames, are re- ber and Trees- spectively willing to release and discharge all Heriotsdueand payable to the Lords of the said Manors, out &c.

of, or from, or Tor, or in respect of any Customary or Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held of the said Manors, and also to release and discharge all or any of the Customary or Co-

pyhold Lands heldof the said Manors, of and from all Claim and Right due by Custom of the said Ma-

nors, or either of them, to the Lords thereof, of, in, and to any Timber or Trees felled upon* or from all or any such Customary or Copyhold Lands, on being paid such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be be found an adequate Recompence and Compensation for the same as herein after mentioned / be it therefore enacted, That if the Owner or Owners of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said respective Manors of Walton Leigh and Walton-upon-Pbames, shall be defirousof making a Satisfaction or Compilation for releasing and discharging such Estates of and from all Heriots, and all Claim and Right of, in, and to such Timber and Trees as aforesaid, by Payment of a Sum of Money, and shall cause Notice thereof in Writing to be given to the said Commissioners, or any one of them, before the making the Award herein after last directed, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and empowered and directed, to ascertain, fix, and determine what Sum or Sums of Money should be paid byevery such Owner giving Notice as aforesaid, as and for a full and equivalent Compensation and Satisfaction for releasing and discharging such Estates of and from all Heriots, and all Claim and Right of, in, and to such Timber and Trees as aforesaid; and such Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid to the said Commissioners for the Use of the Lords of the said respeCU ive Manors, and the Lessees of the said Manor of Walton Leigh, in Proportion to their respective Interests therein, at such Place or Places, and at such Time or Times, as the said Commissioners shall appoint; and the Receipt or Receipts of the said Commissioners shall be a sufficient Discharge and Discharges to the said Person and Persons for such Sum and Sums of Money so to be paid to them the said Commissioners as aforesaid; and the Person or Persons paying the same, shall not in any Case be answerable for the Application or Misapplication thereof.

Customary or Copyhold Estates shall be tfifeharged accordingly from all Heriots, and Claim and Right to 4* Timber and Trees, &V. §47."

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be paid For apprcnrla-for releasing and discharging any Estate or Estates held of the said Manor of Walton Leigh, from the Pay- tltlf h,s ment of Heriots, or for discharging any such Estate or Estates from any Claim or Right to Timber or Mone/rtcdv- Trees growing thereon as aforesaid, shall be divided by the said Commissioner into two distinct Parts or C(j for Heriots Shares, in Proportion to the respective Interests of the King’s most Excellent Majesty as Lord of the said and Timber in Manor, and of his said Royal Highness Frederick Duke of York, and the said Richard Palmer* _as Lessees of 1,1 - Manor of the said Manor, and that the Share or Proportion thereof which shall be adjudged by the said Commissioners Wa,ton to belong to his Majesty, shall be paid by the said Commissioners into the Bank of England\ to the Account of the Commissioner of his Majesty's Treasury, directed to be opened by an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making perpetual* subject to Redemption and 38 Geo. 3. C. 60.

- Purchase in the Manner therein Jlated\ the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land §47. Tax* for one Year from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight* and applied to or for the Purposes therein expressed.

4t Application of other Monies paid for relcafing Heriots, &c. {49 — 51. Powers as to Allotments, Expences,

<3c* §52 — 71. An Award stating the several Allotments shall be made by the Commissioners. { 72."

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to commissioners make an Extract on Parchment under their Hands and Seals, of so much of their General Award herein- to make an £x-before directed to be made, as shall contain an accurate Description of the Allotment or Allotments so to be trad of so mqch made to his said Majesty, or his Lessee or Lessees, together with such Regulations or Provisions relative to of the Awr(1. the said Allotment or Allotments, or to any other Rights or Intereib of his Majesty, or his Lessee or Lessees, as may be contained in such Award, and also a Map or Plan of such Allotment or Allotments, and jotment/and to transmit the same to the Surveyor General of his Majesty's Land Revenue for the Lime being, within (lx deliver the same Calendar Months after the making and executing the said Award, to be by him tiled and kept among the to the Surveyor Muniments of his Office. General of the

Land Kcvcnuci

€t Two reduced Plans to be made of all the Lands affected by the Act. §74* General Powers. { 7 c-

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall prejudice, lessen, or defeat, the Saving Rights Right, Title, or Interest of his said Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or his Lessees, or his said Royal of his Majesty

---

510 C. lxxxvi, lxxxvii. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

[Lords of the Manors.]

---

Highness Frederick Duke of Tor}?, the said Richard Palmer, Sarah D90y, Sir John Frederick, Sir Beau-

Manor*. mont j-[Qtharn^ anu Thomas Sutton, or of any or either of them, or of any other Person or Persons who shall

respectively for the Time being be Lord or Lords of any Manor or Manors, Lordship or Lordships, or reputed Manors or Lordships within the Jurisdictions or Limits whereof the said Open Arable Fields and Meadows, Commons and Waste Lands hereby directed to be inclosed, or any Part thereof respectively, are comprised, of, in, or to the Seigniory or Royalties incident and belonging to such Manors or Lordships, or. any of them; but that his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and such other Lord or Lords for the Time being, shall and may at all Times hereafter hold and enjoy the same, and all Rights and Services,

Courts, Perquisites, and Profits of Courts, Franchises, Privileges, Waifs, Estrays, and all other Royalties, Rights, and Appurtenances to such Manors or Lordships respectively incident or belonging, (other than those which are intended to be barred and destroyed by this Act,) in as full, ample, extensive, and beneficial a Manner, as they respectively could or might have held and enjoyed the same in case this Act had not been made.

---

"General Saving. §83. Publick Act §84."

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows and Pastures, Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parishes of Byfleet and Weybridge, and Manor of Byfleet, with its Members, in the County of Surrey.

[20th June 1800.]

---

WHEREAS there are certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Parishes of Byfleet and Weybridge, and Manor of Bvfleet, with its Members in the County of Surrey, and also divers Commons and Waste Lands in the said Parishes and Manor; but the Parts and Proportions

thereof belonging to the respective Parishes are unknown, or lie intermixed and open to each other, but are all within the said Manor: And whereas the King’s most Excellent Majesty, in Right of his Crown, is Lord of the said Manor of Byfleet with its Members, subject to a Grant or Lease thereof, now veftedin his Royal Highness Frederick Duke of Fork: And whereas his said Majesty is Patron of the Rectories of Byfleit and Weybridge aforesaid, and the Reverend George Sewell Clerk, is Kedtor of the Parish and Parish Church of Byfleet aforesaid, and as such is entitled to all the Tythes, both Great and Small, arising within the said Panfn, or to certain Compositions in lieu thereof, and likewise to a Rectory House and Glebe Lands in Bvfleet aforesaid and Right of Common in respect thereof; and the Reverend Francis Heultah Doctor in Divinity, is Re&or of the Parish and Parish Church of Weybridge aforesaid, and as such isen- titled to all the Tythes, both Great and Small, arising within the said Parish, or to certain Compositions in lieu thereof, and likewise to a Rectory House and Glebe Lands at Weybridge aforesaid, and Right erf Common in respect thereof: And whereas his said Majesty (subject to certain Grants or Leases here-

tofore made and now subsisting) and his said Royal Highness Frederick Duke of York, the Right Honourable Charles Earl of Portmore, Robert Sparks and George Paine Esquires, and several other Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of the said Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and of diver* Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Parishes of Byfleet and Weybridge, and in respect thereof or otherwise, are entitled to Right of Common upon the said Commons and Waste Lands: And whereas the Lands and Grounds of the respective Proprietors in the said Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels; and the same, and also the said Commons and Waste Lands, in their present State are incapable of much Improvement j 4 and it would be of great Advantage to the several Persons interested, if the said Open Common Fields were divided and inclosed, and the (laid Meadows and Pastures divided, and specifick Parts allotted to the several Proprietors thereof, in Proportion to their respective Property therein 5 and if the said Commons and Waste Lands were divided and inclosed, and specifick Parts allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights; and if Allotments were made in lieu of the Tythes of the said Commons and Waste Lands in Manner herein after mentioned: But such Division, Inclosure, and

Allotment cannot be established without the Aid and Authority of Parliament 1* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted, 6Y.

Commissioners appointed, as in Cap. lxxxvi. §1 - 32."

Allotments to

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, Lord of Manor in the next Place, tofet out, allot, and award, unto and for the King’s most Excellent Majesty, as Lord of ?ts Member*1*1 l^e ^anor with ’ts Members aforesaid, and to and for his said Royal Highness Frederick Duke of

for Ri^iit of York, as Leftee of the said Manor, under and by virtue of the said subsisting Lease from the Crown, one SoH. 6 Sixteenth Part of all the Commons and Waste Lands lying within the Manor of Byfleet, with its Members

aforesaid, in lieu of and as a Recompence for his and their Right as Lord and Leftee of the Manor aforesaid, to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Lands, exclusive of the Lands to be allotted jo his said Majesty and his Leftee, in lieu of his and their Rights and Interests in the said Commons and Waste Lands, in respect of the several Messuages, Cottages, Demesne Lands, and other Lands belonging to the Crown within the said Manor.

Allotment to

XXXIV. And whereas the King’s most Excellent Majesty is seised of or entitled to two Rabbit his Majesty in Warrens on the Heath, within the said Manor,* be it therefore further enabled, That the said Commis-cefpedt of lUb- ftoners shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to ascertain, according to the best ef their Judgment,

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. lxxxvii, lxxxviii. 511

the Value of the said Rabbit Warrens, and of the Right of keeping such Warrens on the said Heath, bjt Warrens 0,1 an 1 then the said Commissioners are hereby required to set out, allot, and award unto and for the said King’s 1 f cat Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, over and above the Allotment herein directed to be made to him as Lord% of tht fnd Manor, such Part and i ,tuc(i of the Residue of the said Commons and Wufte Lands within the said Manor, and her by directed to be inclosed, as in their Judgment shall be equal to the ascertained Vahie Of such Property as aforesaid.

XLIII. And where his said Majesty, as Lord of the said Manor of Byfleefvt\t\\ its Members, and his said Royal Highness Frederick DnLe ot lori as Lessee of the said Manor, under and by virtue of the said subsisting Lease from the Crown, are willing to release and discharge all Heriots due and payable to the Lord of the said eianor, out of or from, or for or in respect of any Customary or Copyhold Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, heldof the said Manor and also to release and discharge all or any of the Customary or Copyhold L nos held of the said Manor, of and from all Claim and Right due by Custom of the said Manor to the Lord thereof, of, in, and to any Timber or Trees felled upon or from all or any such Customary or Copynolu Lands, on being paid such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be deem*

ed an adequate Recompence and Compensation for the same as herein after mentioned :* Be it therefore enacted,

Power to sell all Heriots, anch Claim and Right to Timber and Trees [as under $ 46 and 47 of Cap.

lxxxvi.]. His Majesty's Share of the Money received for Heriots and Timber in the Manor of Byfleet, to be paid into the Bank according to the Direction of 38 Geo. III. Cap. 60. *47. {as in §48 of Cap.

lxxxvi.) §45*. Commissioners to make an Extract of so much of their Award as describes his Majesty's 44 Allotment, and to deliver the same to the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue. §71. {asunder §73 44 of Cap. lxxxvi.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall prejudice, lessen, or defeat the Saving the Right, Title, or Interest of his said Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or his Lessee, or of any or either of Rights of his them, or of any other Person or Persons who shall respectively for the Time being be Lord or Lords of the Lord of the said Manor of Byfleet with its Members of, in, or to the Seigniory or Royalties incident and belonging to' Manors, such Manor or Lordship, or any of them; but that his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and such other Lord or Lords for the Time being, shall and may at all Times hereafter hold and enjoy the same, and all Rights and Services, Courts, Perquisites and Profits of Courts, Franchises, Privileges, Waifs, Estrays, and all other Royalties, Rights, and Appurtenances, to such Manor or Lordship incident or belonging,

(other than those which are intended to be barred and destroyed by this ActJ in as full, ample, extensive, and beneficial a Manner as they respectively could or might have held and enjoyed the same in case this Act bad not been made.

LXXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Thing herein contained shall not ex*- Reserving the tend, or be construed to extend, to authorize any Obstruction in, or otherwise prejudice the Towing Paths Right of the belonging to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, within the Limits specified in

*hisAct.: Paths,

---

[Public Act.]

"General Saving. §82. §83."

Cap. lxxxviii.

An Act for extending the Royalty of the City of Glasgow over certain adjacent Lands; for paving, lighting, and cleansing the Streets, for regulating the Police, and appointing Officers and Watchmen; for dividing the City into Wards, and appointing Commissioners; and for raising Funds, and giving certain Powers to the Magistrates and Council, and Town and Dean of Guild Courts for the above and other Purposes.

[30th June 1800.]

---

[Inhabitants

LXXIX. AND be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to and in the Power of the said Lord Provost Inhabitants

l\ and Magistrates of the said City, and other Commissioners aforesaid, to cause Enumera- maybeenume* tions of the Inhabitants to be made from Time to Time, and as often as they shall think expedient, and to "ted* employ proper Persons for thar Purpose, to be paid from the said Assessments; and all Innkeepers and [For the Pur- M a Hers of Hotels, Publick Houses, Lodging Houses, and other Houses of Entertainment, shall, and they pofcsofth*

are hereby ordered and required on such Occasions, and at all other Times when required by the Lord Pro-voft or any of the said Magistrates, or any Officer or other P'erson acting under or by virtue of a written Order from them, or either of them, to give the Names and Occupations of, and otherwise describe all Persons living in their Houses and Families, under the Penalty of forfeiting for each Refufel any Sum not ex--©ceding ten Shillings Sterling to be levied and applied in Manner herein after directed.

---

512 C. lxxxix - xcii. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Cap. lxxxix.

An Act to empower the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to purchase certain Houses and Grounds contiguous to the Bank of England, and to enable them to improve several Avenues adjacent thereto.

[30th June 1800.]

Cap. xc.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, two Acts made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwise Grant, Ouse, and Mildenhall Rivers, and bounded on the South-east by the hard Lands of Isleham, Fordham, Soham, and Wicken; and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level to sell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called Invested Lands; and for laying certain Rates on Vessels navigated upon the said Rivers, towards Supporting the Banks thereof.

[30th June 1800.]

[31 Geo. 1. c. 18; 29 Geo. 3. c. 22.]

Cap. xci.

An Act for better draining and preserving the Lands and Grounds in the Fourth District of the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level; and for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to the said Fourth District.

[30th June 1800.]

[27 Geo. c. 19.]

[So much of 27 Geo. II. Cap. 19. as enables the Commissioners to tax the Lands in the Fourth District for the particular or internal Works thereof, and as relates to the Power of the Commissioners over those Works repealed. New Commissioners appointed and empowered for those Purposes. 5000l. maybe borrowed by Mortgage of the Taxes.]

Cap. xcii.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Waste Lands in the Manor of Worthen, and the Manors or Townships of Aston Pigot and Aston Rogers, in the Parish of Worthen, in the County of Salop, and for draining, and otherwise improving, certain inclosed Lands adjoining or near a certain Rivulet or Brook called The Rea, commencing at or near a certain Piece of Water called Marton Pool, on the Confines of the Parish of Chirbury, and extending through the said Parish of Worthen, to a Bridge across the said River, called Horse Bridge, on the Confines of the Parish of Westbury, in the said County, and sundry Streams or Brooks emptying themselves thereinto.

[30th June 1800.]

[Penalty on Persons destroying or damaging Works of Drainage.]

---

VII. AND be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall unlawfully, wilfully, XX or maliciously spoil, damage, injure, or destroy any Watercourse, Sluice, Drain, Floodgate, Weir, Embankment, Fence, or other Work which shall be made, erected, widened, or altered in pursuance of this Act, for the preserving, draining, or improving of any of the said inclosed Lands, shall, on Conviction at any Assizes, or any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, of or for the said County of Salop, be deemed guilty of Felony, or if any Person or Persons shall in any Manner dam or stop up, damage or injure any Watercourse, Sluice, Drain, Floodgate, Weir, Embankment, Fence, or other Work aforeM, or wilfully throw, lay, place, orfuflerto be continued, any Matter or Thing for that Purpose, or for im-ptding or which shall impede the Course of the Water therein, or draw or pull up, open, shut, or let down any of the Floodgates or Sluices, for the Purpose of doing or occasioning any Injury or Damage, or whereby ary Injury or Damage shall happen to any of the lain Lands, or any other Lands near or adjoining the same, or to any of the Owners or Occupiers thereof, or shall plant any Tree cy 'Frees in any ct the said Embankment, or so near thereto as to injure the same, every such Person, being convicted thereof by his or her voluntary Confession, or on the^Oath of a credible Witness, before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Salop, not interested in the Premises, (who is hereby authorised and required to hear and determine the lame,) shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds nor less than ten Shillings, as such Justice shall adjudge and order, over and besides the Amount of the Damage thereby done, which Damage shall be ascertained by such Justice; and the said Forfeiture anc Amount of Damage shall be paid unto the said Commissioner if it be received before the Execution of the Avvaid, but if afterwards, then to the Surveyor or Surveyors, or one ct then, and such Part thereof as shall be rcceflary^shall te applied in the rectifying and repairing the said Embankments and other Works aforesaid, and the Remainder thereof paid to the Fufon or Persons so injured, in such Manner as the said JusticeILIj direct.

---

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. xciii - ci. 513

Cap. xciii.

An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty*, for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House, in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, and several other Roads therein mentioned.

[30th June 1800.]

[* 17 Geo. 3. c. 75.]

Cap. xciv.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, as relates to the Road from Parkhouse, to or near the Three Mile House, in the County of Lanark.

[30th June 1800.]

[34. Geo. III. Cap. 140. and this Act, to continue for twenty-one Years, &c. as to the Roads in this Act, or to expire when the Roads are completed, and all Debts and Charges paid.]

Cap. xcv.

An Act for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Hundred House, in the County of Worcester, and also several other Roads therein mentioned.

[30th June 1800.]

[Acts 26 Geo. II. Cap. 50.; 16 Geo. III. Cap. 78. repealed (except as they repealed former Acts). This Act to commence July 15, and continue, for twenty-one Years, &c.]

Cap. xcvi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair, the Road from a certain Bridge over a brook or Stream called Sudbrook, near the City of Gloucester, to the Nine Mile Stone on the Bristol Road, at or near a Place called The Clay Pits, in the County of Gloucester.

[30th June 1800.]

---

[The Act' 19 Geo. III. Cap. 93. repealed as to the Tolls, and new Tolls granted from July 5. This Act and recited Act (except as altered) to continue for twenty-one Yeats, (&. from the second Thursday after passing this Act.]

Cap. xcvii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Gloucester to the Town of Stroud, in the County of Gloucester.

[30th June 1800.]

[The Act 18 Geo. III. Cap. 98. repealed as to the Tolls* and new Tolls granted from July 5, Continuance of the Acts the same as in Cap. xcvi.

Cap. xcviii.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates devised by the Will of Sir Patrick pfake Baronet, deceased, situate and being in the Counties of Middlesex and Suffolk, in Trustees, to be sold fur Payment of Incumbrances affecting the same Estates, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, and for lay ing out the Surplus of the Purchase Money in other Estates, upon the Trusts and for the Purposes therein exprertec.

[30th June 1800.]

Cap. xcix.

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Sir Richard Hotham Knight, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Incumbrances, and for laying out the Surplus Monies in other Estates, lobe settled in lieu thereof and to the same Uses.

[30th June 1800.]

Cap. c.

An Act for Sale of certain Estates in the Parishes of Claypole, Great Ponton, and Kirton, in the County of Lincoln, devised by the Will of the Reverend William Raft all, Doctor in Divinity, and for laying out the Money arising by Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, and for other Purposesdn the said Act mentioned.

[30th June 1800.]

Cap. ci.

An Act for enabling the Tenants for Life, under the Will of the late William Wright Esquire, to convey in Fee, or grant Leases for long Terms of Years, for the Purpose of Building, of Part of the Estates devised by the said Will, in the Counties Palatine of Chester and Lancaster.

[30th June 1800.]

5*4

Fowef to ft\\ the Diamond by Lottery.

Limiting the Sum to be raised, and the Number and Price of the Ticket*.

Lottery I»o\v to be ma^‘.

Trusters np-I'omud in -whom the Diamond is veiled.

C. cii. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Cap. cii.

An Act to enable Sir George Pigot Baronet, Margaret Fisher, and Frances Pigot, to dispose of a certain Diamond therein mentioned by a Lottery.

[ad July 1800.]

WHEREAS the Right Honourable George Lord Pigot, being possessed, at the Time of his Decease,

(amongst other Things) of a Diamond of very considerable Value, duly made and published his last Will and Testament in Writing, bearing Date the sixteenth Day of April in the Year one thousand f seven hundred and seventy-five, and thereby gave and bequeathed all the Rest, Residue, and Remainder of his Personal Estate and Effects (whereof the said Diamond was Part) unto his Brothers Sir Robert Pigot Baronet (then Robert Pigot) and Hugh Pigot, late Vice Admiral in his Majesty's Navy, and his Sifter Margaret Fisher Widow* their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns in equal Shares and Proportions, / 4 Share and Share alike: And whereas the said Sir Robert Pigot afterwards died, and by his last Will and Testament in Writing, bearing Date the eleventh Day of May in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety two, gave and bequeathed all the clear Residue of his Personal Estate and Effects unto the said Hugh Pigot, Thomas Partington, of Lincoln's Inn in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, and Edward Boodle, of Lower Brook-Street in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square in the County of Middle-€/ex, Esquire, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, upon certain Trusts therein mentioned,

whereby his Son Sir George Pigot, of Patjhul in the County of Stafford, Baronet, became and now is beneficially interested in his late Father’s undivided third Part or Sharuof and in the said Diamond: And whereas the said Hugh Pigot died intestate, (in the Lifetime of the said Sir Robert Pigot,) and Letters of Administration of the Goods, Chattels, and Credits of the said Hugh Pigot v%ere, on or about the twenty- third Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, granted by the Prerogative Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury to Frances Pigot his Widow, whereby the undivided third Part or Share of the said Hugh Pigot, of and in the said Diamond, became vested in the said Frances Pigot: And whereas the said Diamond isefteemed by skilful Lapidifts to be but little inferior in Weight, and equal in Water and Brilliancy, to fany known Diamond ix\ Europe \ and the Value thereof is now estimated at a Sum little short of thirty thousand Pounds: And whereas the said Diamond has at various Times been ft)own for Sale, but owing to its very great Valqe, no Individual hath yet been willing to purchase it;

whereby the several Persons interested therein have, for a great Number of Years, loft all the Benefit and Advantage which they otherwise would have derived therefrom, had the same been sold and disposed of: And whereas there is not row any Prospect of felling and disposing of the same, to the best Advantage, other than and except by Way of Lottery or Chance; in order therefore, that the said Sir George Ptgot, Margaret Fisher, and Frances Pigot, may be enabled to sell and dispose of the said Diamond, to the best Advantage;’ may it please your Majesty, (at the humble Petition of the said Sir George Pigot, Margaret Fisher, and Frances Pigot,) that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Sir George Pigot, Margaret Fisher, and Prances Pigot, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, and they are hereby authorised to sell and dispose of the said Diamond, by Way of Lottery or Chance, without being subject dr liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by any Actor Adfeof* Parliament against any Sale or Sales by Way of Lottery, or by Lots, Tickets, Numbers, or Figures; and that such Sale or Sales, so to be made of the said Diamond by the said Sir George Pigot, Mar-

faret Fisher, and Frances Pigot, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, (subject only to the Terms, ‘rovifoes, and Restrictions, herein mentioned,) shall he good, valid, and effectual; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Money so to be raised by the said Sir George Pigot, Margaret Fisher, and Frances Pigot, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall not exceed the Sum of twenty-three thousand nine hundred and ninety-eight Pounds and iixteeu Shillings upon the Sale of the said Diamond; and that the Number of Tickets shall not in the Whole exceed Eleven thousand (bur hundred and twenty-eight, to be numbered respectively from one to eleven thousand four hundred and twenty-eight, both inclusive, at and for the Price of two Guineas for each Ticket.

H Notice to be given in the Gazette of the Intention to sell by a Lottery. §3."

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Diamond shall constitute one Prize only; and such Prize shall be determined by the Drawing of the first State Lottery within this Kingdom, to be drawn by Authority of Parliament alter the passing of this Act; and that the first Ticket that shall he drawn in such State Lottery, the Number whereof corresponds with any Number to be issued by the said Sir George Pigot, Margaret F 1 fliers and Frances Pigot, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall be and is^hereby declared to be the Prize.

\\ And be it further eni&ed, That before such Notice shall be given in the London Gazette as aforesaid, the kid Diamond shall be deposited in the Bank of England, in the Names of the Trustees herein appointed; and immediately on such Notice being given as aforeund, the absolute Right and Property of, in, and over the said Diamond, shall be pledged and vested in the Right Honourable Lord Granville Leveson Gower, the Honourable Edward Alonckton, and Edward Stracey the younger, Esquire, Barrister at Law, and the Survivors and Survivor of hem, and such other Person or Persons as shall or may be appointed under and in pursuance

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. cii—civ. 515

pursuance of this Act, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, their and his Executors and Administrators,

10 Trust nevertheless from and immediately after the Drawing of the fortunate Number, for the Holder of the fortunate Ticket; and the same Diamond shall be and is hereby declared to be freed and discharged of, from, and aeainst all Rent and Arrears of Rent, Assignments, Sales. Judgments, Executions, Titles,

Charges, Debts, and Incumbrances whatsoever, and shall become the Property of and be delivered to the Bearer of such fortunate Ticket, by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of an Order for that Purpose, to be signea by the said Trustees for the Time being, which Order they are hereby authorised and required to give at any Time after the drawing and determining the Prize, upon Demand made to them for that Purpose, and on Production of the Ticket containing such fortunate Number as aforesaid.

For appointing new Trustees. §6"

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or Bank nottofee the said Trustees, shall not in any Manner be answerable or responsible for the Officers or Servants of the responsible. said Governor and Company, in the Care or keeping Possession of the said Diamond, or otherwise relating thereto; any Thing herein-contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

[Publick Act.]

Expences of the Act to be paid from the Sale of the Tickets. §8. §9."

Cap. ciii.

An Act for enabling the Most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, and the Duke of Richmond for the Time being, to charge with Jointures the Annuity of nineteen thousand Pounds, (payable out of the Consolidated Fund, in lieu of the Coal Duty granted by K\t\gCharles the Second to Charles first Duke of Richmond, and the Heirs of his Body,) and the Stocks on Transfer of which the said Annuity is made redeemable, and for enabling the Sale of Part of the said Stocks, and investing the Money arising from any such Sale in the Purchase of Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, and for other Purposes.

[2d July 1800.]

Cap. civ.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the recovering of small Debts ', and for the relieving of poor Debtors in London; and an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the above-mentioned Act; and likewise for extending the Powers of the Court of Requests in the City of London, in and by the said two several Acts continued and established.

[9th July 1800.]

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament was passed in the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King James the First, intituled, An Act for the recovering of Small Debts, and for the relieving of Poor Debtors in London: And whereas an Act of Parliament was passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the third Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act for the recovering of Small Debts, and for the relieving of Poor Debtors in London ;M which said Acts have been found useful and beneficial, but the same are in feme Respects defective and insufficient fully to answer the good Purposes thereby intended: And whereas if the Number of the Commissioners of the Court of Requests in the City of London were limited and ascertained as herein after mentioned; and if the Powers of the said Court under the two recited Acts of Parliament were extended to the Recovery of Debts not exceeding Five Pounds, it would be attended with beneficial Eftefts to the Publick s And whereas it would greatly alleviate the Distresses of the honed and unfortunate Debtor, if the said Court was enabled to order Payment of Debts, for which Judgment shall be given, by Instalments at stated Periods, which may be possible for the Debtor to pay, though it may be absolutely impossible for him or her to satisfy the whole Debt in one Sum: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether Persons residing within the City of London, or the Liberties thereof, and indebted to Persons not residing within the same City or Liberties, are subject to the Jurisdiction of the said Court; and whether Rent due from Lodgers and others. Wages due to Workmen or Servants, or the Quarterage due and payable by the several Members of the Publick Companies of the said City, were recoverable in the said, Court$ and also whether Attornies and Solicitors, and other Officers of any of the Courts of Law or Eciuity, are subject to the Processes of the said Court: And whereas it would be attended with very beneficial Eftefts to the Publick, if all Debts, whether upon simple Contract or otherwise, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, (except such Debts where to it is herein after* expressly declared that this Act shall not extend,) were recoverable in the said Court :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much and such Parts of the said twQ recited Acts of the third Year of King James the First, and the fourteenth Year of King George the Second, as confine or restrain the Cognizance or Jurisdiction of the Court of Requests of the City of London to Debts not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, shall (from and after the thirtieth Day of September one thousand eight hundred) be, and the same are hereby repealed.

[See 39 Geo. 3*

c. 84.

39 & 40 Geo. 3»

*43-1

3 Jac. L c. 15P 14 Geo. 2. C. 20.

tt n.I

So much of recited Acts as restrains the Jurisdiction of the Court of

Requests of the City to Debts not exceeding 40s. shall, from September 30, 1800, be repealed*

3U2

5*6 C. civ. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Cotnn\47H>*rs

ap|‘( intcri wi10 fr.?U u; m Kq. rttion.

II. And, for the due and regular appointing, and for limiting and ascertaining the Number of the Commissioners of the said Court of Requests,’ be it further enacted, That two Aldermen of the City of London-, together with not less than twenty Inhabitant Householders of the respective Wards or Districts herein after mentioned (including the Common Council Men for the Time being of the said respective Wards or Districts) shall be nominated and appointed in such Manner as hath been heretofore accustomed to be Commissioners of, and to lit as usual in the said Court, for one Calendar Month, in the Rotation following; (that is to say*) -

In the present Year 1800. For the Month of October of the Ward of Cheap.

- November - Bread Street.

December Cindlewnl:*

13oi. - January D rugate*

- February Ft id ye.

- March lAaihroolt.

- April - Bnjjifroaw.

- May Cordwainer.

- June - Cctcman Street*

- July - Part ingdon within.

- August - Cripplegate within and without,

- September mm foivei'm

- October mm Aldgate and Lime Street.

- November Bijhojfate within and without.

- December Big 2d Street.

1802. - January - Billingsgate.

- February. Cornhill.

- March -H. Alderjgote within and without*

—. April - teen forth*

_. May - CajUe Baynard.

- June u Farr ingdon without.

- m July m PGrtjoken*-

- dupujl - Vintry*

- September - Langbourn*

And that such Commissioners shall, from Time to Time hereafter, continue to be nominated and appointfd fresh each of the said Wards or Districts, in the same Rotation, for one Calendar Month in every succeeding two Years; and that they the said Commissioners, so to be from Time to Time appointed, or any three or Tlircc Commis- more Gf them, shall and may, from Time'to Time, have full Power and Authority to hear, examine, and Ijave?urifdic- determine all Matters in Controversy coming before them, between Party and Party, where the Debt shall tion ever Debts Hot exceed the Sum of forty Shillings; and that the said Commissioners so to be from Time to Time ap-r\ot exceeding pointed, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may, from Time to Time, have full Power and Authority 40s and Seven to hear, examine, and determine all Matters in Controversy coming before them, between Party and Party, shall have juris- w^ere the Debt shall not exceed the Sum of five Pounds.

din ion over

Dtbu not exceeding

Commissioners, in default of a sufficient Number of the Rota attending, may call to their AtruUnce others who are not in Rotation.

Commissioners shall take the following oath.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any Court or Sitting of the said Commissioners a sufficient Number of them shall not be present, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners as are i.i Attendance to call to their Assistance any other Commissioner, or Commissioners, who is, are, or shall be duly qualified and authorised to act in the said Court for any other Month; and in every such Case it shall be lawful for such Assistance Commissioner or Commissioners to act in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities given by this present Adh or by either of the Acts of Parliament herein-before mentioned, in the same Manner as the Commissioners for the then Current Month ate authorised and empowered to act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners to be appointed as aforesaid, or any of them, shall not be capable of acting as Commissioners or Commissioner in the Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities given by this present Act, or by either of the before-mentioned Acts of the third Year of King James the First, and the fourteenth Year of King George the Second, after the thirtieth Day of September one thousand eight hundred, (except the Power hereby given of administering Oaths to Commissioners,) until they and he respectively shall have taken an Oath to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

I A.B. do swear, That I am possessed, for my own Use and Benefit, of Estates or Property of the clear Amount or Value of one thousand Pounds, over and above ail Incumbrances, and that will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to thebeft of my Skill and Knowledge, execute the several Powers and Trusts reposed in me as a Commissioner of the Court of Requests in and for the City of London, conform- able to the Directions and true Intent and Meaning of an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King James the First, intituled, An Act for the recovering of Small Debts, and for tkt relieving of Poor Debtors in London; and of two other Acts of Parliament, passed respectively in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual the first mentioned Act, or conformably to the Directions and true Intent and Meaning of such or so much of the same three Acts of Parliament, as now are or is in force, and that without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Malice.

So help me GOD.*

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. civ. 517

’Which Oath any two or more of the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required to administer to each other; and they the said Commissioners shall and ire hereby required (after taking the said Oath) to sign or subscribe their respective Names upon a Roll or Rolls of Parchment to be provided for that Purpose, with the said Oath written or printed thereon; and that such Roll or Rolls shall be carefully kept among the Records of the said Court.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, whether residing within pe,t0M the City of London or elsewhere, also Bodies Politick or Corporate, and Fraternities or Brotherhoods, whether Corporate or not Corporate, who now have or hereafter shall have any such Debt as is herein-before ftoner-# wii<» specified or mentioned, or any other Debt or Debts, owing or due to, or claimed or demanded by such may make such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, and Fraternities or Brotherhoods, whether Corporate or Order therein not Corporate, not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds, from any Person or Persons whomsoever, residing between the or inhabiting within the City of London, or the Liberties thereof, or keeping any House, Warehouse, Shop, he*'

Shed, Stall, or Stand, or seeking a Livelihood, or trading or dealing within the same City or Liberties, to 1 cause such Debtor or Debtors, Person or Persons, from whom such Debt or Debts shall be owing or due, or claimed or demanded, and so resident, inhabiting, or keeping any House, Warehouse, Shop, Shed, Stall, or Stand, or seeking a Livelihood, or trading or dealing as a fore fa id, to be warned or summor.ed by personal Service, or by a printed or written Summons left at the Dwelling House, Loggings, or Place of Abode,

Warehouse, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or any other Place of Dealing of such Debtor or Debtors, or Person or Persons as aforesaid, within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, to appear before the Commissioners of the said Court, to be held at or in the Guildhall of the said City, or at or in some other Place to be provided by the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London in Com non Council assembled, within the said City, for holdirg the said Court; and that after such Summons as aforesaid, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, in case the Debts shall not exceed the Sum of iorty Shillings, and if the same shall be above forty Shillings and shall not exceed the Sum of five Pound*, the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, from Time to Time to make or cause to be made such Order or Orders, Decrees, Judgments, and Proceedings, between such Party Plaintiff’ or Parties Plaintiffs, and his, her, or their Debtor or Debtors, or other Person or Persons, Defendant or Defendants, touching such Debts, as they shall find to (land with Equity and good Conscience; and thereby may order and direif the Payment of any such Debts, to be made either in one Sum or at once, or by instalments at dated Periods, as they shall see Cause, and deem just and reasonable; all which Orders and Pro. Order or Order9, Decrees, Judgments, and Proceedings so to be made, shall be registered in a Book or uCedt!,\Sncfll(J;l Books, as they have been accustomed to be, and as well the Party Plaintiff or Parties Plaintiff’s as the c us‘ crc Debtor or Defendant, Debtors or Defendants, whom futh Order or Orders, Decrees, Judgments, and Proceedings shall respectively concern, shall observe, perform, and keep the same respectively in all Points; and no such Orders, Decrees, Judgments, or Proceedings shall be removed or removeable into any other Court by Certiorari or otherwise howsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That where any Debt shall be due, owing, or demanded from any two or

more Persons jointly, by reason or on account of such Persons being Partners in Trade, or otherwise jointly concerned, the like Service of any such Summons as aforesaid, on any one of such two or more Partners or fon8> summon-Persons shall be as good and sufficient as if each of them were separately summoned as aforesaid. ing one mail b«

fu the lent.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, in any Suit or Cause hereafter depending in the said Court of Requests, to cause any Person or Persons to be warned or summoned, as often as shall appear necessary, by one of such Beadles vf the said Court as aforesaid, either by serving such Summons personally, or by leaving the same at the lad or usual Place or respective Places of Abode of such Person or Persons to appear as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence in the said Court in or concerning any such Suit or Cause; and in case any such Person or Persons so to be summoned to give Evidence as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to appear at the Time and Place to which he, she, or they shall be so summoned, or appearing upon any such Summons shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, or in case of a Quaker or Quakers on solemn Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to administer), and to give Evidence as aforesaid before such Commissioners, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then and in either of the said cases, every such Person so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, to be awarded by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, unless a reasonable Excuse be offered toand allowed by the said Commissioners; and if the Person or Persons so offending shall not forthwith pay into the said Court the Penalty or Forfeiture so imposed upon him, her, or them, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to order and cause such Person or Persons to be apprehended by any of the Beadles of the said Court, and committed to any Prison in the said City, there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding one Calendar Month, unless such Penalty.or Forfeiture shall be sooner paid; and every such Penalty or Forfeiture, as last mentioned, which shall be received by virtue of this Act, shall thereupon (after deducting the reasonable Costs and Charges of apprehending and taking such Person or Persons so negkdiing or refuting), be paid over into the Hands of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the _ Parish wherein the Person or Persons respectively paying the same shall, at the Time of his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal to appear or give Evidence as aforesaid, inhabit, dwell, or feck a Livelihood, and shall be appbed towards the Support and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall make Oath, or, being of the People Called Quakers, shall make Affirmation, or give Evidence, in any Cause deotnciing in the said Court of

Beadles of the Court shall summon Witnesses.

Witnesses refusing to give Evidence shall forfeit 40s. and i(l Default of Payment may be committed.

Application of such Penalties*.

Persons gHflg faife Evidence shall be f imifU* ed for I ujLi|.

Debts due by Persons under Age for Necessaries may be recovered*

ftervantf, thopgti tinder Age, may recover Wages,

Attomfes, fee, subject to the Precedes of the Court.

This Act not to extend to certain Debts.

Verdins in any other Court for Debts recoverable in the Court of Re-cjuefts not entitled to Costs; but if Verdict He given for the Defendant, and the Judge shall certify that the Debt ought to have been sued f<

Nothing herein to prevent Persons fresh recovering Rents by Distrtfs, &c. Statute of Limitations rmy be pleaded,

Time of Imprisonment of Debtors limited.

[Sre §16, 17.J

The Time of

Imprisonment shall extend fc-f lately and iuccc flivdy

G. civ. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

of Requests, whereby he, she, or they shall commit any wilful or corrupt Perjury, or be guilty of wilfW and false affirming, and thereof be duly convicted according to Law, then every such Person or Persons shall in* cur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties as any other Person or Persons convicted of wilful Perjury, according to the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

IX. And whereas Difficulties frequently arise in the Recovery of Debts in the said Court of Requests,

in such Cases as are next herein after mentioned, by reason of Infancy :* be it therefore enacted, That in every Case where a Debt not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds shall bie contfafted for Necessaries by any Person under the Age of twenty-one Years, and refuting or inhabiting, or employed as Clerk, Book Keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, or Labourer, or otherwise seeking a Livelihood within the City of London or the Liberties thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons to whom such Debt shall be due to sue for and recover such Debt in the said Court of Requests, in the same Manner as if the Person by whom the dune shall be contracted were of full Age; and that in every Case where any Wages, not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds, shall be due to any menial or other Servant under the Age of twenty-one Years, it shall be lawful for such Servant to sue for and recover such Debt in the said Court of Requests in the same Manner as if he or she were of full Age; and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby futty authorised and required, in such cases, to take Cognizance of and proceed concerning such Debts in the same Manner, and shall have such and the same Powers, in regard thereto, as if the Plaintiffs and Defendants were all of full Age.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Privilege shall be allowed to exempt any Person from the Jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests# on account of his being an Attorney er Solicitor, or any other Officer of any of the Courts of La\v or Equity at Westminster, or of any other Court whatsoever; but that all Attornies, Solicitors, and Officers shall be subject to the iieveral Processes, Orders, Judgments, and Executions of the said Court of Requests, in the same Manner as any other Persons are subject to the same by the said recited Acts and this Act or any of them.

XI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to any Debt where any Title of Freehold or Lease for Years of any Lands or Tenements shall come in question, or to any Debt by Specialty, which shall not be for Payment of a Sum certain, nor to any other Debt that shall arise by reason of any Cause concerning Teshment or Matrimony, or any Thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Court, albeit the same respectively shall not exceed five Pounds; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced in any other Court than the said Court of Requests, for any Debt not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds, and recoverable by virtue of the said recited Acts, and of this Act, or any of them, in the said Court of Requests, then and in every such Case the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit shall not, by reason of a Verdict for him, her, or them, or otherwise, have or be entitled to any Costs whatsoever; and if the Verdict shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, and the Judge or Judges before whom the same shall be tried or heard, shall think fit to certify that such Debt ought to have been recovered in the said Court of Requests, then and so often such Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs in any Cases by Law.

[Double Costs.]

r in the Court of Requests, lie fljalt have

XIII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevest or restrain any Person or Persons from making Distress, or bringing any Action or Actions whatsoever for Rent, and thereby recovering such Rent with Costs, although the same Rent should not exceed the Sum of five Pounds.

XIV. And, for removing all Doubts, whether the Statute of Limitations may be pleaded in the (kid Court of Requests, it is hereby further enacted and declared, That Defendants in that Court shall be allowed to plead or claim the Benefit of any Statute of Limitations now in being, or hereafter to be made*, and every such Defendant so pleading or claiming, shall have and receive such and the like Advantage and Relief thereby as such Defendant would have been entitled to in case this Act had not been made, and be or (he had been sued for the same Debt, or other Cause of Action, in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or any other Court, and had there pleaded such Statute in Bar to the Action or Suit.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whosoever, being a Debtor or Debtors, Defendant or Defendants, and who shall be committed to any Gaol or Prison by Order of the said Court of Requests, shall be kept or continued in Custody on any Pretence whatsoever (except in the Cases herein after otherwise provided for) for any longer Space or Spaces of Time, from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment to Prison, than is or are next herein after limited in that Behalf; (that is to say,) where the Debt (exclusive of Costs) does not exceed twenty Shillings, then he, she, or they shall Pot be kept or continued in Custody for more than twenty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Costs) does not exceed the Sum of forty Shillings, then not more than forty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Costs) does not exceed the Sum of three Pounds, then not more than sixty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Costs) does not exceed five Pounds, then not more than one hundred Days from the Time of such his, her, or their Commitment; and all Gaolers [and Keepers of Prisons are hereby directed and required to discharge such Persons accordingly.

XVI. And whereas, fmee the Limitation of the Time of Imprisonment for Small Debts, some idle and ill-disposed Persons have been in the Habit of contracting numerous Small Debts# and upon being proceeded against in the said Court of Requests in respect thereof have suffered Judgment to pass against them therein,

and by fecreiing themkives baye avoided being taken into Custody until many Executions have issued in the

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. civ^~cvi.

said Court against diem, and then, by suffering a short Imprisonment, have exonerated themselves from all such Debts, and thereby defrauded their several Creditors;* be it therefore further enacted, That, from and After the passing of this Act, all and every Person and Persons who shall be taken in Execution under or by virtue of any Procefe issuing from or out of the said Court of Reauefts, and who at the Time of being taken into Custody, or during his, her, or their Imprisonment shall nave more than one Execution against him, her, or them, in the said Court, he, she, or they shall be imprisoned the limited Time for and in respect of each Execution; (that is to say,) after the limited Time is expired on the first Execution, the ImprL fonment shall commence on the second Execution; and after the limited Time is expired on the second Ex-

edition the Imprisonment shall commence on the third Execution; and so on until he, she, or they shall have been imprisoned the limited Time for and in respect of each Separate Execution to be issued against him, her, or them in the said Court, previous to his, her, or their being taken into Custody, or during his, her, or their Imprisonment; any Law, Statute, or Ufoge to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And whereas an Act of Parliament was passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his pre-

lent Majesty, intituled, An Act for reducing the Time for Imprisonment of Debtors committed to Prison upon Projections in Courts of Confcitnce in London, Middlesex, and the Borough Southwark, to the same

Periods in sach Court. and for abolishing Pees paid by those Debtors to Gaolers and others on account of such c Imprisonment :* Now be it hereby further enacted, That all and every the Directions, Powers, and Provisions contained in the same Act, concerning the Discharge of imprisoned Persons without Payment of Fees, the Hearing and Determination of Offences against the same last mentioned AS and the Application of Penalties and Forfeitures thereby inflicted, the Limitation of Time for exhibiting Complaints or Informations, and the issuing of Process, shall relate and extend to this present Act, and so far as the same are applicable to the Purposes of this Act, shall be observed, exercised and performed respectively in such and the same Manner as if the same were herein expressly mentioned and repeated, and at large re-enacted.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Adiiofi or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or on account of any Order, Determination, Judgment, or Decree of the said Commissioners, until fourteen Days* Notice shall be given thereof in Writing, to be left at the Office of the Clerks of the said Court of after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after three Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Actions and Suits, and every of them, mar plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon; and ibthe Plantiff shall be nonsuited, or if a Verdict or Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then and in either of the said cases, such Defendant or Defendants Hull have Double Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs in any Cases by Law*

XIX. Provided always, That the two first herein-before recited Acts of the third Year of King James the First, and the fourteenth Year of King George the Second, and all Powers, Provisoes, Clauses, Matters and Things therein respectively contained, shall, so far as the same are not hereby expressly repealed, or otherwise provided for, and are not inconsistent with any of the Provisions of this present Act, continue

nd be in full Force, and extend to all and every Person and Persons to whom this Act doth or shall *xtend.

[Publick Act.]

Expences of Act to be paid out of the Suitors’ Money unclaimed in the Chamber of the City, f 20. But the City shall make good such Money when claimed by Suitors. $21. Commencement of Act 30th September 1800. §22."

Cap. cv.

An Act for taking down, and re-building upon a more enlarged Scale, the Chapel of Saint Mary, in the Town of Caernarvon.

[9th July 1800.]

Cap. cvi.

An Act for establishing anew Church or Chapel lately crested on the South Side of Hunter Street, within the Town and Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[9th July 1800.]

WHEREAS by reason of the great Increase of Inhabitants within the Town and Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster and Diocese Of Chester, the Churches and Chapels there are

not sufficient to contain the Inhabitants desirous of frequenting Divine Service according to the Liturgy of the Church of England: And whereas John Houghton, of Liverpool aforesaid, Esquire, hath lately purchased and appropriated and set apart a certain Piece or Parcel of Ground, situate on the South Side of c Hunter Street^ within the Liberties of the Town and Parish of Liverpool aforesaid, of which Piece of c Ground he is now seised to him and his Heirs in Fee Simple, and which contains in Length on the East Side one hundred and sixty Feet, on the West Side one hundred and sixty-six Feet, and

in Breadth on the South Side one hundred and forty-two Feet, and on the North Side one hundred and twenty-nine Feet, and for the Scite of a Church or Chapel together with a Yard T for a Burial Place or Cemetery thereto, and which Piece of Ground he hath, at his own Expence,

S» 9

to each Execution.

25 Geo. 4. c. 45.

Recited Act, as far as respect» Disc barge of -imprisoned Persons without Payment of Fees, &c. extended to this Art.

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

[Double Costs.]

Recited Acts of 3 Jac. 1. and 14 Geo. 1. except where hereby repealed, extended for this Act.

520

Scite efthff new Church r Chapel described.

C. cvi. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

enclosed with a Wall, and hath also at his own Expence, which hath been very considerable, ereQed thereon a Building which is in the Form of and intended for a new Church or Chapel, with Galleries, Pews, Seats, and other Conveniences and Decorations therein, and with Vaults under the Floor thereof, (and which Pews and Seats respectively are marked and distinguished by different Numbers and Figures carved on Plates of Brass and affixed to the Door of each Pew respectively,) and in all other respectshath completed and finiftied the said intended Church or Chapel in a proper, decent, and very commodious Manner, fit for the performing Divine Service therein; and the said John Houghton beingdefirousto pro* mote as far as in him lieth, the Service of Almighty God, and that the said intended Church or Chapel may be consecrated, set apart, and dedicated to and for such Service, and established as a Place of Divine Worship according to the Usage of the Church of England for ever; and that the Residue of the said Piece of Ground and Vaults may be set apart and consecrated as and for a Cemetery or Burial Place to the same Church, he hath for that Purpose obtained the Consent of the Reverend Samuel Renshaw Clerk* Matter of Arts and the Reverend Robert Hankinfin Roughfedge Cleric, Matter of Arts, the Redorsof the said Parish, and of the Corporation of Liverpool, the Patrons of the said Rectory, and of the Bishop of Chester the Ordinary thereof:’ But as the Intentions of the said John Houghton cannot be effectually carried into Execution without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afc sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the same Piece or Parcel oftGrour>d which is’now inclosed with a Wall, situate on the South Side of Hunter Street aforesaid, containing, in Length on the East Side one hundred and sixty Feet, on the West Side one hundred and sixty-six Feet, and in Breadth on the South Side one hundred and forty-two Feet, and on the North Side one hundred and twenty-nine Feet, and whereon the said Church or Chapel hath been so erected as aforesaid, with the Appurtenances belonging thereto, shall, from and after the passing of this Act* be vetted, and the same is and are hereby from thenceforth vetted in the said John Houghton, his Heirs and Assigns, to the Use, Intent, at:d Purpose, that the said. Building intended for a Church or Chapel shall and may be set apart and dedicated to the Service of Almighty God, as and for a Place of Divine Worship for ever, and together with the Residue of the said Piece of Ground set apart as and for a Cemetery, (the same being first consecrated according to the Usage of the Church of England,) shall be used for those Purposes respectively; and the said new Church or Chapel shall, from and immediately after the consecrating and dedicating thereof, be, and the same is hereby declared to be a perpetual Cure and Benefice, and shall he called by the Name of The Church or Chapel of Christ in Liverpool, (or ever.

[Publick Act.]

" The three first Pfcfentations vetted in Mr. Houghton. Tfce subsequent Presentations' vetted in the Corporation of Liverpool. The Church Minister, to be subject to the jurisdiction of the Birtlop of Chester. §2. The Act nor to extend to the making ofa new Parish, or to make the Inhabitants of Liverpool liable to the Repairs of the new Church. §3. The Owners and Ltflees of the Pews to maintain the Church, tffc. §4. Appointing the Synodals and Procurations (ax. for the forpoer, and 3J. for the latter) to be paid by the Minister to the Bishop of Chester. $ ==§5. Appropriating a Pew for the Minister, and Sittings for the Poor. §6. Vetting all the other Pews, tffc. in Mr. Houghton, his Heirs and Assigns, who may let or sell them. 7. Coffins not to be placed in the Church Yard within three Feet of the Surface. §8. Mr. Houghton to fix the Rents of Pews within a certain Time after Consecration, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of 1S0l. §9. For Recovery of Pew Rents. §10. Two Churchwardens to be appointed for the first three Years by Mr. Houghton, or his Heirs and Assigns; and afterwards annually, oet.cf tfcfi owners and Proprietors of the Pews, Churchwardens to receive and apply the Few Rehts in paying the Minister, Clerk, Organist, and Sexton, and providing Books, §11. The Minister’s Salary 105/* 44 clear. §12. Certain Peus appropriated for raising the Minister’s Salary. §13. The Minister’s Salary, if not duly paid m2y ha recovered by Complaint to the Bishop of Chester, who may sequester the Traits of the Pews: or by Actions for Money had and received, against the Churchwardens. §14. For appointing Clerk and Sexton, tffc. §15. Churchwardens going out to account with their SuccefTos. §16. Mr. Houghton may dispose of the Vaults, tffc, §1 17. A Register to be kept. §18. Seats, tic, may be conveyed by Entry in the Vestry Book. $ 19. The Rights of the Rectors of Liverpool laved. §20. Double Fees for Marriages, tffc, to be paid at the new Church. One half to ihe Rector, UV. of Saint Nicholas; and the other Half to the Minister, tffc, of the new Church* §21.t Banns maybe published and Marriages celebrated in the new Church. §22. Limitation of Action$ six Months*. General Issue. Double Costs. j 23. Saving the King’s Rights. § 24. § ^5."

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. cvii. 521

Cap. cvii.

An Act For the Appointment and Regulation of Pilots and Hoblers for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into and out of the Port or Harbour and River of Neath% in the County of Glamorgan; for placing Buoys upon the Bar of Heath, and the Removal of Obstructions in the said Port or Harbour and River; for regulating the Mooring of Ships and Vessels therein; and for the Regulation of Porter^ within the said Port or Harbour and River, and within the Town of Neath.

[9th July 1800.]

WHEREAS the Port or Harbour and River of Neath, in the County of Glamorgan, by the Means of the opening and working of several extensive Collieries, and the erecting of several large Copper Works, Smelting Houses, Iron Furnaces, Foundcries, and Forges, Tin Plate Mills, Chemical Works, and various other Manufactories in its Vicinity, is become a Place of very considerable Trade, and a great Nursery for Seamen: And whereas it would be useful and advantageous to the Trade and Commerce of the Town of Neath, in the said County of Glamorgan, and the Inhabitants thereof, and would greatly tend to the Safety of Ships and Vessels sailing or trading from and to the said Port or Harbour»

and River of Neath, and be of general Benefit to his Majesty's Subjects resorting with their Ships or 4 Vessels thereto, if effectual Powers were given for appointing and regulating of Pilots and Hoblers for coit- duffing such Ships or Vessels between the said Port or Harbour and River^ and the Sea, and for a small Distance out at Sea; and for the Management of the Buoys upon the Bar of Neath, and removing Obstructions in the said Port or Harbour and River; and for appointing and regulating of Porters within the said Port or Harbour and Town; and for preventing Persons not To appointed from acting as Pilots or Hoblers of any such Ships or Vessels, or Porters, wuhin the said Port or Harbour and Town P May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Com- Commissioner* missioners ippointed in and by virtue of this Act, and they are hereby authorised and empowered from empowered to Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands, to license and, appoint such Persons as they shall, upon Lcenfc Pilots, Examination touching their Skill and Abilities, approve and think properly qualified for that Purpose* to *c* be Pilots, Hoblers, and Helpers of Ships and Vessels, for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into and out of the Port or Harbour and River of Neath aforesaid, and upon any Part thereof, and for a Small Distance out at Sea, within or withour the Bay of Neath aforesaid; and the Persons so licensed shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be called River Pilots and River Hoblers 5 and shall also appoint such Persons as they shall think proper to be Porters within the said Port or Harbour and River of Neath; and if any Person, without having such Licence to act as a River Pilot as aforesaid, shall, after the Expiration of one Calendar Month from the passing of this Act, take upon himself to conductor pilot any Ship or Vessel into or out of the said Port or Harbour and River, or within the same, or in or without the said Bay; or if any Person, without having such Licence to ait as a River Hobler as aforesaid, shall, after the Expiration of the said one Calendar Month from the passing of this Act, take upon himself to assist or help any Ship or Vessel into or out of the said Port or Harbour and River, or within the same, or in or without the said Bay; or if any Penalty on Person, without having such Licence to act as a Porter as aforesaid, shall, after the Expiration of the said acting without one Calendar Month from the passing of this Act, take upon himself to land or carry any Goods or Mer- Licence not exchandize from or to any Ship or Vessel lying within the said Port or Harbour and River, every such Person cctdinS sL shall respectively forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding five Pounds.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to oblige the Mailer or other Per- Makers of (on having the Command of any Ship or Vessel outward-bound, after (he has been piloted out of the said VefleMoutat Port or Harbour and River over the said Bar, to employ or make use of any Pilot or Hobler to conduct such Sea, Verrds in Ship or Vessel to cross or pass further out at Sea, nor to oblige the Mailer or other Person having the Command Limestone

of any Ship or Vessel in the Limestone Trade or other Coasting Trade, inward-bound or outward-bound, inl3 jCrade, not7

whether laden or unladen, so that any such Ship or Vessel in the Limestone Trade do not exceed the Burthen exceeding ?o or Tonnage of thirty Tons, and in the Coasting Trade do not exceed the Burthen or Tonnage of twenty Tons, may pi-Tons, by Admeasurement, to be ascertained by the Custom House Register thereof, to employ or make use of awn

any Pilot or Hobler: Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prevent or hinder Vessel*« any Owner, Part Owner, Matter, or Mate of, or any Person belonging to any Ship or Vessel inward-bound, ^twithstanding such Ship or Vessel shall exceed the Burthen or Tonnage of thirty Tons, from conducting or piloting the Ship or Vessel to which he shall belong, into and up the said Port or Harbour and River of Neath, in case none of the said River Pilots shall be ready and offer to conduct and pilot the farne; nor to prevent or hinder any Person or Persons from assisting any Ship or Vessel in Distress.

ct Pilots, &c. subjected to the Rules of the Act, and Bye Laws to be made by the Commissioners. $ f.

Ci Commissioners may suspend Pilots, Wr. §4. Commissioners namedl §5. Their Qualifications, &c.

4< §6— n. Pilots, /r. to assist King’s Ships in Preference to others. Punishment on Pilots neglecting 4t their Duty from c/ to iox on Hoblers from 40s. to 51. and Dismissal: Penalty not exceeding 5l. on Persons idling after Dismissal. §12."

XIII. And, for ascertaining the Rates to be paid to the said River Pilots, and River Hoblers, for the ^Tie^he 4 conducting or piloting, helping or assisting, any Ships or Vessels as aforesaid, and also the Rates to be paid Rates, bnt not 39 & 40 Geo. III.

[Lqc. & Per.J 3 X 4 to iaExdufion.

22

Masters of inward or outward bound Ships rd'uling Pilots, shall pay the Pilotage.

OyW"rd-fcoon4-. Ships to be piloted to a Distance to be settled by Commissioners.

Places to which inwaid hound Ships are to be piloted.

Matters forcibly taking away Piloti to pay them Mate's Wa^es, and Hobler* Forc-nuft Men’s Wages.

C.cvli.- Anno 39° & 40° Georoti IIT. A.D. 1800.

to the said Porters for the Porterage of any Goods or Merchandize to or from any Ships or Vessels as aforesaid/ be it further enacted, That no greater Rates shall be demanded or taken by any such River Pilots, River Hoblers, or Porters, than what shall be from Time to Time ascertained, fixed, and settled by the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and thfcy are hereby, authorised and empowered, at any of their Meetings, to ascertain, fix* and settle the proper Rates for the same; notwithstanding which all Persons shall be at Liberty to employ their Servants, Workmen, Horses, and Carriages in the Carriage of their Goods and Merchandize to and from any Ship or- Vessel in the said Harbour, at their own proper Risk and Costs*

Commissioners may V2ry and proportion the Rates of Pilotage. §14. Rewards for Pilots, &c. assisting Ships in Distress, to be C ttled by Commissioners* Additional Pilotage for piloting extra Distance. 4,4 $ 15. (See §20. cf c* x. of this Session.)"

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Matter or Commander of any Ship or Vessel which shall be outward-bound, and about to proceed out of the said Port or Harbour and River of Neath, or which shall be inward-bound, shall refuse to take on board and employ one of the said River Pilots who shall offer his Service, (except such Ships or Vessels as are employed in the Limestone Trade or other Coasting Trade, not exceeding the Burthen or Tonnage of thirty Tons by Admeasurement as aforesaid, with respect to Limestone and Manure, and not exceeding the Burthen or Tonnage of twenty Tons, with respect to any other Trade,) such Matter or Commander shall pay or cause to be paid to the River Pilot who first or who only shall otter his Service as aforesaid, and shall be so refused, the full Pilotage which such Matter or Commander would have been subject or liable to pay by virtue of this Act, if the said Pilot had been received and employed in conducting or piloting such Ship or Vessel into or out of the said Port or Harbour and River of Neath, together with the Expences to be incurred in the Recovery of the same.

€i Pilots leading the Way in any Vessel to be entitled to Half Pilotage. §17. Ships forced back after part-4i ing with Pilots, and piloted out again, to pay not exceeding one Half of the Rates. §18. (See i 2y. of 44 c. x.)"

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every such River Pilot as aforesaid, who shall take upon himself the Charge of any Ship or Vessel about to sail out of the said Port or Harbour and River of Neath, shall and is hereby required to take Charge of such Ship or Vessel at her Moorings in the Dock, or by the Quay, Wharf, or ocher Place within the said Port or Harbour and River, and to condudi or pilot such Ship or Vessel about to fail out of the said Port or Harbour and River, so far out to Sea as shall be directed by the said Commissioners in their Orders; and if any such River Pilot or Hohler, after he is engaged to serve; shall presume to quit any Ship or Vessel without the Consent of the Matter or Commander of every such Ship or Vessel, until (he shall have cleared the said Bar of Neath, such Pilot and Hobler shall forfeit the Pilotage and Hobling which, on their duly performing their Duty, they would have been entitled unto; and on being lawfully convicted of so quitting any Ship or Vessel, every such Offender shall, for every fetch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds and not left than five Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every such River Pilot and Hobler as aforesaid, who shall pilot, or conduct and aflifl: any such Ship or Vessel into the said Port or Harbour and River of Neath, shall and is hereby required to take the same as high in the River of the said Port or Harbour as Neath Bridge, if the said Matter or Commander shall require, or to such other Place of Delivery below the said Bridge, within the said Port or Harbour, as the Matter of such Ship or Vessel shall require; but if the Tide will not allow thereof, then to moor her in a proper Situation in the said Port or Harbour, without being.paid any other Rate than such as shall be fixed and settled upon by the said Commissioners to be paid for piloting and assisting such Ship or Vessel into the said Port or Harbour and River; and in case the Attendance of any such Pilot or Hobler shall be required to take Care of such Ship or Vessel from such first Mooring, and to conduct her to her Place of Delivery, the Pilot and Hobler that shall have brought and assisted the said Ship or Vessel to such Mooring, or some other of the said River Pilots and Hoblers, to be by the said Pilot or the said Matter procured, shall attend and shall be paid for unmooring, transporting, and removing such Ship or Vessel ather delivering Birth within the said Port or Harbour and River, according to the Discretion of the said Commissioners, by a Rate to be fixed by thorn for that Purpose.

<4 Persons liable to Pilotage, (jj under §27 of Cap. x.) §21. On Non-payment of Rate, Commissioners <4 may distrain. §22."

XXIII. And whereas it may happen that some of the said River Pilots and Hoblers may be unavoidably, through Stress of Weather or forcibly, carr ied to Sea beyond the Limits for Pilotage to be prescribed by the said Commissioners/ be it therefore enacted, ITiat the Matter or Commander of any Ship or Vessel on board of which any such Pilot or Hobler shall be forcibly or through Stress of Weather unavoidably carried to Sea beyond such Limits, shall pay to such River Pilot, for the Time he shall be detained on-board after passing the said Limits, the same Wages as shall be payable by the said Matter or Commander to the Mate of such Ship or Vessel, and to every such Hobler the same Wages as shall be payable to the Foremaft Men of such Ship or Vessel, over and above the Rate of Pilotage and Hobling which they shall be entitled unto as Pilot of such Ship or Vessel, or assisting the same; and in case of anyr such Pilot or Hobler being forcibly carried to Sea beyond the Limits, otherwise than through Stress of Weather, or for some other sufficient Reason to be judged of by the said Commissioners, such Matter or Commander shall also forfeit and pay any Sum, not exceeding ten Pounds.

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. cvii—cx.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be paid to the said Commissioners or to such Person as they shall appoint to receive the same, by the Matter or Commander of every Ship or Vessel which is by this Act made subject to and chargeable with the said Rates of Pilotage, (not being a Ship or Vessel in the Limestone Trade or carrying Manure only, of the Burthen of thirty Tons by Admeasurement,) and which shall enter the said Port, Harbour or River of Neath, the Duty of one Halfpenny per Ton, of every such Ship or Vessel respectively, according to the Admeasurement thereof, to be ascertained as aforesaid; and by the Consignee or Receiver of the Cargo of every Ship or Vessel laden with Limestone or Manure only, exceeding the Burthen of thirty Tons by Admeasurement* \fo be ascertained as aforesaid, and by the Matter or Commander of every Ship or Vessel in the Coasting Trade, not exceeding the Burthen of twenty Tons by Admeasurement, to be ascertained as aforesaid and not laden with Limestone or Manure, the Duty of one Farthing only per Ton of every such Shlf) or Vessel respectively; and no Ship or Vessel which is by this Act made subject to and chargeable with the said Rates of Pilotage, shall be permitted to clear at the Custom House at Neath aforesaid, until the said Duty shall have been paid, and a Certificate thereof, under the Hand of the Clerk or such other Person as the said Commissioners shall appoint as Receiver thereof, or a Receipt for the same shall be produced and left in the Custom House, and which shall be then filed, and which File shall be delivered to the said Commissioners, and the said Officers and others interested therein, as often as they shall require, and in Default thereof, a 'ium not exceeding twenty Pounds shall be forfeited and paid by the Officer or Officers of the Customs clearing such Ship or Vessel without the aforesaid Proof of Payment, and to be recovered, with Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information* in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record it Westminster, or in the Court of Great Sessions for the County of Glamorgan, or in any other Court of Record within the same, in which no Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed, and in the Trial whereof any Inhabitant of the said Town of Neath (not otherwise disqualified or disabled by Law) shall be admitted to give Evidence, and be deemed a competent Witness, which Penalty shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act; and in case any Matter or Commander of any Ship or Vessel in the Goading Trade, not exceeding twenty Tons, or the Consignee or Receiver of the Cargo of any Ship or Vessel carrying Limestone or Manure exceeding the Burthen of thirty Tons as aforesaid, shall not pay such Duty of one Farthing per Ton, within three Days after Demand thereof, the same shall or may be levied and recovered in like Manner, and by the like Ways and Means as the said Rates of Pilotage, Hobling, and Porterage, are by this Act authorised or directed to be levied and recovered.

XXIX. Provided always and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend^ to the taking away, abridging, or defeating, impeaching or interrupting any of the Jurisdictions. Powers, Authorities, or Immunities, granted, given, and allowed by any Act of Parliament, Grant, or Charter, to the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants of the Guild, Fraternity, or Brotherhood of the Mott Glorious and Undivided Trinity, and of Saint Clement) in the Parish of Deptford Strond) in the County of Kent*

[The other Provisions of this Act are similar to those it} Cap. x*. Jurisdiction is given to the Justices of the County of Glamorgan not interested.]

---

Cap. cvlii.

An Act for altering and amending an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, to the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, with a Collateral Branch to Northam, within the Liberties of the Town of Southampton.

[9th July 1800.]

Cap. cix.

An Act for enabling the Horncastle Navigation Company to raise a further Sum of Money to complete the said Navigation, and for amending an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Navigation.

[9th July 1800.]

Cap. cx.

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for opening, makings widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Ratcliff Highway, through Cannon Street, in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of Essex, and also from the West End of Brook Street into Cable Street, and from Upper Shadwell Street, into the Back Lane, of the said County of Middlesex.

[9th July 1800.]

---

[The Acts 27 Geo. II. Cap. 40. and 5 Geo. III. Cap. 103. and this Act, to endure for twenty-one Years, hiThe Terms of the former Acts co cease. The Directors of the West India and London Dock Companies; -added to the Trustees under, former Act 9-1

I Xr

Qsp

52&

Duty on Shipping for the Purposes of this Act.

Rights of the Trinity House prefer ved.

[35- Geo. 3. 5*]

f jt Geo. 3. c. 107.].

C. cxi—cxvi. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Cap. cxi.

An Act for continuing, for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts, passed for repairing, amending, and widening the Road from Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York% to Kirk by in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, so far as the same relate to that Part of the said Road which lies within the Counties of Westmorland Lancaster.

[9th July 1800.]

[The Term in the Acts 26 Geo. II. Cap. 86. and iS Geo. III. Cap. 113. to cease on the third Monday after passing this Act; and the recited Acts and this Act to endure from thence for twenty-one Years, &c.]

---

Cap. cxii.

An Act for continuing for twenty one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the tenth Year of live Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Sutton, in the County of Surrey, through the Borough of Reigate, by Sidlow Mill to Povey Cross, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the same County.

[9th July 1800.]

---

[The Term in the Acts 28 Geo. II. Cap. 28. and 10 Geo. III. Cap. 84. to cease; and the recited Acts and this Act to continue for twenty-one Years, &c.]

Cap. cxiii.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Most Honourable Arthur Marquis of Devonshire, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and Earl Of Hillsborough, in the Kingdom of England, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, and for other purposes.

[9th July 1800.]

Cap. cxiv.

An Act for the Partition of divers Estates of the late Sir Humphrey Brigges Baronet, in which the Right Honourable Richard Viscount Fitzwilliam9 in the Kingdom or Ireland, the Reverend Richard Huntlej% and George Brooke Esquire, have undivided Shares.

[9th July 1800.]

Cap. cxv.

An Act for confirming a Partition made of the Estates of the late Humphrey Pitt Esquire, and certain Powers of Sale, mentioned in the Partition Deeds.

[9th July 1800.]

Cap. cxvi.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands in the Parish of TJcetfiogy in the County of Flint, and in the Parish of Nannerch, in the Counties of Flint and Denbigh.

[9th July 1800.]

WHEREAS there are in the Parish of jYJceifing% in the County of Flint % and in the Parish of Nannerch*, in the Counties of Flint and Denbigh, certain Commons and Waste Lands, containing three

thousand five hundred Acres or thereabouts: And whereas Watkin Williams Esquire, is Lord of the Manor of Penbedw, lying within and compriling that Part of the said Parish of Nannerch, which is situate within the County of Denbigh, and Owner of the Soil of all the Commons and Waste Lands within the said Manor, and also Owner of all the Inclosed Lands within the same Manor * And whereas the King’s most Excellent Majesty, in Right of his Crown, is Lord Paramount of the Lordship or Hundred of Coleshill, in the County of Flint, and Owner of the Soil of the Residue of the said Commons and Waste Lands, subject to a Grant heretofore made, and now vested in the Right Honourable Richard Earl Grosvenor, or his Assigns, of all Mines of Lead therein, and subject to such other Rights and Interests (if any) as lawfully be- longed to the said Earl before the passing of this Act: And whereas the said Earl Grofuenor% the Right Honourable Lord Grey de Wilton, Phontas Thomas, Thomas Mojlyn Edwards, John Wynne, David Pub nant Esquires, the Reverend Robert Myddelton Clerk, and others, are Owners of Messuages, Tenements, or Lands in the said Parish of Yjceifing \ and the said Watkin Williams Esquire, Philip Torke, Thomas Mostyn Edwards, Robert Myddelton Clerk, and others, are Owners of Messuages, Tenements, or Lands in the said Parish of Nannerch, and have in respect thereof Right of Common upon the respective Commons and Waste Lands of and in the said respective Parishes; and the respective Rectors of the said Pt- rishes have also their respective Rights of Common belonging to the Glebe Lands of and in the said respvflive Parishes, the present Rector of Yfceifing being the Reverend William Davies Shipley Clerk, Mailer of Arts, Dean of Saint Asaph, and the present Rector of Nannerch being the Reverend Robert A:iyl Clerk: And whereas a Division and Inclosure of the said Commons and Waste Lands will be of publick Uulity, and beneficial to the Proprietors of Lands interested therein, who have prayed the Aid and Authority of Parliament to efteft the (ante :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted;

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. cxvi. 525

and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the said Commons and Waste Lands in the said Parish of Yfceifing, and also all the said 10

Commons and Waste Lands in the said Parfth of Nannerch, except within the said Manor of Penbedw, c,ofc

shall be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and the said Commons and Waste Lands in the said Manor of Penbedw shall be allotted and inclosed in Manner and under the Powers by this Act directed and ordained.

Commissioner and Surveyor appointed Their Oath. §2. For appointing new Commissioner, in case 44 of Death,§3. Notice of Meetings to be given. §4."

V. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor General of his Majesty's Land Revenue for the Time Assistant Com-

being may and shall, from Time to Time and at any Time or Times hereafter, by Writing under his Hand, dominate and appoint an Assistant Commissioner to carry this Act into Execution, in so far as re- Qtawn. lates to the Rights of the King’s Majesty, in, upon, over, and under the said Commons and Waste ’

Lands, with full Power for such Assistant Commissioner (after taking the said Oath, which he shall take and subscribeas herein-before directed*) to examine, enquire into, and admit or object to on the Part of his §* Majesty, the Limits or Boundaries of the said Parishes respectively, and of the said respective Commons and Waste Lands within the same, or any Part thereof, and every or any Claim or Claims, of what Nature or Kind soever, within, over, under, or upon the same Parishes, or either of them, or the said Commons and Waste Lands, or any Part thereof respectively; and also jointly with the said John Matthews f, or his +.[t,c Com Successors, to allot and set out the Portion or Portions of Ms Majesty of and in the said Commons and j

Waste Lands respectively, in respect of his said Rights, Royalties, and Privileges; and that no Allotment c 1 or Allotments to or for the Use of his Majesty shall be made or be effectual without the Concurrence and Approbation in* Writing of such Assistant Commissioner.

Allowance to Assistant Commissioner, two Guineas a Day. §6. Allotments for setting out Roads.

—25. Allotment for common Use for Stone. $ 26."

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall set out and allot such and so many Allotment for of the Cottages and Encroachments erected and made within twenty Years, and such Parts of the said Labourers. Commons and Waste Lands, as the said Commissioner shall think proper, not exceeding thirty Statute

Acres in the Whole in each of the said Parishes, for the Purpose of demifing, leafing, or letting out the faijne to and for the Benefit and Comfort of the industrious and deserving poor Labourers of the said Parishes respectively, for one or more Years, and upon such Conditions as the said Commissioner shall from Time to Time direct.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall, in the next Place, allot and set Race Courfr. out the Race Ground in the said Parish of Yfceifing, which is Part of the Race Ground called Holywell

Course, to be kept open for a Race Course, in such Manner and under such Restrictions as a Majority in Number and Value of the Proprietors, or of their known or authorised Agents, assembled at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, and the said Assistant Commissioner, whose Concurrence must be obtained,

shall direct.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That after the said Roads, Ways, and other general or publick Al- Allotments t* Motments are set out, and before any other Allotment whatsoever shall be made or set out, the said Commis- his Majesty,

fioner shall, with the Concurrence and Approbation in Writing of the said Assistant Commissioner, allot and

set out unto the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, such Part or Parts of the said Commons and

Waste Lands in the said Parishes of Yfceifing and Nannerchy exclusive of the Manor of Penbedwy as shall be

equal in Value to one Twentieth Part thereof, (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered,) in Lieu, Satisfaction, and Extinction of his Majesty's Right and Interest in the Spil of the said Commons and Waste

Lands; and then and thereafter the said Commissioner shall allot the Whole of the said Commons and totho Lordof

Waste Lands in the said Manor of Penbedwy unto the said Watkin Williams, as Lord thereof, and Owner the Manor of

of all the inclosed Lands in the said Manor; and then and thereafter the said Commissioner shall allot and Pcnbcdw>

set out all the Remainder of the said Commons and Waste Lands in the said Parish of Yfceifing, to and among to the Frce-

the said Earl Grosvenor, Lord Grey de 'IViiton, Thomas Thomas, Thomas Mfilyn Edwards, John IVynne, holders.

David Pennant, Robert A'Jyddelton, and all other Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, who are entitled to Right of Common upon the said Commons and Waste Lands of and in the said Parish of Yfceifing, according to their respective Rights of Common, ratcibly and in due Proportion (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered) to the Value of their respective Messuages, Tenements, Lands, and Hereditaments, in respect whereof they are severally entitled to such Right of Common as aforesaid; and the said Commissioner shall also allot and set out the Remainder of the said Commons and Waste Lands in the said Parish of Nannerch, to and among the said Wat kin Williams, Philip Yorke, Thomas Aloflyn Edwards, Robert Myddelion, and all other Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, who are entitled to Right of Common upon the said Commons and Waste Lands of and in the said Parish of Nannerch, according to their respective, v

Rights of Common, rateably and in due Proportion (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered) to the Value of their respective Messuages, Tenements Lands, and Hereditaments, in respect whereof they are, severally entitled to such Right of Common as aforesaid, such Value to be ascertained and fixed by the said.

Commissioner; and the said Commissioner shall not, upon any Account, or under any Pretence, give any undue Preference to any of the Parties interested in the said Divisions, in t^eir or any of their ADot-chepts or Shares of the respective Remainders of the said Commons and Waste Lands, (exclusive of the

526 (7. cxvi.

Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

This Act not to rftfeft t lie KigHts of his Majesty and Lord Grosve-nor to Mines, &c,

Allotments to be made to the King’s Majesty,) but the said Commissioner, in making the Division and Al* lament thereof, shall have due Regard to the Quality, Situation, and Convenience^ well as the Quantity, of the Land to be allotted, and shall, if, or as tar as, the same can conveniently be done, make ah Allotments near to the Lands and Hereditaments they shall belong to, in every respective Township within the said Paiithes of Tfceifig and Manner eh respectively, and shall also set out and allot the Share or Shares ot every Person respectively, in one entire Parcel, (where the same can be conveniently done,) and as near to every Person’s Lands and Tenements respectively as the same conveniently may be.

41 Encroachments within twenty Years. §30. Allotments cf Encroachments to Proprietors. §31,

Commissioner to make an Extract of so much of his Award as describes his Majesty's Allotment, and to transmit the same to the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue. §35. {as under Ccip. Uxxvi.)"

XLI. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice or defeat the Right or interest of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or of the said Richard Earl Grosvenor, his Heirs or Assigns, or any Perform or Persons claiming or to claim by, from, or under, or in Trull foe him, them, or any of them, or any of the Ancestors of the said Richard Earl Grosvenor, in and to such Mines, Ores, Minerals, Coals, Stones, and Quarries of Stone, of what Nature or Kind soever, in or under the said Commons and Waste Lands in the said several Parishes of YJceificf and Nannerch, (not including the said Manor of Penbedw,) as his said Majesty and the said Richard Earl Grosvenor were respectively entitled to before the passing of this Act; but his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the said

Richard Earl Grosvenor, his Heirs and Assigns, and such other Person and Persons as aforesaid, and their eflee or Lessees, Agents, Servants, Colliers, Miners, and other Workmen, shall and may, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, enter into, have, hold, enjoy, search, and work all such Mines and Mine Works, Pits, Holes, Beds, Veins, and other Bearings of Mines, Ores, Minerals, and Coal, Stones and Quarries of Stone whatsoever as aforesaid, within the said several Parishes of Yjceifitg and Nanmreb (not including the said Manor of Penbedw) as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as they could have had, held, or enjoyed the same before the passing of this Act; and for that Purpose shall and may use all Pits, Shafts, Levels, Soughs, and Tunnels, already open and sunk in any of the said Common^ and Waste Lands, (not including the said Manor of PenbcdwJ) and all Machines, Engines, and Buildings thereon erected or (larding, together with full and free Liberty, Power, and Authority, to and for his said Maje(ly, his Heirs and Successors, and the said Richard Earl Grosvenor, his Heirs and Assigns, and all other Persons who shall hereafter for the Time being be entitled to the Mines and Minerals, and Quarries therein, (not including the said Manor of Penbedw,) his and their Lessee and Lessees, and their and every of their Agents, Servants, Miners, Colliers, and other Workmen, to fink, dig, delve, drive, and work all and every, or any Number of Pits, Shafts, Levels, Soughs, and Tunnels, which they shall think necessary for discovering, searching for, raising, or getting any Mines, Ores, Minerals, Coals, and Stone whatsoever, in, upon, or under the said Commons and Waste Lands, (not including the said Manor of PenbedwJ) and to dig and raise Clay for making and burning of Bricks, Tiles, Gutters, and Ridges, in and upon any Part or Parti of the said Commons and Waste Lands, (not including the said Manor of PenbedwJ) as well before as after the same shall have been inclosed for the U(e of any Colliery or Collieries, Quarry or Quarries, now open or hereafter to be opened therein, or for repairing any old or erecting any new Buildings which maybe necessary for carrying on or working any Mine or Mines, Quarry or Quarries whatsoever; and also to ere&any Number of Steam or other Engines, Machine and Machines, of what Nature or Kind soever, which they shall think necessary for the Use, Convenience, or Advantage of any Mine or Quarry or Quarries*

whatsoever, in or upon the said Commons and Waste Lands (not including the said Manor of Penbedw) or any Part thereof, and to place, flack up, and lay all Lead, Copper, Iron, and other Ores, Coals, and other Minerals, Stone, and Matters which shall be gotten and raised, and all Rubbish* Earth, and Soil, upon the said Commons 3nd Waste Lands, or any Part thereof (not including the said Manor of Penbedw and to make, bum, or convert Coal and Culm into Charcoal or Cokes, and Stone into Lime; and also to, have, make, and use ail convenient Ways, Roads, and Rail Ways, in, upon, or oyer, the said Coalmens and Waste Lands, or any Part thereof (not including the said Manor of Penbedw) when inclosed, for the Use of any Colliery or Collieries, Mine or Mines, Quarry or Quarries, open, sunk, or made, or which may be opened, sunk, or made, in any Part or Parts thereof, and for working and carrying on the same, and with Carts, Waggons, and other Carriages to fetch, take, and carry away the Lead, Copper, and Iron* Ores and Coal, and all other Mines and Minerals, and Stones whatsoever, there to be found, got, and raised as aforesaid; and to do all other reasonable and necessary Acts and Things, in and upon the same Commons and Waste Lands, and Grounds, (not including the said Manor of Penbedw,) when inclosed, for discovering, getting, working, converting, removing, carrying away, felling, and disposing of all Mines* Coals, and other Minerals, Stones, and Quarries of Stone whatsoever, without any Molestation or inter-Jteimbursement ruption whatsoever; and all and every such Damage, Trespass, and Injury, as shall and may an fe or ©t Damages. happen to any Allotment or Allotments which shall be set out under this Act to the Owners ajid Occupiers thereof, shall be afterwards reimbursed to and raised amongst such Owner and Owners and Occupiers reflectively, other than and except his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the said Richard Karl. Grosvenor, his Heirs and Assigns, and except the Allotments in common for the Parish Use, and the Allotments for the Benefit of poor Labourers, in Manner hereio-afeer mentioned and directed; (that is to say,) that when and as often as any such Damage, Trespass, or Injury, in any Allotment or Allotments to be set out by virtue of this Act, for, or in searching or working the aforesaid Mines and Minerals, and Quarries, or on Account of any Works, Buildings, or Concerns relating thereto, shall be done, tha r’eilonor Persons who shall fulUin such Damage, Trespass, or Injury as aforesaid, shall give Information thereof to any two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Flint% ^ten Days’ previous Notice of such Information,

as Lord ' JDont.

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. cxvl—cxviik 527

signed by the Person giving the same, being fixed on one of the Doors of the said Parish Churches of TJceifing and Nannerch reflectively,) and1 such Justices shall ard are hereby empowered to examine and enquire into such Complaint, in a summary Way, by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath such Justices are hereby empowered to administer,) or by such other Evidence or Proof, Ways and Means, a6 they shall think proper; and all and every Sum and Sums of Money paid in Satisfaction of such Damages, and the reasonable Charges of giving and prosecuting such Information (to be settled by the said Justices) shall be borne and paid by the Owners or Occupiers of all the Allotments of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by an equal Rate, to be a fie fled and charged upon them in respect of their several Allotments, by such Justices, in such Shares and Proportions as shall be just, according to the respective yearly Rents or Values, which shall be ascertained and determined by the Aii^fTments to the Poor Rates for the Time being of the said Allotments; and in case any Person, who shall be charged to such equal Rate as aforesaid, shall refuse or negleift to pay the same within a Time to be limited by the said Justices, to the Person informing as aforesaid, then the said Justices shall and are hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause the same to be levied by Distrds and Sale of the Goods and Chattels erf the Person refuting or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus, (if any,) after deducing the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distrtf?, and Sale, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattel^ upon Demand; and in case any Occupier of any of the fad Allotments shall pay any Part or Sha*c of such equal Rates as aforesaid, every such Occupier shall be at Liberty to deduct the same out of his or her next Rent, and his or her Landlord shall and is hereby required to allow such Deduction.

u Limitation of Actions; six Months. §64."

LXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be Saving hitMa. construed to extend, to defeat, leften, or prejud ce the Right, Title, or Interest of the King’s most Excel- jsAy*« Rights lent Majesty, as Lord Paramount of the said Lordship or Hundred of Coleshill; but that his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, may, from Time to Time and ac nil Times hereafter, hold and enjoy all the Rents,-$ervices, Courts, Ferciuifitcs and Profits of Courts, Deodands, Waifs, Estrays, Forfeitures, and all other Royalties, Privileges, Pre-eminences, Manerial Jurisdictions, and Appurtenances whatsoever, except Right of Common and of Soil, Springs, and other Matters, (not being Quarries, Mines, or Minerals,) which*

Springs and other Matters (not being Quarries, Mines, or Minerals): shall belong to the several Personsv Bodies Politick or Corporate, to whom any Allotment shall be made by virtue of this Act; and which said Quarries, Mines, or Minerals shall continue to belong to such Person or Persons, Body.or Bodies Politick or Corporate, as were lawfully entitled to the same before the passing of this Act.

u General Saving. §66, PuMick Act. §67."

Cap. cxvii.

An Act for enabling Trustees to enfranchise Copy holdMcflti ages or Tenements in the Manor of Bright-helmfton, in the County of Saffexy and to graht Leases of certain other Tenements within th6 said Manor* devised by the Will of the late Charles Scrafe Esquire, deceased.

[30th May 1800.]

Cap. cxviii.

An Act for draining; embanking, and preserving divers Tradfcs of Land within the Township of MuftoHy in the Parish of Hunmanby% and also within sundry other Parishes,

Townships, pr Places adjoining or near to the Rivers Derwent and Harford\ in the East and North Ridings of the County of York.

[a8th July 1800.]

WHEREAS there are within the Township of Mvflon, in the Parish of Hunmanby% and within the several Parishes, Townships, or Places of East Plot manly. Weft Flotmanhy Folkton, FUxton, Stax-ton JVtllerhy^ Binnington, Gantcny Potter Brompton, Sherburn, Bast Hejlerton, West Hejlertony and Teddingham, in the East Riding of the County of York, and also within the several Parishes, Townships,

or Places of Ebberston, Yeddingham-Mbey, Snainion, Brompton% Ru/hny Wykeham, East Ajtony Irton, Searner, Caytony Lebberfloriy and Grifthorpe, in the North Riding of the same County, and in such Part of the Township of Seamer aforesaid, as lies within the said East Riding, divers Trafls of Land, computed to contain in the Whole six thousand Acres and upwards, through which the Rivers Derwent and Har~

ford, and also sundry Brooks, have their separate and conjoint Courses, the Channels and Beds of which said Rivers and Brooks are, for Want; of proper Fall, very insufficient to contain and convey the l*lood Waters thereof within the present Limits, and such Flood Waters being also greatly impeded in their Passage by the many bending Directions in which the said Rivers and Brooks take their Courses, the said Lands are thereby subject to be greatly overflowed and otherwise injured, by reason whereof the same are, in the present State of the said Rivers and Brooks, incapable of any considerable Improvement, or of being put into a State of Cultivation; and although the said Lands are capable of being effectually drained and pre- served, to the great Advantage of the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof, and Benefit of the Publick,

and may be made fit and convenient for the Purposes of Husbandry, yet the same cannot be accomplished without the Authority of Parliament:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be evaded; and be it enacted, bY.

Directors and Commissioners appointed. §*:V. be. Surveyors appointed to survey and make three Maps or Plans of all the Lands liable to be afiefled under this A which shall be verified on Oath before a Justice.

§ 11. Thb Commissioners required to value the Lands in their present State and insert such Valuation on*

the Plans. §12."

528

Empowering

the Directors to drain the Lands, and make Works of Drainage.

For referring to

Arbitration any Dispute which may happen rc-spetfing Purchaseftor.ey for, or Damage to his Matty's Lands.

{*4 directd by ^sKolthe.*ttt.J

C.cxviii. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors shall be, and they are hereby fully empowered from Time to Time to drain or cause to be drained all the said Lands situate within the several and respective Parishes, Townships, or Places aforesaid, and for that Purpose it shall be lawful for the said Directors and their Agents, and all other Persons to be by them employed, and they are hereby authorised and empowered from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to make, support, alter, and maintain, all such Cuts, Drains, Dams, Banks, Tunnels, Headings, Stamps, Outlets, Engines, Bridges, and other Works, in, upon, through, and over the said Lands, or any Part thereof, and also to use, alter, embank, deepen, and widen, the present Courses or Beds of the said Rivers Derwent and Harford, or either of them, within any of the said Lands; and also the present Courses or Beds of the several Brooks within any of the said Lands communicating therewith respectively; and also to make and cut, or cause to be made and cut, a main Drain or Channel from and out of the said River Derwent, near a Place called Everley, within the Manor and Parish of Hackness, in the said North Riding, commencing the same in a certain Parcel of Ground belonging to and in the Occupation of Sir Richard Bempde Johnstone Baronet, called The Low Field, where the same adjoins on the Lands of John Taylor, Gentleman, and extending from thence Eastwards through or across the same Parcel of Ground; and also through other Lands of the said Sir Richard Bempde Johnstone to the Commencement of the Drain or Ditch forming the Boundary or Division Fence between the Manor of Hackness aforesaid, and the Manor and Parish of Seamer aforesaid, and from thence along or so immediately adjoining upon the same Drain or Ditch, as to render some Part of the said Main Drain or Channel, or the Embankment thereof, the Division or Boundary Line between the said respective Manors to a Place called King's Bridge, and from thence (there leaving the Manor of Hackness) through Lands of Joseph Denni/on Esquire, within his Manor of Seamer aforesaid, and from thence along the Ditch or Brook leading on the North Side of Lands within the Manor and Parish of Scalby, in the said North Riding, belonging to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, in Right of his Duchy of Lancaster, (of which Lands Sir Alan Chambrr Knight, one of the Justices of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas, and Francis Dawson Esquire, are the present Lessees,) to and into the Rivulet or Brook called Scalby Becky where the Road leading from Hackness aforesaid to the Borough of Scarborough erodes the same Rivulet or Brook, and from thence along or so immediately adjoining upon the same Rivulet or Brook, as to render fbme Part of the said Main Drain or Channel, or the Embankment or Fences thereof, the Division or Boundary Line between the Lands on each Side of the said Rivulet or Brook down into the Sea, for the conveying of all the Flood and other Surplus Water of the said River Derwent, or such Part thereof as may be expedient, into, by, and through such Main Drain or Channel to the present Outfall of the said Rivulet or Brook, to the Sea; so as none of the present publick or private Drains, or any of them, be anyways impeded or obstructed by any of such Cuts, Drains, or other Works as aforesaid, and so as-the Waters of such publick and private Drains have free Passage into the present or the new-made Channels or Beds of the said Rivers, or either of them; or into the present or the new-made Channels or Beds of the Brooks or Drains, or some or one of them, leading into the same respectively; and to make, erect, remove, alter, repair, and maintain all such Drains, Outlets, Engines, and other Works of Drainage, and to erect such Buildings and Ere&ions/or the Habitation of any Person or Persons to be appointed for superintending the said Works of Drainage, and for depositing Stores or Materials belonging thereto, as the said Directors shall from Time to Time think necessary for draining and preserving the said Lands, and also to make such Orders for executing the Powers and Purposes of this Act as they shall think proper, (all which said Works, and all other Banks, Engines, Drains, Sluices, Bridge?, and Works of Drainage now made, erected, and being, or which shall hereafter, by virtue of this Act, be made, erected, or cut for the Purpose of draining the said Lands, or any Part thereof, and the Right a* \ Property to and in the same, and the Materials of which the same do or shall consist, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Directors for the Purposes of this ACk): and the said Directors are hereby authorised and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions of Trespa6,or m Ejeflment or otherwise, in their own Names, or in the Name of any one of them, or to prefer, and order, and direCk the preferring of Indictments, or any other Prosecution or Suit against any Person or Persons who shall dig up, break, pull down, steal, take, carry away, destroy. spoil, or injure any of such Works of Drainage, or any of the Materials of which the same door shall consist, or who being in Post'eflion thereof, or of any Part thereof respectively, shall refuseor neglect for one Calendar Month after Notice in Writing, to deliver the Possession thereof to the said Directors.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Matter of Difference shall happen to arise between his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or his or their Lessees, in respcCk of Lands belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, within the said Manor of Scalby, and the said Directors, touching any Recompence or Satisfaction to be made for the Purchase of any Lands as aforesaid, which shall be required to be taken and used within the same Manor, or for any Damages which may at any Time happen or be occasioned to any of the Lands of the King’s Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, his or their Lessee or Lessees, for or by reason of the making and continuing of the said Main Drain or Channel through the same, and that the Compensation or Satisfaction for such Ground so to be taken or used, or for any such Damages, cannot be settled and adjusted between the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and his or their Lessee or Lessees. and the said Directors, and that the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or his or their Lessee or Lessees, shall choose to have such Compensation and Satisfaction settled by Arbitrators rather than by a Jury *, and shall give the said Directors Notice in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, or under the Hand or Hands of his or their Officers, Agents, or Steward, Receiver or Receivers, requiring the said Directors to name and appoint an Arbitrator on their Parts for the settling and adjusting of any such Compensation and Satisfaction as aforesaid, all such Differences shall be settled by Arbitration, and not by a Jury as here in-before mentioned; and that in such Case John Crowder of Brotherton h in the Cud County of

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. cxviii. 529

York9 Gentleman, the Surveyor General of Lands for the North Parts of the said Duchy, or such Surveyor General for the Time being* shall be and aft as the Arbitrator on the Part and Behalf of the King’s Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and his or their Lessee or Lessees of the Lands to be so taken, used, or damaged, with such other Person as the said Directors shall appoint as an Arbitrator bn their Parts; and that the said Arbitrators shall, before they proceed to a hearing of any such Difference or Differences, and within fourteen Days after such Nomination, by and on the Part of the said Directors as aforesaid, nominate and appoint one other skilful and indifferent Person (not interested as aforesaid) as and for an Umpire or Assistance therein; and the said Arbitrators and Umpire, or Assistance, or any Two of them, shall, by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath,* (which Oath such Arbitrators, or either of them, are hereby authorised to administer,) or by such other Ways and Means as they shall think expedient, settle and finally determine such Difference or Differences, and the Determination of the said Arbitrators and Umpire, or Assistance, or any Two of them, shall be bihding and conclusive to and upon all Parties interested in the Premises; and in case the said Directors shall refuse or neglect to name and appoint an Arbitrator on their Parts by the Space of twenty Days next after such Notice in Writing shall have been fe given and delivered to them, or to their Clerk, for that Purpose as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for the find Surveyor General for the Time being, acting as such Arbitrator as aforesaid, to proceed ex parte in the Manner herein-before mentioned, and to hear, settle, and finally determine the Matter or Matters in Difference as aforesaid, which Determination of the said Surveyor General, acting as such Arbitrator as aforesaid, '

shall be binding and conclusive upon all the Parties interested, as effectually as if such Determination had been made by Two Arbitrators and Umpire, or Assistance, or any Two of them, nominated and appointed as aforesaid; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XL. And, in order to provide for any Damage which may hereafter arise as to the Lands belonging to To enable the his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or his or their Lessee or Lessees, adjoining or near to the said Main Arbitrators to Drain oc Channel, and the Embankment thereof, intended to be made from Everley aforesaid to the Sea,

by reason of the Water of the said River Derwent, or any adjoining Brook or Rivulet being diverted into that Course, in case the King’s Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or his or their Lessee or Lessees, and the said Directors, cannot agree as to the Recompence and Means for providing against such future Damage Be it further enacted, That the said Arbitrators or their Successors to be appointed as herein mentioned, and Umpire or Assistance, shall, and they are hereby required, at the Signification or Request of the King’s Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or his or their Officer or Officers, or Lessee or Lessees, or his, her, or their Steward or Stewards, Receiver or Receivers as aforesaid, of the said Lands and Grounds which may be damaged by reason of the Water of the said River or Brook or Rivulet being so diverted as aforesaid, or by any other Injury that may be sustained on account of the said Cut or Embankment to be made as aforesaid, to appoint a Meetingor Meetings from Time to Time to ascertain and provide for such Damnge as aforesaid, giving fourteen Days’ Notice of such Meetings respectively to the said Directors, or their Clerk or Surveyor for the Time being, and to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or his or their Lessee or Lessees, at which Meeting or Meetings the said Arbitrators and Umpire, or Assistance or any Two of them, are hereby authorised and empowered td take such Damage into Consideration, and for that Purpose to examine Witnesses on Oath (if necessary), which Oath they or any one of them is or are hereby empowered to administer, touching such Damage; and the said Arbitrators and Umpire, or Assistance, or any two of them* are hereby authorised and required, by Writing or Writings under their Hands, to determine and afeertaia «the A mount of such Damage, and either to adjudge a Sum of Money m Grot's as a Satisfaction for the same to the Party or Parties injured thereby, or to order and adjudge a yearly Sum of Money to be paid by way of Rent, as a Recompence in lieu thereof, to the King's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or his or their Lessee or Lessees of such Lands, if the said Damage shall appear to the said Arbitrators and Umpire, or Af-jrstant, or any two of them to be of a continuing Nature, and to require a yearly Recompence, which Sum or Sums of Money so to be awarded by the said Arbitrators and Umpire, or Assistance, or any two of them, shall be paid bg the said Directors out of the Assessments and Taxes to be raised under the Authority of this Act; and if it should appear to the said Arbitrators and Umpire, or Assistance, or any two of them, at any such Meeting to be held by them for enquiring into such future Damage as aforesaid, that any other Embankments, Drains, or Works than those erected and made, or caused to be erected or made by the said Directors under the Authority of this Act, are necessary or proper for the better securing the said Lands from future Damage by reason of the said Diversion of the River Derwent^ or any other Brook or Rivulet adjoining thereto, then and in such Case, and so often as the same may happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Arbitrators and Umpire, or Assistance, or any two of them, to specify in Writing such Embankments, Drains', and other Works, which the said Directors are hereby required to make and effect, or cause to be made and effected, so soon as the same can reasonably be made and eftested, and to pay for the same out of the Assessments and Taxes to be raised under the Authority of this Act; and the said Directors shall have the like Powers and Authorities to mike and effect such Embankments, Drains, or other Works so specified by the said Arbitrators and Umpire, or Assistance, or any two of them, as are by this Act given to them in respect of the said Main Drain or Channel, and the Embankments thereof betwen Everley aforesaid and the Sea.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That two Parts of every Award between the King’s Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or his or their Lessee or Lessees, and the said Directors shall be made; and that one Part of every such Award shall be deposited and inrolled in the Office of the Clerk of the Council of his Majesty's said Duclw; and all such Awards, or true Copies thereof respectively, ligned by the said Arbitrators, or by the said Clerk of the Council, or his Deputy, shall be deemed, and taken as good Evidence in all Courts of Law or Equity.

39 & 40 Gw. III.

Directing two Parts of every

Aw~rd between his Majesty and the t)ii« dtora to be made, and one Fart depo-fned in the Duchy Quee.

{3Q

Giving Power of Dirt refs for Sums awarded for Damn je dene to the King’s Lands.

For.choosing oilier Arbitrators in the Kcom cf those dying; or declining to act, &c.

For inverting Money in the Funds, to fe awarded lor permanent or continuing Injury to the King’s Lands.

The Valuation and Taxation of each Parish fi/ncd by the Commissioners, shall be lodg d in the respective Vestry Rooms, for the Infptction of Parties intcrciled.

A Copy of the Pi rn, and certain Extracts relative to his Majesty's bards fii a a l^c dep fit-H in the Duchy Ulf*ce.

C. cxviii. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Sum or Sums of Money shall be* awarded by the said Arbitrators, to be paid by the said Directors out of the Monies to be raised under the Authority of this Act to the King's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or his or their Lessee or Lessees, and if the said Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, shall be behind and unpaid by the Space of twenty Days next after any of the Days appointed by the said Arbitrators, and Umpire, or Assistance, or any two of them, for the Payment thereof, then and in every such Case, and so often as it shall (o hapv?n, it dull and may be lawful to and for the King’s Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or his or their Lessee or Lessees, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be due and unpaid, to enter into and dill rain upon any Past of the Lands so as aforesaid to be specified in the said three Maps or Plans, as Lands to be drained by virtue of this Act, all which said Lands are hereby made chargeable with and liable to the Payment of all such Sum and Sums of Money, and the Distress and Distresses then and there found, to dispose of according to Law, as ia case of Rents reserved upon common Demises or Leases for Years, to the Intent that thereby or therewith all such Sum and Sums of Money, and all Costs, Charges, and Expences occasioned by the Non-payment thereof respectively, at the Time or Times aforesaid, may be fully paid and satisfied: Provided nevertheless, That all Monies so to be distrained shall be repaid by the said Directors, out of the Monies to be raised undee the Authority of this Act, to the Person or Persons whole Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained as aforesaid: Provided also, That in Case any Distress or Distresses taken under the Authority of this Act shall, at any Time be replevied, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Party distraining, to avow generally that he took or nude such Distress for a Rent due under and by virtue of this Act, without specially making Title thereto; and if Judgment shall pass or be given against the Plaintiff, or for the Defendant in such Replevin, then the said Defendant shall recover his or her Double Costs in such Suit against the Plaintiff,

XLIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case of, and so often as it shall happen that any or either of the said Arbitrators, so named or appointed as aforesaid, shall die, decline, or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities hereby given or to be given, of committed to them as aforesaid, then and so often as the Case shall happen it shall and may be lawful for the King’s Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or his or their Lessee or Lessees, and also for the said Directors who had so nominated or appointed the Arbitrator so dying, declining, or refilling, to act, or becoming incapable of acting in the Premises as aforesaid, to nominate and appoint another Arbitrator to act in the Premises, in the Room and Place of the Arbitrator so dying, declining, or refusing or becoming incapable to act in the Premises as aforesaid, which Person or Persons so nominated or appointed as last aforesaid, shall have all and singular the like Powers and Authorities in the Premises so to be referred as aforesaid, as the Person or Persons in whole Room or Place he or they shall be so nominated and appointed as aforesaid, would otherwise have had.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That when any Sum or Sums of Money shall be found or adjudged due to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, for the Purchase of any Lands or Tenements, or as a Ke-compence or Satisfaction for any Injury which may happen to arise to any Lands or Tenements belonging to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by reason of the Execution of the Powers of this Act, except for such Damages as shall be sustained by the Tenant or Occupier by any Injury done to his Crops, distinct from any permanent or continuing Injury done to the Estate, then and so often such Sum and Sums of Money shall be laid out and Inverted in the 'Phiqc per Centum Consolidated Bank or Reduced Annuities, in the Name of the Receiver General of the Duchy of Lancaster for the Time being, for the Use of the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the Dividends and Produce thereof shall be paid to the Lessee or Lessees of such Lands or Tenements so taken, used, or damaged, during their respective Interests therein, and after the Expiration or other Termination of their laid Interest, to the only proper Use or Behoof of the King’s Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in such Way as shall be directed by any Order of the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy for the Time being.

"When the Drainage is completed the Lands shall be again valued (see ante, §11, 12.) by the Commissioners; and such second Valuation also inserted on the Plans. §64. On such second Valuation the Commissioners shall, by an Instrument in Writing, assess all the Lands in Proportion to their improved Value; three Parts of such Instrument shall be ingossed and signed by the Commissioners, and each Part shall have cc one of the said Maps annexed to it. Two Parts of such Instrument shall be lodged in the Records of the Ci Quarter Sessions for the East and North Ridings, and the third Part be kept by the Directors as a Prccedent for future Taxations. §65."

LXVI. And be it further en icted, That for the greater Convenience of the Proprietors of the Lands to be drained by virtue of this Act, so much of the said Instrument, and of the Mapor Plan annexed thereto, as shall relate to each of the separate and distinct Parishes, Townships, or Places mentioned in this Act, shall be copied upon Parchment, and be signed by the said Commissioners and be severally lodged in the respedi-ive Vestr.y Rooms of the said several Parishes respectively, which said several Copies under the Hands of the said Commissioners shall, so far as shall relate to each such Parish, Township, or Place respectively, be allowed as Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity, and the respective Churchwardens of the said respective Parisht6 shall permit and futfer any Person whomsoever, from lime to Time and at all reason able Times, toperufe and inspect such Copy, such Person paying for every such Perusal Sixpence, and no more.

LXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That a true Copy of the Map or Plan shall be made and verified as herein-before directed, and shall be then deposited in the Office of the Clerk of the Council of the said Du, by of Lancaster, signed by the said Directors, within Fourteen Days after the Verification of such Map or Rian; and that Duplicates of such Parts of the several Extracts of the Instructients herein-before directed, so far as relates to the Lands of the King's Majesty, within the several Parishes of Ebberjlsny Bran} ton^ and Snainton, which are therein-before directed to be lodged in the Vestry Rooms of the lame several Panthes, Dull also be deposited in the Office of the said Clcik of the Council of the said Duchy.

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. cxviii—cxx. S31

For pnnlfhinfif Persons damag* ing or destroying the Works of Drainage. Fine and Impri. fonment.

For reserving Rights of FiA*

oriosr&c.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That ill and every Person or Persons who shall at any Time or Times hereafter wilfully and maliciously cut, throw down, burn, or otherwise damage or destroy any Bank,

Mill, Engine, Floodgate, Clough, or Sluice, or other Work or Works erected or made, or to be erected or made, or which shall at any Time hereafter be making or erecting for the draining, preserving, securing, or improving the said Lands* or any Part thereof, and shall thereof be lawfully convicted,

shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall be subject and liable to the Pain, Penalty,

and Punishment of Fine and Imprisonment only; and the Courts by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried, shall have full Power and Authority to convict and punish him and them accordingly.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or his or their

Lessee or Lessees, and the several other Lord or Lords of the several and respective Manors within the Parishe$, Townships, and Places aforesaid, or any of them, and all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever, shall have full Liberty to fish, fowl, and exercise all the Rights and Royalties on the Rivers,

Ponds, Sewers, Drains, and Cuts now made or hereafter to be made by virtue of this Act, or any of the Branches thereof, which they have usually exercised or enjoyed, and to which they are or shall be entitled by Law; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; nevertheless so as that the Exercise of such Rights and Royalties shall not hinder, obstruct, interfere with, or interrupt the

' general Drainage hereby intended, or other Execution of this Act.

" For saving the Rights of the Proprietor of the Derwent Navigation, under Statr 1 Ann. ft. t. c. 20.—

f 101. tfe."

Cap. cxix.

An Act for effectuating a Partition or Division of certain freehold and Copyhold, or Customary, Messuages. Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Worcejlety heretofore the Estates of Holland Cookfeyr Esquire, deceased, and for substituting Thomas Bird Gentleman, to be a Trustee in the Place of William Dawdeswell Esquire, now in Parts beyond the Sea, for all the Purposes for which the said William Dowdeswell, jointly with Thomas Blayney Gentleman, is a Trustee of one undivided fifth Part of the said Freehold and Copyhold, or Customary, Messuages, Lands^ and Hereditaments.

[28th July 1800.]

Cap. cxx.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons, Waste Lands, and Marshes in the Parish of Whitford, in the County of Flint, and for fencing the said Marshes.

[28th July 1800.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parish of fVhitford, in the County of Flint, certain Commons, Waste Lands, and Marshes, containing together two thousand Acres, or thereabouts: And whereas Sir Thomas Mojlyn Baronet, is Lord of the Manor of MoJlyny within the said Parish of Whitford,

and Owner of the Soil of so much of the said Commons, Waste Lands, and Marshes, as lie within the said Manor, subject to such Rights and Interests, if any, in the Mines of Lead therein, as lawfully belonged to the Right Honourable Richard Earl Grosvenor before the passing of this Act: And whereas the King’s most Excellent Majesty, in Right of his Crown, is Lord Paramount of the Lordship or Hundred of

Colejbilly in the said County, anadaims to be Owner of the Soil of the remaining Part of the said Commons, Waste Lands, and Marshes, subject to a Grant heretofore made and now vested in the said Earl

Grosvenor, or his Assigns, of all Mines of Lead therein, and subject to such other Rights and Interests, if

any, as lawfully belonged to the said Earl before the passing of this Act: And whereas the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Grey de Wilton is Lord of the Manor of Holywell\ Fullbrook, and Greenfield,

within which Manor the Townships of Mertyn TJchglan and Mertyn JJglany

+in the said Parish of Whitford, are claimed to be situated: And whereas the Reverend John Gooch is Rector, and the Reverend John Foulkes is Vicar, of the said Parish of Whitford, and as such are entitled to Right of Common

in respect of their Glebe Lands within the said Parish: And whereas the said Sir Thomas mojlyn, and also Sir Edward Price Lloyd Baronet, David Pennanty Thomas Thomas, Thomas Mojlyn Edwards, Edward c Jones, Esquires, and other Persons, are Proprietors of Messuages, Tenements, and Lands within the said

Parish, and have in respect thereof Right of Common belonging upoifr&ll the said Commons, Waste Lands, and Mar(hes: And whereas if the said Commons, Waste Lands, and Marshes were divided and

allotted to and amongst the several Proprietors thereof and Persons interested therein, and such Allotments

inclosed, and a Fence made to protest the said Marshes from the Sea, it would be of publick Utility, and

beneficial to all Persons concerned May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Common*,

That all the Commons, Waste Lands, and Marshes in the said Parish of Whitford, shall be severally divided, allotted, and inclosed, and that the said Marshes shall be defended and protested from the Sea, Llndf,f in the Manner and under the Powers by this Act directed and ordained. inctoftd and

5 For appointing an Assistant Commissioner on behalf of the Crown* } 4,5. (as under §5,6. of e. cxvi.)" fcnced‘

3 Ya

5 32

Allotments for the Use of the Poor.

\John Matthews, appointed by § i.J

Allotments to

the Lords and freeholder!.

rvm$ the

RL'ht; of his Majesty, EaiJ Grosvenor, and Sji* Thomas Mostyn, their Heirs and Affi};r *5, to the Minerals, in the L inds to be iucickd.

C.cxx. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall fist out ahtl aMot such Part or Parts of the said Commons, Waste Lands, and Marshes, or either of them, and such and so many of the Cottages or Dwellings, and Encroachments erected and made thereon untbta twenty Years before the Date herein after mentioned, as the said Proprietors shall require, by any Order or Orders under their Haods, not exceeding twenty Statute Acres in the Whole, for the Purpose of lemifing, leafing, or letting out the same, for the Benefit and Comfort of the industrious, deserving, labouring Poor of the said Parish, for one or, more Year or Years, and upon such Terms and Conditions as the Proprietors shall from Time to Time dire#.

"( Allotting Race Ground to Whitford Parish. §29. {as under §28. of c. cxvi.)"

XXX. And be it further enacted, That after the said Roads, Ways, and other Allotments arefet out, the said Commissioner shall, and he is hereby directed to allot and set out unto the said Sir Thomas Moflynzs Lord of the Manor of Mojlyn aforesaid, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, such Part or Parts of the said Commons, Waste Lands, and Marshes lying within the said Manor of Mo/Iyrt, as shall be equal in Value to onefif-teenth Part thereof ((Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered), in Lieu, Satkfe&ian, and Extinction of his Right and Interest in the boil of the said Commons, Waste Lands, and Marshes, as Lord of the said Manor; and in case the said Townships of Mertyn Ucbglan, and Mertyn Tfglan, shall he proved to be within and Part of the said Manor of Holywell\ Fulhroot, and Greenfield, the said Commissioner shall and heis hereby directed to allot and set out to the said Thomas Lord Grey de TViltony as Lord of the Manor of Ht-IsuklL, Fulbrookf and Greenfield aforesaid, his Heirs and Assigns for eveF, such Part or Parts of the said Commons, Waste Lands, and Marshes, lying within the said Townships of Mertyn Ucbglan and Alerlyn Jfglany as shall be equal in Value to one fifteenth Part thereof, (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered,) in Lieu, Satisfaction, and Extinction of his Rights an3 Interests in the Soil of the said last mentioned Commons, Waste Lands, and Marshes, -as Lord of the said Manor of Holywell, Fuh brook, and Greenfield\ and shall also set out and allot unto the King’s Majesty, as Lord Paramount, His Heirs and Successors, such Part or Parts of the said Commons, Waste Lands, and Marshes, in the Remain-der of the said Parish of Whitford, as shall be equal, in Value to one twentieth Past thereof, (Quantity, 'Quality, and Situation considered,) in Lieu, Satisfaction, and Extinction of his Majesty's Right and Interest in the Soil of the said Commons, Waste Lands, and Marshes, as Lord Paramount thereof; but if the said Townships of Mertyn TJchglan and Mertyn Ifglan, shall not be pi«>ved tdbe within and Part of the said Manor of Holywell, Fulbrook, and Greenfield, the said Commissioner shall in that Case*fct out and allot to the King’s most Excellent Majesty such Part or Parts of the said Commons, Waste Lands, and Marshes, as (hrtll be equal in Value to one twentieth Part of the Whole Residue thereof, exclusive of the said.iYhoor of Mojlyn; and then and thereafter the said Commissioner shall allot and set-out the Residue and Remainder of the said Commons, Waste Lands, and Marshes, unto and among the several Perform, fiodies Politick and Corporate, who are entitled to Right of Common upon the said Commons, Waste Ladds, and Marshes, according to their respective and distin# Right of Common, and rateably and in due Proportion, (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered,) to the Value of their respective Mefloages, Tenements, or Lands, in respect whereof they are severally entitled to such Right oi Common as aforesaid, fudi Value to be ascertained and fixed by the said Commissioner; and the said Commissioner shall not, upon any Account, or under any Pretence give any undue Preference to any of the Parties irrterested in the said Division, in their, or any of their Allotments or Shares of the Remainder of the said Commons, Waste Lands, and Marshes, exclusive of the Allotment to be made to the King’s Majesty; but the said Commissioner, in making the Division and Allotment thereof, shall have due Regard to the Quality, Situation, and Convenience, as well as Quantity of the Land to be allotted, and shall, if or as fai as the same cancon-neniently be done, mtfke the Allotments near to the Messuages, Tenements, or Lands they (hath belong to respectively, and shall also set out and allot the Share or Shares of every Person respectively in onetntirc Parcel, (where the same can conveniently be done,) and as near to every Person’s Lands and Tenememsre-spetSively as the same conveniently may be.

Commissioner shall make an Extra# of so much of his Award as describes his Majesty's Allotment, and transmit the same to the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue. §37. {as under r. bcmi.j"

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall prejudices defeat the Right or Interest of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or of the said Richard Earl Grojvensr, or of the said Sir Thomas Mufiyn, their Heirs or Assigns, or of the said Thomas Lord Grey -de JViiton, or any Person or Persons claiming or to claim by, from, or under, or in Trust for him, them, or any of ifeem, or any of the Ancestors of the said Richard Earl Grosvenor, Thomas Lord Grey de Wiliony or Sir Themes Mojlyn^ in and to all Mines, Ores, Minerals, and Coals, of what Nature or Kind soever, rn or under the said Commons, Waste Lands, and Marshes, but his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the said Richard Kail Grosvenor, Thomas Lord Grey de Wilton, and Sir Thomas Mcfiyn% their Heirs and Assigns, aid such other Person and Persons as aforesaid, and their Leflce or Agents, Servants, Colliers, Miners, and other Workmen, shall and may, from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, enter into, have, hold, enjoy, Tcarch, and work all Mines and Mine Works, Pits, Holes, Beds, Veins, and other Bearings of Mines, Dm, Minerals, and Coal whatsoever, as fully and effectually, to all Interns and Purposes as they could have had, held, and enjoyed the same before the passing of this Act, and for that Purpose shall and may use all Pits, Shafts, Levels, Soughs, and Tunnels, already open and sunk in any of the said Commons, Waste Lands, and Marshes, and all Machines, Engines, and Buildings thereon - erected *or (landing, together with full and free Liberty> Power, and Authority, to and for his said Majesty, his Heirs and

A.D. 1800. Anno 39° & 40° Georgii III. C. cxx. 533

Successors, and the said Richard Earl Grosvenor, Thomas Lord Grey de Wilton, and Sir Thomas Mofiyn, their Heirs and Assigns, and all other Persons who shall hereafter for the Time being be entitled to the Mines and Minerals therein, and his and their Lessee and Lessees, and their and every of their Agents, Servants, Miners*

Colliers, and other Workmen, to fink, dig, delve, drive, and work all and every xx any Number of Pits,

Shafts, Levels, Soughs, and Tunnels, which they shall think necessary for discovering, searching for, raisi»g, or getting any Mines, Ores, Minerals, and Coals whatsoever, in or under the said Commons, Waste Lands, and, Martnes, and to dig and raise Clay for making and burning of Bricks, Tiles, Gutters, and Ridges, in and upon any Part or Parts of the said Commons, Waste Lands, and Marshes, as well before as after the same shall have been inclosed, for the Use of any Colliery or Collieries now open or hereafter to be opened therein, and for repairing any old or erecting any new Buildings, which may be necessary for carrying on or working any Mine or Mines whatsoever, and also to eredf any Number of Steam and other Engines, Machine and Machines, of what Nature or Kind soever, which they shall think necessary for the Ulc, Convenience, or Advantage of any Mine or Mines whatsoever, in or upon the said Premises, or any Part thereof, and to place, (lack up, and lay all Lead, Copper, Iron, and other Ores, Coals, and other Minerals and Matters which shall be gotten and raised, and all Rubbish, Earth, and Soil upon the said Commons,

Waste Lands, and Marshes, and to make, burn, or convert Coal and Culm into Charcoal or Cokes, and also to have, make, and use all convenient Ways, Roads, and-Railways, in, upon, and over the said Commons,

Waste Lands, and Marshes when inclosed, for the Use of any Colliery or Mines sunk or made, or which may be sunk or made in any Part or Parts thereof, and for working and carrying on the same, and with Carts, Waggons, and other Carriages, to fetch, take, and carfy away the Lead, Copper, and Iron Ores, and Coal, and all other Mines and Minerals whatsoever, there to be found and raised as aforesaid, and to do all other reasonable and necessary Acts and Things in or upon the same Commons, Waste Lands, and Marshes and Grounds, when inclosed, for the discovering, getting, working, converting, removing, carrying away, felling, and disposing of all Mines, Coal, and other Minerals whatsoever, without any Mo-leftation or Interruption whatsoever; and all and every such Damage, Trespass, and Injury; as shall or may ReimMirfertuftt arise or happen to any Allotment or Allotments which shall be set out under this Act, to the Owners and ©t Dw*get, Occupiers thereof, shall be afterwards jfeimbursed to, and raised among Rich‘Owner and Owners, and Occupiers respectively, other than and except his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the said Richard Earl Grosvenor, Thomas Lord Grey de Wilton, and Sir Thomas MoJlynjhwx Heirs and Assigns, in Manner here-in-after mentioned and directed; (that is to say,) that when and as often as any such Damage or Injury in any Allotment or Allotments to be set out by virtue of this Act, for or in searching or working the aforesaid Mines and Minemls, or on Account of any Works, Buildings, or Concerns relating thereto, shall be done, the Person or Persons who shall sustain any such Damage, Trespass, or Injury as aforesaid, shall give Information thereof to any two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Flint, ten Days previous Notice of such Information, signed by the Person giving the same, being fixed on the South Door of the said Parish Church of Whit/ord \ and such Justices shall and are hereby empowered to examine and enquire into such Complaint in a summary Way, and by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justices are hereby empowered to administer j, or by such other Evidence or Proof, Ways or Meads, as they shall think proper; and ail and every Sum and Sums of Money paid in Satisfaction of such Damage*, and the reasonable Charges of giving and prosecuting such Information (to be settled by the said Justices) shall be borne and paid by-tlte Owners or Occupiers of all the Allotments of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, by an equal Rate to be aflcflld and charged upon them, in respetft of their several Allotments, by such Justices, in such Shares and Proportions as shall be just, accord* ing to the respective yearly Rents or Values, which shall be ascertained and determined by the Aiidlments to the Poor Rates for the Time being of the said Allotments, or of the Lands or Hereditaments in respect whereof such Allotments (halt have been made; and in case any Person who shall be charged to such equal Rate as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to pay the same, within a Time to be limited by the said Justices, to the Person informing as aforesaid, then the said Justices shall and they are hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and S.ile of the Goods and Chattels of the Person refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus, (if any,) after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, upon Demand; and in case any Occupier of any of the said Allotments shall pay any Part or Share of such equal Rate as aforesaid, every such Occupier shall be at Liberty to dedu£l the same out of his or her next Rent, and his or her Landlord shall and is hereby required to allow such Deduction.

---

[Manerial Rights saved.]

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act or any Thing herein contained shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to defeat, lessen, or prejudice the Right, Title, or Interest of the King’s most Excellent Majesty, as Lord Paramount as aforesaid, or the said Sir Thomas Mostyn, as Lord of the said Manor of Mostyn, or of the said Thomas Lord Grey de Wilton, as Lord of the Manor of Holywell, Fullbrook, and Greenfield; but that his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the said Sir Thomas Mylyn and Thomas Lord Grey de Wilton, their Heirs and Assigns, may, from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, hold and enjoy all the Rents, Services, Courts, Perquisites and Profits of Courts, Deodands, Waifs, Estrays, Forfeitures, and all other Royalties, Privileges, Pre-eminences, Manerial Jurisdictions, and Appurtenances whatsoever, except Right of Common, or of Soil and Quarries, Springs and other Matters not being Mines or Minerals, which Quarries, Springs, and other Matters, not being Mines or Minerals, shall belong to the several Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, to whom any Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act; and which said Mines or Minerals shall continue to belong to such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Corporate or Politick, as was or were lawfully entitled to the same before the passing of this Act.

Printed by His Majesty's Statute and Law Printers

London, 1800

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Quadragesimo Primo.

'AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the twelfth Day of July, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, &c.'

'And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the eleventh Day of November 1800; being the fifth Session of the Eighteenth Parliament of Great Britain.'

CAP. I.

An Act to prohibit, until the first Day of November one thousand eight hundred and one, the Exportation of Rice; and to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in preventing the Exportation thereof, or in the Nonperformance of any Contracts and Agreements that shall not have been performed in consequence thereof.

[24th November 1800.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Exportation of Rice should be prevented for a limited Time; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[No Person shall export any Rice or

That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons what- Rice

ever shall, directly or indirectly, export, carry, or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, carried, or board any Vef-conveyed out of or from any Port or Place of this Kingdom, or shall load or lay on board, or cause or pro'- fel for that cure to be laden or laid on board, in any Ship or other Veil'd or Boat, any Rice, in order to be exported, Purposo.-carried, or conveyed out of any such Port or Place.

[Rice exported

II. And be it further enacted, That all Rice which shall be so exported, carried, or conveyed, or be laden

or laid on board in any Ship or other Vessel or Boat, in order to be exported, carried, or conveyed out of this ©rput ©n board Kingdom contrary to this Act, shall be forfeited; and that every Offender therein shall forfeit also the Sum for that Pur-of Sixpence for every Pound Weight of such Rice which shall he so exported, carried, or conveyed, or so ^la]1 laden or laid on board in any Ship or other Veil'd or Boat, in order to be exported, carried, or conveyed out of this Kingdom; and also the Ship, Vessel or Boat, wherein the same shall be exported, or in or shall forfeit 6a\ upon which Ihe same shall be laden or laid on board in order to be exported, together with her Guns, per lb. for such Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited, and the same respectively, and each and Rice> and the every Part thereof, may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs: Provided always, That bc^f’Jf c‘ ma* nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any such Quantity of Rice as shall £ eJf^c* be necessary to be carried in any Ship or other Vessel to be used for or towards the Sufferance, Diet, and extend to ice Support of the Commander, Mailer, Mariners, and Passengers on the Voyage; nor shall any of the Pro- for Detoi^a visions of this Act be construed to extend to prohibit the carrying of Rice Coailwhe, or from one Port or Voyage, nor Place in Great Britain to another Port or Place in Great Britain, according to the Regulations prescribed Rice carried by an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, an Act for the

Relief of the Coast Trade of Great Britain: for exempting certain Coast Documents from Stamp Duties; for Geo. abolishing the Bond, usually called the I fie of Man Bond; and for permitting Corn and Grain brought Goaf:- c. 50. wife to be transflApped into Lighters for the Purfofe of being carried through the Canal from the Forth to the Clyde; and in like Manner as the same might have been carried Coastwise before the passing of this Act.

538 C. 1. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

[Act shall not prevent Evidence being given

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained, shall extend, or be vent Evidence construed to extend* to prevent Evidence being received by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs Wlce^waseont *n England and Scotland respectively, or in any Suit or Information, that, by Reason of the Smallnefsof the hoard without Quantity of any such Rice, and other Circumstances, that the same was on board without the Knowledge the Knowledge or Privity of the Matter or Pci foil having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel; in like of the Mider* Manner as is permitted with respect to Corn* by an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty*, and that, when such Proof shall be so made, such Ship, Vessel or Boat, or any [31 Geo. 3. Thing belonging thereto as aforesaid, shall not be forfeited for or on account of such small Quantity of * 3°- ^91 Rice as aforesaid.

[Penalties and Forfeitures may be recovered as under the Laws of Customs.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures contained in this Act shall and may be (ued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, in such Manner, and by such Ways, Means, and Me-onder^eLaws t^oc^s’ as any Penalties incurred, or any Goods, Ships or Vessels forfeited for any Offence against the of Customs.3^ Laws of Customs may now be legally (bed for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, and the Officer or Officers concerned in Seizures or Prosecutions under this Act shall be entitled to, and receive such Share of the Produce arising from the Seizures as they are now by Law entitled to upon Prosecution of Seizures for unlawful Exportation, and to such Share of the Produce arising from any pecuniary Fine or Penalty or Composition paid for any Offence against this Act, as they are now by any Law or Regulation entitled to upon Prosecution for pecuniary Penalties.

[39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 29. 39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 92.]

V. 'And whereas, by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, a Bounty was granted in certain Cases on Rice imported into this Kingdom, in order to encourage a Supply of the same; and by another Act, also passed in the last Session of Parliament, the Exportation of Rice was prohibited until the fifteenth Day of October one thousand eight hundred: And whereas, at the Expiration of that Period,

there was great Reason to apprehend that large Quantities of Rice would be exported from this Kingdom, to the great Detriment of his Majesty's Subjects during the then and present high Price of Provisions: And whereas, for the Prevention thereof, the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in pursuance of Directions to that Effect from the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, have prevented the Exportation of all Rice since the said fifteenth Day of October, which has proved to be beneficial to the Publick; wherefore it is expedient, that all Persons, issuing, giving, or advising such Directions as aforesaid, or concerned in the issuing, giving, or advising any such Directions, and also, all Persons acting under or in pursuance thereof, mould be indemnified :* Be it therefore enacted,

[All persons iflli-

That all Persons issuing, Jng Dircaiws, giving, or advising any such Directions as aforesaid, or concerned in the iflbing, giving, or advising any acting inpuT- such Directions, and also, all Persons acting under or in pursuance of the said Directions, and also, all Per-luance thereof, (ons who shall have been prevented performing any Contract or Agreement by Reason thereof, shall fce, for preventing and are hereby indemnified for and on account of the same, and of any Act, Matter, or Thing done in th.* Exportation pursuance of and in conformity with such Directions as aforesaid, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if the same Directions had been given, and such Acts, Matters, and Things done in Ac.* indem- pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament.

All Actions for

VI. And be it further enacted, That all personal Actions and Suits, Indictments, and Informations, and Refusal to re* all Prosecutions and Proceedings whatsoever, which have been or shall be hereafter prosecuted or com-tcive Entries menced against any Person or Persons, for having refused to receive any Entry or Entries for the Exporta* for Exportation tion of any Rice, or to clear out any Ship or Vessel with Rice on board intended to be exported before or so^Non0*cr- Pa®n8 l^s Act, or against any Person or Persons, for or by Reason of any Act, Matter, or Thing

torm^ncTohny advised, commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, in relation to the Prevention of any such Agreement on Exportation of Rice as aforesaid, or against any Person or Persons for or on account of any Contraft or that Account, Agreement not being performed by Occasion or by Means of any such Exportation having been so bin-

made void. dered or prevented as aforesaid, be, are, and shall be discharged and made void by virtue of this Act; and

that, if any Action or Suit shall be prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons for or by Reason of any such Act. Matter, or Thing, or any such Cvmtraft or Agreement not being performed on such General Issue. Account as aforesaid, he, she, or they, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if the^Plaintiff or Plaintiff's in any Action or Suit so to be prosecuted or commenced shall become Nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer Discontinuance, or if a Verdict pass.against pouhlc Costs. such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs* the Defendant or Defendants shall recover his, her, or their Double Costs, for which he, she, or they shall have the like Remedy, as in Cases where the Costs by Law are given to Defendants.

If any Action

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit hath been already commenced against any nKneed^orm" Person or Persons for any such Act, Matter, or Thing, as aforesaid, or on account of any such Contract

such Ref«fat or Agreement not being performed* by Occasion of such Hinderance as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the

or for Non-ptr- Defendant or Defenders in such Actions or Suits respectively, in whatever Courts in Great Britain such

formance of Actions or Suits shall have been commenced, to apply to such Court or Courts respectively, to (lay all

Contract, the Proceedings therein respectively, by Motion in a summary Way; and such Court or Courts are hereby

apply authorised and required to make Orders for that Purpose accordingly; and the Court or Courts nuking

Court to (lay such Order shall award and allow to the Defendants and Defenders respectively. Double Costs of Suit; for

Proceedings, which they shall respectively have the same Remedy as in Cases where the Costs are by Law given to De-

&c. fendants or Defenders.

His Majesty

VIII. Provided always, and be it further Enacted, That in case his Majesty at any Time or Times af-may from Time ter passing of this Act shall, in his Royal Discretion, judge it most for the Benefit and Advantage of

to Time permit r o / 1

the ExpoiULoa U (tier.

c.

A.D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. C. 1, 2. 539

this Kingdom, to permit the Exportation of Rice, then it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty* by his Royal Proclamation or Proclamations, to be issued by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, or by his Majesty's Order in Council, to be published in the London Gazette from Time to Time, to permit gnd suffer all and every Person and Persons, Natives and Foreigners, (but not any particular Person or Perfects,) at any Time or Times after the passing of this Act, to export any Rice from this Kingdom; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Continuance of

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the first Day of November one thousand eight hundred and one, and may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be passed Act t,a Nov' *» in this present Session of Parliament, 1 01 ’

CAP. II.

An Act to authorize his Majesty from Time to Time, to prohibit the Exportation of Provisions or Food.

[24th November 1800.]

WHEREAS the public Safety may require temporary Restraints on the Exportation of all or any Sort of Provisions or Visual whatever, or any Articles used as Food for Man May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be er.acted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by Order in Council from Time to Time, to prohibit, for a Time to be limited in such Order, either generally or particularly, and by Name or Description, the Exportation from this Kingdom of all or any Sort of Provision or Vuftual, or any Article or Articles whatsoever used or which may be used as Food by Man, under such Restrictions and Regulations as his Majesty in Council shall think proper, and in like Manner from Time to Time to recall such Order in Part, or in the Whole, or make such Alteration therein as he shall think proper.

II. And be it further enacted, That all such Provision, Victual, and every Article of Food whatsoever, included in his Majesty's Order, which shall be afterwards exported, transported, carried or conveyed, or laden or laid on board of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in order to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of this Kingdom contrary to such Order, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs; and all and every Person or Persons offending therein shall forfeit treble the Value of such Provisions or Food respectively, as shall be so exported, transported, carried, or conveyed out of this Kingdom, or laden or laid on board of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, for that Purpose; and such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, together with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs.

His Majesty may, from Time to Time, by Order in Council, prohibit the Exportation of any Article used as Food by Man*

Any such prohibited Article exported, or laid on boird any Vessel for such Purpose, shall be forfeited, and the Offender shall forfeit treble the Value, and the

Vessel, &c. may be seize^.

€t Penalties may be recovered as under the Laws of Customs [See #4> of c. i. of thh Session.] §3."

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, and such Orders, or any Thing therein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to prohibit at any Time the Exportation or carrying out of such and so mtech of any such Provisions, Victuals, and other Articles of Food, as shall be necessary to be carried in any Ship or Vessel on its Voyage out and Home, for the Sustenance, Diet, and Support of the Commander, Matter, Mariners, Passengers, and others, or for the Use and Sustenance of the Castle, Live Stock, or other Animals, on board of such Ship or Vessel; or for vi&Balling or providing any of his Majesty's Ships of War, or other Ships or Vessels in his Majesty's Service; or for victualling or providing any of his Majesty's Forces, Forts, or Garrisons; or to prohibit at any Time the Exportation to the ttriujh Forts, Cafiles, or Factories in Africa or for the UL of British Ships trading upon that Coast, which have usually been supplied with the same from Great Britain; or to prohibit at any Time any Person or Persons from shipping or putting on board any Provisions, Victuals, or other Articles of Food as aforementioned to be carried Coastwise, (that is to say,) from any Port, Creek, or Member, or Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain, to any other Port, Creek, Member, or Part of the same respectively; having such or the like Coast Sufferance, Cocquet, or other Coast Dispatch for that Purpose, and on such and the like Security being given for the landing and discharging the same, as now is or hereafter may be, by any Law or Laws, Act or Acts, required in relation to the carrying coastwise any Corner other Articles, or any Goods Wares, or Merchandizes.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent Evidence from being received to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, in case any Ship or Vessel shall be under Seizure by any Officer or Officers of the Customs for having any Provision or Vidhial, or other Articles of Food as aforesaid, on board, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of any such Order of his Majesty as aforesaid, or to prevent Evidence from being received in any Suit or Information brought for the Forfeiture ftf any Ship or Vessel for or on account of any such Provision or Victual, or other Articles of Food as aforesaid being on board, in Older to (how, from the Smallness of the Quantity of such Provision or Victual, or other Articles of Food as aforesaid, that the same was on board such bhip or Vessel without the Knowledge and Privity either of the Owner or Master, or other Person having the Charge and Command thereof, and without any wilful Neglect or Default of reasonable Care in the Discharge of the Duty of such Owner, Master, or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel; and in every such Case,

This Act and such Orders shall not extend to certain cases.

Act shall not prevent Evidence being received to prove, from the Smallness of the Quantify, that the same was on board without the Knowledge of the Master, &c.

[See c. 1. of this Session, $ 3.]

540 C. 2, 3. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

where Proof shall be so made respectively, such Ship or Vessel shall not be forfeited for or on account of such small Quantity of Provision or Victual, or other Articles of Food prohibited to be exported or carried out of the Kingdom by any such Order of his Majesty as aforesaid.

The Powcn of

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, 3» Geo. 3. and Things contained in an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in* c. 50. arui of tituled, An Act for the Relief of the Coast Trade of Great Britain \for exempting certain CoaJI Documents from in forceCforfcl Stamp Duties: foraholifning the Bond usually called the Isle of Man Bond; and for permitting Corn arU curing th? Re- Grain brought Coajtwje to be transjhipped into Lighter s9 for the Purpose of being cartied through the Canal venue of Cuf- from the Forth to the Clyde; and in every other Act of Parliament in force on and immediately before 10m*, &c. to the passing of this Act, by which any Conditions, Rules, Regulations, or Restrictions were made, efta* extend to this blished, or directed, or any Powers, Authorities, or Provisions were made for the better securing the Re* c venue of Customs, or for the regular Importation into or Exportation from Great Britain, or the bringing

or carrying Coastwise, or from Port to Port within the same Kingdom, or the taking or requiring, and putting in Suit and prosecuting any Cocquet, Bond, or other Security given in relation thereto, except where any e^press Alteration is made by this Act, or by any Order of his Majesty issued under the Authority of this Act, shall, and they are hereby declared to be and remain in full Force and Effect to the Subject of this Act, and to any Order issued by his Majesty in pursuance thereof, and to all Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions contained in any such Order, as far as the same are applicable thereto, and for carrying the same into Execution, as fully and effectually as if they had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act}.

ders'in Council !

VII. And be it further enacted, That Copies of such Orders as shall be made by his Majesty in Conn* shall be from cil» for any of the Purposes mentioned in this Act, if made when Parliament is fitting, shall be laid before Tim? to Time both houses of Parliament within three Days after the same shall have issued; and if made when Parliament laid before Par- is not fitting, then within fourteen Days after the Meeting of the next Session of Parliament, iiament.

Until January I, 180*, no Spirits shall be distilled from Com or drain, &c. and no Starch shall be made from Wheat or Wheat Flour. Persons so distilling, and Persons in whose Custody Vesselt used contrary to the Intentions of this Act, shall be found, shall forfeit 5C0I each, ard the Wheat, &c. shall be forfeited.

Penalty of 500l. for making Starch from Wheat, or Wheat Flour, which, with

CAP. III.

An Act to prohibit, until the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and two, the Use of Corn in distilling of Spirits or making of Starch.

[8th December 1800.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Use or Expenditure of Wheat, Barley, Malt, and every other Sort of Corn or Grain, and of Meal, Flour, and Bran, in the making or preparing of Wort or Wash for the Distillation of Low Wines or Spirits, and to prohibit, fof a limited Time, the making of Starch from Wheat, or Wheat Meal or Flour;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and until the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and two, no Low Wines or Spirits shall be brewed, made, prepared, extracted, or distilled from any Wheat, Barley, Malt, or Tilts, or any other Sort of Corn or Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran, or any Mixture with the same; and no Starch shall be made or prepared from any Wheat, or any Wheat Meal or Flour.

II. And be it further enacted, That if, during the Time before limited, any Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall brew, make, prepare, extract, or distil, or cause or procure to be brewed, made, prepared, extracted or distilled, any Low Wines or Spirits, either for Home Consumption or for Exportation, or shall use or mix, or cause or procure to be used or mixed, any Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Corn or Grain; or any Meal, Flour, or Bran, in any Wort or Wash), in order for the brewing, making, preparing, extracting, or distilling any Low Wines or Spirits, or shall put or lay, or cause or procure to be put or laid, in any Tun, Wash Batch, Cask, Copper, Still, or other Vessel or Utensil, any Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Corn or Grain, or any Meal, Flour, or Fran, or any Mixture with the same, for the Purpose of preparing any Wort or Wash, or for brewing, making, preparing, extracting, or distilling any Low Wines or Spirits, whether such Tun, Wash Batch, Calk, Copper, Still, or other Vessel or Utensil, shall or shall not have been or be duly entered at the Excise Office, that then, and in each and every of the said cases, such Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, or other Person or Persons acting contrary to the Directions of this Act, and the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession any such Tun, Wash Batch, Cask, Copper, Still, or other Vessel or Utensil, which shall be made use of contrary to the Intention of this Act, shall be found, shall severally and respectively, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds; and all such Wheat, Barley, Malt, and other Corn or Grain, and such Meal, Flour, and Bran, or other Mixture with the same, and such Wort and Wash), Low Wines and Spirits, shall be forfeited, and shall and maybe seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall apply, spend, consume, or make use of, or cause, procure, permit, or suffer to be applied, spent, consumed, or made use of, any Wheat, or any Meal or Flour eround or made therefrom, for the Purpose of making or preparing Starch, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Person or Persons so offending, and the Person or Persons in whose Custody 01 Possession the same shall be found, shall (over and above all other Penalties imposed by any Act

5

A.D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. C. 3. 541

or Acts of Parliament already in force) forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds; and all such Wheat, Wheat Vessels, Meal, Flour, and Starch, together with every Vat, Trough, or other Utensil or Vessel, in which the same for

shall be found, shall be forfeited, and the same respectively shall and may be seized by any Officer or Ci c Officers of Excise.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Sort of Cern or Grain, or Wheat, &c. any Meal, Flour, or Bran, shall, at any Time after the Expiration of three Days after the passing of this ,n any Act, and during the Continuance thereof, be fqund in any Workhouse, Stillhouse, Storehouse, Warehouse, starch Varel or any other Place wherein Low Wines or Spirits, or Wort or Wash, shall be preparing, or shall be brewed, house, shall be made, extracted, distilled, or prepared; or where any Starch shall be making or preparing, or made or pre- forfeited, and pared; or where any Low Wines or Spirits, or Wort or Wash shall have been brewed, made, extracted, atfb 200l. distilled, or prepared; or where any Starch shall have been made or prepared; all such Wheat, Barley,

Malt, and other Corn or Grain, and Meal, Flour, and Bran shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Person or Persons in whose Possession such Workhouse, Still-house, Storehouse, Warehouse, or Place, shall be, shall, for every such Offence respectively, also forfeit and pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That during the Time herein-before limited, it shall be lawful for any Persons autho-Person or Persons, who shall be authorised for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Excise fur the Time being, or any two or more of them, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, or by one or cf tKcife, w/th-more Justice o; Justices of the Peace in any other Part of Great Britain, at any Time or Times, with any in the Limits Officer ot Exci'c, to enter into the Workhouse, Stillhouse, Storehouse, Warehouse, or any ocher Place ef their Chief whatsoever, wherein any Low Wines or Spirits, or Wort or Wash, or Starch, shall be or are suspected to ansi bjr be preparing, or to be brewed, made, or extracted, distilled, or prepared; or wherein Low Wines or Wort ^pan*1 or Wash shall have been made, brewed, extracted, distilled or prepared, or Starch shall have been made or m3y> with an prepared, after the passing of this Act, and shall have free Admittance into the same, and may inspect all orhcerofEx-the Materials, Vessels, and Utensils therein contained, (giving thereby as little Interruption as maybe to cite, enter into the Business which shall be carrying on); and in case any such Officer of Excise shall have Reason Workhouse*, to suspect that any Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Corn or Grain, or any Meal, Flour, or Bran, is mixed Materials anti in any Wort or Wash, or in any other Material or Preparation for brewing, making, extracting, or distil- utenfd$; and if ling Low Wines or Spirits, or making or preparing of Starch, it shall be lawful for such Officer or Officers, the officer fuf-at any Time or Times during the said Term, upon Payment of two Shillings and Sixpence, to take a that Com, Sample, notexceedh g two Quarts, of any such Wort or Wash, Material, or Preparation, which shall be &^hism,^d found in any such House or other Place aforesaid; And in case any Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, or Maker of Starch, or the Owner or Occupier of any such House or tion, or making JrMace, or any Workman or Servant to any such Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers, or Owner or Oc- of Starch, he cupier, belonging, shall refuse to admit such Person or Persons as shall be so authorised, or any Officer or may take a Officers of Excise, into any such House or Place, or shall obstruct or hinder any such Officer or Officers, SamP,e« or Person or Persons, in making such Inspection as aforesaid, or if any such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker Penalty of 100L or Makers of Starch, shall not allow ^my such Officer to takd such Sample, after the said Sum of two of ‘

Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid or tendered for the same, every such Distiller or Maker of Low Wines not allowing a or Spirits, or Maker of Starch, Owner or Occupier, shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and Sample to be. pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds; and it shall be lawful for every such Officer of Excise, or other Person or Persons authorised as aforesaid, having a Warrant for that Purpose from any two or more of the and in such. Commissioners of Excite, or any Justice or Justices respectively as aforesaid, to seize, take, and carry away Cate Corn, &c. all such Wheat, Barley, Malt, and other Corn or Grain, and all such Meal, Flour, and Bfan shall be fei2ed[with found in any such House or other Place, together with all the Vessels, Sacks, Bags, and other Things in the Vessel*. which the said Commodities shall be contained.

VI. And whereas there may have been Contracts made by Distillers and Makers of Low Wires and Contraasfor Spirits, or Makers of Starch, with several Persons, for Spirits, Grains, Yeast, or Starch, to be delivered

and received at future Times, after the passing of this Adi be it therefore enacted, That all Contrails star cl!* during or Bargains made by any Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, or Maker the Continue or Makers of Starch, with any Person or Persons whatsoever, for any Spirits, Grains, or Yfcaft, or anccotthis Starch, to be delivered at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, shall be and are hereby declared

to be wholly void. t V0ld*

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case his Majesty, at any Time or Times af- His Majesty ter the passing of this Act, shall in his Royal Discretion judge it to be most for the Benefit and Advantage* may

of this Kingdom, to permit the Use or Expenditure of Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Com *1* ©f"*/ "

or Grain, or any Meal or Flour ground therefrom, in the making or preparing of Wort or Wash for the wheat, &c. in making or extracting of Spirits, or for the making of Starch, then it (h di and may be lawful to and for D.ft.larion, his Majesty, by his Royal Proclamation or Proclamations, to be ifllied by and with the Advice of his Privy making of Council, or by his Majesty's Order in Council, to be published in the London Gazette from Time to SiarcU,

Time, to permit and luster all and every Person and Persons, Natives and Foreigners, (but not any parti- cular Person or Persons,) at any Time or Times after the passing of this A cf, to apply, (pend, consume, or make use of Wheat, Jiariey, Malt, or any other Sort of Corn or Grain, or any Meal or Flour ground or made therefrom, in the brewing, making, or preparing of Wort or Wash for the making or extracting of Spirits, or the making of Starcn; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller or Distillers, who shall have deposited any Spirits com^vaicT ulrawn or made in Great Britain from Corn, before the passing of this Act, for Exportation to Parts be- ]lcuu.f!j ur*deP yond the Seas, according to the Rules, Regulations, and Provisions of an Act f made in the second Year of 2 gco-Y c. 5-

his ibrtxporUUon#

542 C. 3, 4. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

may be taken out for Home Consumption, on Payment of a Duty of 87l, 10s. per Ton.

Penalty of 2col. for obstructing Officers of Excise.

Powers of iz Cjr. a. c. 24, &c. to extend to this Act.

Recovery and Application of penalties.

Limitation of Actions two Months.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

his present Majesty's Reign, amongst other Things, for better regulating and encouraging the Exportation of British made Spirits, in any such Warehouse as is mentioned in the said Act, shall be de-iirous of using any such Spirits for Home Consumption, and shall signify such his, her, or their Desire, to the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively for the Time being, the said respective Commissioners respectively shall direct the Quantity of Spirits so desired, to be taken out of such Warehouse, and delivered to such Distiller or Distillers, he, she, or they having first duly paid to the pro* per Officer or Officers of Excise, a Duty of Excise at and after the Rate of eighty-seven Pounds and ten Shillings for each Ton of such Spirits, calculating and computing the same at the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, any Act of Parliament to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and the Money arising from the said Duty shall be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise in the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities to him or them given or granted by this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Spirits, the Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence, severally, the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted that all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which, in and by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, a/id Tenures in Capite, and by 'Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other Law now in force, relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining, the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such Cases for which other Provisions are made and pre-fci ibed by this Act,) shall be practised, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the Excise Duty by this Act imposed, and for preventing, detesting, and punishing Fraud* relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Means or Methods as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, of mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster $ and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within the Space of two Calendar Months next after the Offence shall be committed; and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

---

[Continuance of Act, Jan. 1. 1802.]

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect as to all such Matters and Things therein contained, in respect whereof no special Commencement is hereby directed or provided, from the passing thereof until the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and two, and may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. IV.

An Act for suspending, until the twentieth Day of August one thousand eight hundred and one, the Duties on Hops imported, and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof.

[8th December 1800.]

[By 27 Geo 3. c. 13. and subsequent Acts, Duties on Hops were imposed, and by 39 & 40 Geo. 3 c. 82.

such Parti as rebaie to the D jl/i-s on Hops irnpai *eu were lutp nerd till A 4 7,’ ! ft 20> 1-00.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for

repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for other Purposes, a Duty of Customs of five Pounds eighteen Shillings and ten-pence was granted upon every hundred Weight of Hops imported into Great Britain; and by several subsequent Acts certain other Duties have been imposed in addition thereto: and whereas by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, such Parts of the said Acts as relate to the Duties on Hops imported were suspended until the twentieth Day of August one thousand eight hundred: And whereas it is expedient that the said Duties on Hops impor.ed should be again suspended for a further Time, and that other Duties should be granted in lieu thereof during such Suspension May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, such Parts of the said Acts as grant

A.D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. C. 4, 5. 543

any Duty or Duties on Hops imported into Great Britain shall be, and the same are hereby suspended until Further fuf-the twentieth Day of August one thousand eight hundred and one. ^u&ao^oi.

II. And be it further enacted, That until the said twentieth Day of August one thousand eight hundred and one, instead and in lieu of the said Duties on Hops imported, hereby suspended, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a Duty of Customs upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hops imported into Great Britain the Sum of one Penny and twelve twentieth Parts of a Farthing, and so in proportion for any greater or Id's Quantity; and that so much of the said Duties hereby suspended as became due and payable between the twentieth Day of August one thousand eight hundred, and the Time of the passing of this Act, shall not be paid or payable; but instead and in lieu thereof, the Duty by this Act granted shall be paid; and upon the Payment thereof any Bonds that shall have been entered into for Payment of the Duties hereby suspended, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be null and void, and shall be cancelled accordingly, in like Manner as if the Duties hereby suspended had been fully paid thereon.

Instead of the Duties suspended, thire shall be paid id. and i2-2othsofa. Farthing per Pound on Hops imported $ which Duty shall a!so be paid in lieu of those payable between Aug. 20, 1800, and the passing of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Duty by this Act granted shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, Duty hereby recovered, and applied by the same Persons, in like Manner, and under such and the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as the Duties on the Importation of Hops are now raised, a, [he Duties on levied, collected, paid, recovered, and applied, by virtue and in pursuance of the said Act passed in the twen- Hops imported ty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and of any Act or Acts passed subsequent, or in any are now raised. Manner relating thereto.

CAP. V.

An Act for continuing, until the Expiration of Forty Days after the Commencement of the first Session of Parliament that shall be begun and holden after the first Day of September one thousand eight hundred and one, several Laws relating to the prohibiting the Exportation, and permitting the Importation, of Corn and other Articles of Provisioti, without Payment of Duty; to the allowing the Use of Sugar in the brewing of Beer; to the reducing the Duties upon Spirits distilled from Melasses and Sugar; and to the prohibiting the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, and certain other Articles, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[8th December 1800.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation and permit the Importation of 39 Geo. 3. c. 87. 4 Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty, to continue in force until six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, which was to continue in

force until the Expiration of six Weeks from the Commencement of the last Session of Parliament; and 39 & 4o Geo. 3. 4 which said Act, by another Act of the last Session of Parliament, was further continued until the thirtieth c. 9. §2.

Day of September one thousand eight hundred; and by another Act, made in the said last Session of Par- &40 GEO. 3* 4 liament, intituled, An Act for further continuing and amending an Act made in the last Session of Parlia- c. 58^ c ment, for enabling his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation and permit the hnportation of Corn, and for at-Nl lowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty, was also amended, and further continued until forty Days after the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament: And whereas the Provisions of an Act passed in the said last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to allow, Cap. 62.

for nine Months after thepojjing of the Act, the Use of Sugar in the brewing of Beer, were limited to the Space of nine Months from and after the passing of the said Act, and which Act will shortly expire:

And whereas an Act was passed in the said last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for reducing, until Cap. 8.

the first Day of June one thousand eight hundred\ the Duties upon Spirits distilled from Melasses, or Sugar, or

any Mixture therewith; for prohibiting the Distillation of Spirits from Wheat or Wheat Flour; and for re- during, until the twentieth Day of September one thousand eight hundred, and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch, which was to continue in force until and upon the twentieth Day of September one thousand eight hundred; and which, by another Act passed in the same Session of Par- Cap. 61.

liament, so far as relates to the Dut*es on Wort or Wash brewed or made from Melasses or Sugar, was further continued until and upon the first Day of July one thousand eight hundred and one: Anawhere- as the Provisions of an Act passed in the second Session of Parliament holden in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit until the first Day of March one thousand C*P* 7*

eight hundred, the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or any Bran, in that Part fl/'Great Britain called Scotland, were limited to be.in force until and upon the first Day of March one thousand eight hundred; which said Act was further continued until the first Day of February one thousand eight hundred and one, by another Act passed in the :hirtyT 4 ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue, until the first and Cap. %u 4 Day of February one thousand eight hundred and one, an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, to recited,

prohibit the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat or other Sort of Grain, or from Meal, Flour, or Bran, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And whereas it is expedient that the said several

544 C. 5, 6. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

recited Acts, and all the Powers, Authorities, and Provisions therein contained, should be further continued May it therefore pit aft your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and and continued Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said several ter Se*f rcc*1-^ Acts, and all the Powers, Authorities, and Provisions therein contained, shall be, and the (am! are

fion held after" hereby continued, until the Expiration of forty Days after the Commencement of the first Section of Par* Sept. i. i&ow liament that shall be begun and holden after the fit ft Day of September one thousand eight hundred and one.

CAP. VI.

An Act for shortening, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, the Time of keeping in Steep for malting, Barky damaged by Rain in the late Marvell.

[8th December 1800.]

WHEREAS by the Laws now in force it is provided that every Maltster or Maker of Malt, during the Continuance of the Duties on Malt, should wet or keep his Barley, or other Corn or Grain intended to be made into Malt, in the Cittern, Uting-fat, or other Veiled, fb as that the same should be covered with Water, and continue so covered in such Cittern, Uti.ig-f.u, or other Veil'd, for the full Space of forty Hours from the Time of its being hrft wet and covered wirh Water as aforesaid, before he should obtain or take, or draw the Water from the same; and certain other Provisions have been made by Law for enforcing the same: And whereas a considerable Quantity of Barley was damaged during the late Harvest, which cannot be made into good Malt if the lime he continued covered with Water for the full Space of forty Hours; and it is therefore expedient to allow such Barley to continue covered with Water for a less Space of Tune, under and subject to certain Rules, Regulations, and Reftnitions \ Be it therefore enacted by the Ring’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, for and during the Continuance of this Act, no Maltster or Maker of Malt for Home Consumption, wetting such damaged Barley to be made into Malt, according to the Terms and Provisions herein after mentioned, shall be deprived of the Allowance of four Bushels in every twenty, in charging the said Duties by Gauge, either in the Cittern or Couch, for or in respect of any such Barley, nor shall be subject or liable to any Penalty for neglecting or refusing to continue any such Barley covered with Water for the full Space of forty Hours from the Time of its being first wet and covered#

No Maltster shall be tlcpriV-ed of the Allowance of four Bushelb in twenty, ter r!an lazed bar-.

Icy, nor for neglect in e to continue it covered with Water for forty Hours.

Such Bailey shall be kept covered for twenty Hours at least; and Notice shall be given to the kxcise Officer of the Quantity, and for what ime intended to be covered.

II. Provided always, That no such Barley shall be kept covered with Water for any less Space of Time than twenty Hours, except as herein after provided; and that the Malltster or Maker of Malt for Home Consumption, intending to make any such Barley into Malt, shall, in the Notice in Writing required by any Act now in force to be given to the Officer of Excise, specify that the Barley mentioned in such Notice is Barley which was damaged in the late Harvest; and the Quantity or Number of Bushels of such Barley

intended to be wetted attach Steeping, and for what Number of Hours the same is intended to be keptco-\ eicd with Water.

If Makers do rot begin to Wit such Pir-lcy accordingly, a tre.h Notice fh«.D be given.

Such Kirby th ill be I ivun to be wetied only b. two r»

seven n. titc M orr.ine -n J three in the Afternoon, ,-.nd r.one shall be wetted mo:o than once in three Da> s: on Penalty c f icol.

»nd the like Penalty for adding to the Quantity of Barity after the Officer has taken an Account of it.

Earley floating on the Surface, yriion uken

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any Maltster or Maker of Malt, having given any Notice in Writing of his Intention to wet any such damaged Barley as aforesaid to be made into Malt, shall not begin to wet the Barley foecified in such Notice, and immediately proceed to cover the Whole thereof *vim \\ ater at the Hour or Time mentioned in such Notice or within one Hour next after the Expiration of the said Hour and Time, then every such Notice shall be, and \he same is hereby declared to be null and void; and every such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be obliged to give a fresh and like Notice before be or lhc shall begin to wet any such his or her damaged Barley; and no such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall begin to wet any such damaged Barley to be made into Mult, but between the Hours of seven in the Morning and three in the Afternoon; and no such Maltster or Maker of A Tit shall wet or deep any such damaged Barley more than once in three Days; and in case any such Maltster or Maker of Malt, having given any such Notice which shall become void, shall neglect or refuse to give a fresh and like Notice, or having given such Notice or Notices, and begun to wet any such damaged Barley in pursuance thereof, shall neglect or refuse immediately to proceed to cover the Whole thereof with Water, and to continue the same lb covemJ, fur tt e full Spice of Time mentioned in the Notice for wetting such Barley, or shall begin to wet any such damaged Barley at any other Time than between the Hours of seven in the Morning and three in the Afternoon; or if any such Maltster or Maker of Malt, after the Officer shall have taken an Account of the damaged Barley in the Cittern, Uting-fat, or other wetting Place, shall add any Corn or Grain to the damaged Barley so wetted, or steeping, or shall wet or steep any such damaged Barley rnoic than once in three Days, then, and in every such Case, the Maltster or Maker of Malt lb offending shall, for each and every such Glib nee, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

IV. And whereas it may possibly happen that some of such damaged Barley may be in such a State as to float on the Surface of the Water, in the Cittern, Uting-fat, or-other Vessel wherein such Barley

A.D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. C. 6 - 8. 545

shall be wetted for the Purpose of making the same into Malt, notwithstanding which, the same may, by ootof the vef- couching and working, be made into Malt and it is therefore expedient to make such Provision as is

herein after directed in respect thereof:* Be it therefore enacted, That when and so often as any such t]ut the°£xcifc damaged Barley shall float on the Surface of the Water in the Cistern, Uting-fat, or other Vessel wherein Officers may such Barley shall be wetted for the Purpose of making the same into Malt, the Maltster or Maker of Malt conveniently to whom the same shall belong, shall immediately, on (kimming or taking such floating Barley from and out gauge it, ard of such Cistern, Uting-fat, or other Vessel, deposit, put, lay, and spread the same in some convenient Part jj^cf0lr,c tc* of his Malthouse, as near as may be to such Cistern, Uting-fat or other Vessel, and in such a Manner and Hour* af. Form that the Officer of Excise maybe enabled conveniently to take a Gauge and ascertain the true ter being Quantity thereof; and no such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall carry or remove the same from the Place gauged, 00 Pc-wfiere the same shall have been so deposited, put, laid, or spread, until the Expiration of three Hours next ut icoi. after the proper Officer of Excise shall have taken a Gauge and ascertained the Quantity thereof; and if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall neglect or refuse to deposit, put, lay, and spread such floating Barley as aforesaid, or shall carry or remove any such Barley from the Place where the same shall have been deposited, put, laid, or spread, after the Removal thereof from or out of such Cistern, Uting-fat, or other Vessel, either before the Officer of Excisetshall have taken a Gauge and ascertained the Quantity thereof, or after such Gauge, and before the Expiration of three Hours from the Time of such Gauge having been taken, then and in every such Case the Maltster of Maker of Malt so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds*

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and and for any Officer of Excise, and Officers rmy such Officer is hereby authorised and empowered to take at any Time or Times a Sample or Samples, not tJkc 5>amP4cs' exceeding half a Pint, out of any one Parcel or Quantity of any such damaged Barley, in the Custody or Possession of any Maltster or Maker of Malt, and wetted or intended to be wetted as aforesaid; and in case pemlty of 50E any such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall refuse to permit such Officer or Officers to take such Sample or foriuiufoi. Samples, such Maltster or Maker of Malt so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

VI. Provided always nevertheless. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or more than construed to extend to authorize any Officer or Officers of Excise to take more than two Samples from or V*®

out of any one Steeping of Barley any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

- from one Steeping.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Maltster and Maker of Malt, having given any Notice in An Account of Writing of his, her, or their Intention to wet any damaged Barley to be made into Malt, shall from Time damaged Barley to Time keep an Account of all the damaged Barley which he, she, or they shall from Time to Timefo we"e.d to£* wet or steep, and shall from Time to Time enter into a Book, or on a Paper, to be kept for that Purpose,

an Account of the several Quantities or Numbers of BuQicU of such Barley wetted or steeped by him, her, anrt (,eiivered or them* to be made into Malt under or by virtue of this Act, the Time when each such Quantity was every fix w«ks wetted, and the Time or Number of Hours the same was kept in deep, and shall, at the End of every f.x to the officer. Weeks, or oftener if required, by the proper Collector or Supervisor of Excise, deliver such Book or Paper v^n^cd to the proper Collector or Supervisor of Excise, and at the same Time verify on Oath the Truth of the Penalty of Entries made therein; and also, that the Whole of the several Quantities of Barley specified in such Ac- ]0oi. count was damaged during the late Harvest (which Oath such respective Collectors and Supervisors are hereby authorised to administer); and if any such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall neglect or refuse to keep any such Account as aforesaid, or to make any such Entry or Entries as aforesaid, or to deliver such Book or Paper to the proper Collector or Supervisor of Excise in Manner herein-before directed, or to verify on Oath, the several Matters and Things herein-before required, and in Manner herein-before directed, or shall make any false Entry in any such Book or Paper, then, and in every such Case, the Maltster or Maker of Malt so offending shall, for eaeh and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds; MaltAer* tak and if any such ’Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be convicted of wilfully taking a false Oath, in any Case in ing uJu.- Oiths* which an Oath is required by virtue of this Act, he, she, or they shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to guilty of Per* which Persons are liable for wilful and conupt Perjury.

---

"Penalty of 100l. for obstructing Officers in the Execution of this Act. §8. Penalties to be recovered and applied as under the Excise Laws, Half to the King, and Half to the informer, §9. Continuance of Act till March 25, 1801."

CAP. VII.

An Act for continuing* and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry.

[8th December 1800.]

[* To June 24, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred and one.]

CAP. VIII.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred and one.

[8th December 1800.]

For one Year from March 25, 1801.

[See 39 Geo. 3. c. 3.]

546 C. 9, 10. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

CAP. IX.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor.

[8th December 1800.]

'WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

[22 Geo. 3. c. 83. §7. recited.]

intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, the Justices of the Peace are empowered to appoint one Guardian, and no more, for each Parish desirous of being regulated according to the Provisions of the said Act: And whereas in many Parishes, by reason of their Extent and Population, one such Guardian is not found to be sufficient for the Performance of the Duties thereby required:' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Two Justices of the District may appoint additional Guardians of the Poor, under recited Act, on its being certified, in Manner herein directed, that one is insufficient.]

That if in any Parish which shall have adopted the Provisions of the said Act, either alone or in conjunction with any other Parish, it shall be the Opinion of two Thirds in Number and Value of the Owners or Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, qualified as by the said Act is required, who shall be present at a Publick Meeting to be called for that Purpose, pursuant to Notice thereof given in the Church or Chapel of the said Parish, on the Sunday preceding, that one Guardian is insufficient for carrying into due Execution the Provisions of the said Act, and the same shall be certified by two or more of the Persons present at such Meeting, in Writing under their Hands, to two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the District or Division within which such Parish shall be situate, together with the Names of four or more fit and proper Persons qualified for the Office of Guardian as by the said Act is required, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices, by Writing under their Hands, according to the Form prescribed in the Schedule to the said Act, to appoint such and so many of the said Persons to be Guardians of the Poor within such Parish, as they in their Discretion shall think fit, and as shall be necessary for duly carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Execution.

---

[

II. 'And whereas by the said Act the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor are directed to pay to the Guardians of the Poor in Parishes not united, and to the Treasurer in Parishes united as there*

in mentioned, such Sums as may be necessary for the Support of the Poor in Manner therein mentioned, and the Guardians are also directed to pay to the Treasurer of the Poor House the Sums required for the Maintenance and Support thereof, which in Default of Payment may be levied by Warrant of Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Guardians, under the Hand of a Justice of the Peace $ but no Provision is made to enforce the Payment of the Monies directed to be paid by the Churchwardens and Overkers aforesaid :* Be it further enacted, That it shall and may lawful for the Guardians of the Poor present at a Monthly Meeting held according to the Directions of the said Act, with the Approbation of the Visitor, who shall sign the same, to make an Order on the Churchwardens or Overseers, or Collector of the Poor’s Rates, fi>me or one of them, for so much Money as shall be necessary for the Purposes of the said Act; and if the Churchwardens or Overseers, or Person or Persons to whom the Order shall be directed, shall neglect or refuse to pay the same to the Treasurer or Guardian to whom the same is made payable, within seven Days aftey. it shall he demanded, it shall be lawful for any Justice of Peace wittiii the Division or District, upon Proof made on Oath of such Default, to issue his Warrant for levying the said Sums by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Churchwardens and Overseers, other Person or Persons, in l.ke Manner as by the said Act is provided in case of Non-payment by the Guardians of the Poor.

III. And whereas by the said Act no Provision is made for the Appointment of* a Treasurer, in the Case of a single Parish adopting the Regulations of the said Act, although from its Population it maybe found necessary and convenient be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any two Justices for the District or Division within which any such Parish shall be situate, to whom the Expediency of such Appointment shall be made appear, by Application from two Thirds in Number and Value of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands Tenements, and Hereditaments, qualified as by the said Act is directed, to appoint a Treasurer for the Poor House of such Parish, with a SaLry not exceeding ten Pounds, Recording to the Form prescribed in the Schedule to the said Act, in the Case of United Pantiles.

[Public Act.]

14 Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next Quarter Sessions [as under §46- of 22 Geo. 2. c. 83*] §4* 44 § s "

Guardians of the Poor, at Monthly Meetings, with Approbation of the Visitor, may make an Grder on the Churchwardens or Over-fee s, &c. for such Money as shall be necessary for the Purposes of recited Act.

[&# 8. cf that

udf? J

In Default of Payment, Jut. tkes may levy U by Distress.

Two Justices lay, on Application, appoint a Treasurer for a fin-fle Parish,

With a Salary noi exceeding xcL

f»Uc 21 Cco 3, . iy S «!]

---

CAP. X.

An Act for granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Pease, Beans, and Indian Corn, and of Barley, Rye, Oat and Indian Meal, and Wheaten Flour and Rice.

[15th December 1800.]

'WHEREAS it is expedient that Encouragement should be given, for a limited Time, to the Importation into this Kingdom of Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Pease, Beans, and Indian Corn, and of Barley, Rye, Oat and Indian Meal, and of Wheaten Flour and Rice:’ May it therefore please Your Majesty that it be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

A.D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. C. 10. 547

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That front and after the first Day of December one thousand eight hundred, and until the first Day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, there shall be paid and allowed upon all Foreign Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, and Indian Corn, and Meal of any such Corn, or Grain, and upon all Pease and Beans, and Wheaten Flour and Rice, imported or brought into this Kingdom before the first Day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, in British Ships or Vessels, or in Ships or Vessels belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, however the same may be navigated, the several and respective Bounties herein after mentioned, and futh respective Bounties shall be payable and paid upon the several Terms and Conditions herein after particularly and respectively let forth as to each of such Articles.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Bounties granted by this Act upon Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Pease, and Beans, and upon the Meal of Barley, Rye, and Oats respectively, shall be regulated and paid according to the respective Average Prices, ascertained according to the Provisions of this Act, of Foreign Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Pease, and Beans in London, which shall be published in the London Gazette in the Third Week after the Entry of the Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Pease, or Beans, or 3ny Rich Meal as aforesaid, upon which any Bounty is claimed under this Act.

after Lntry

Bounti-’s shall he paid, from Dej. 1, until OQ. 1, 1801, on Foreign Wheat,

See. imported in British VetfVh, or Velios belonging to b'tattfe in Amity witU His Majesty.

Bounties shall regulated according to ✓" Ih- Average Prices in the Gazette, the Thud Week of the Articles.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of December, there shall be paid and allowed on every Quarter of Foreign Wheat, weighing four hundred and twenty four Pounds Weight Avoirdupois or upwards, which shall be imported into Great Britain, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the said Average Price of Foreign Wheat in London, published in the London Gazette in the Third Week after the Importation of such Wheat, shall be Ids than one hundred Shillings per Quarter; on everf Quarter of Foreign Barley, weighing three hundred and fifty-two Pounds Weight Avoirdupois or upwards, which shall be imported as aforesaid, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the Average Price of Foreign Barley in London, published as aforesaid, shall be less than fifty Shillings per Quarter; on every Quarter of Foreign Rye, weighing four hundred and eight Pounds Weight Avoirdupois, which shall be imported as aforesaid, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the Average Price of Foreign Rye in London^ published as aforesaid, shall be less than sixty-five Shillings^ Quarter; on every Quarter of Foreign Oats, 'Weighing two hundred and sixty-four Pounds Weight Avoirdupois or upwards, which shall be imported as aforesaid, a, Bounty equal to the Sum by which the Average Price of Foreign Oats in London, published as aforesaid, shall be less than forty Shillings per (Quarter; on every Quarter of Foreign Pease which shall be imported as aforesaid, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the Average Price of Foreign Pease in London^ published as aforesaid, shall be less than seventy-five Shillings per Quarter; and on ever}' Quartet of Foreign Beans which shall be imported as aforesaid, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the Average Price of Foreign Beans in London, published as aforesaid, shall be less than fifty Shillings per Quarter.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of December one thousand eight hundred, there shall be paid and allowed upon all Foreign Wheaten Flour, (other than and except American Flour,) and upon all Foreign Barley Meal, Rye MeaJ, and Oit Meal, imported as aforesaid, such and the like Bounties in every Respect as are by this Act before granted on Foreign Wheat, Barley^ Rye, and Oats respectively: and that for the Purpose of ascertaining and estimating the said Bounties, two hundred and eighty Pounds Weight Avoirdupois of all Foreign Flour, upon which any Bounty is payable under this Act, (other than and except American as aforesaid,) shall be deemed equal to one Quarter of Wheat, and one hundred and ninety-six Pounds Weight Avoirdupois of such Barley Med shall be deemed equal to one Quarter of Barley, and two hundred and twenty-four Pounds Weight Avoirdupois of such Rye Meal shall be deemed equal to one Quarter of Rye, and one hundred and seventy-six Pounds Weight Avoirdupois of Oat Meal (h dl be deemed equal to one Quarter of Oats.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be entitled to any of the Bounties allowed

Bounties on Wheat, Barley, Rye, Olts, Pease, and Beans.

Dot* ntie* or Wheaten Flour, (except American,) Barky Meal, Rye Meal, and Oat Meal.

by this Act on any Corn, Grain, Pulse, Meal, Flour, or Rice, unless the same shall be imported or brought respectively into some Port where there is a Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, or into any cither Port that shall be approved of by his Majesty with the Advice of his Privy Council*

VI. And, in order that the Averse Prices of Foreign Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Pease, and Beans,

may be ascertained and published, for the Purposes of this Act, in the City and Port of London ;* be it Further enacted, That every Corn Factor, or Importer of Corn, Grain, or Pu!fe, carrying on Ins Trade <*r Business in the City of London, or in the Suburbs thereof, shall, within Seven Days after the passing of this Act, or after that Time, within Days from the Time he shall begin to deal in the Sale of Foreign Corn, Grain, or Pulse, make Declaration in the Form following; (that is to say,)

V J B. do hereby declare, That the Returns of the Quantities and Prices of Foreign Corn, Grain, and

s PuHe, which shall have been examined and certified as merchantable, and of the respective Weights c Per Quarter mentioned in an Act of the forty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, [here insert the

Title of the Atlf\ and which henceforward shall be by or for me sold and and delivered during the Continuance of the said Act, shall, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, contain the whole Quantity, C and no more, of the said Foreign Corn, Grain, or Pulse, bona fide sold and delivered by of for me,

within the Period to which they shall refer, with the Prices of such Corn, and the names of the Owner

No Bounties shall be a:lowed, unless the >\rti. cits are brought to a Port where tlurt U a Collector, Sec*

Every Corn Factor in London or the Suburbs, shall make the following Declaration,

548 C. 10. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

'or Owners, Consignee or Consignees thereof, and Buyers thereof respectively; and also the Names of the Persons who shall have certified the same together with the Date of such Certificate; and that I will not in any Case return any Prices or Quantities more than once for the same Corn, Grain, or Pulse, to the best of my Knowledge and Judgement, conformable to the Directions of the said Act.'

[which shall be delivered to the Lord Mayor, and registered by the Inspector of Corn Returns.]

Which Declaration shall be in Writing, and shall be subscribed with the Hand of such Corn Factor, or Importer of Corn, Grain, or Pulse, and shall be by him or his Agent forthwith delivered to the Lord Mayor of the City of London for the Time being, who is hereby required to grant a Certificate thereof, without any Fee being paid or payable for the same, to be registered by the Inspector of Corn Returns; and in case any Person shall carry on the Trade'or Bufinefe of a Corn Fa<5ior or Importer without making the said Declaration agreeably to the Directions of this Act, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every such Corn Factor and Importer shall and he is hereby required to return or cause to be returned, on the Wednesday Morning, before the Hour of Twelve in the Forenoon, in each and every Week, to the said Inspector of Corn Returns, at his Office, an Account in Writing, in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, finned with his own Name, or the Name of his known Agent, of the Quantities of each respective Sort or Foreign Corn, Grain, or Pulse, that (Jull have been so examined and certified as aforesaid, and by him, fold and delivered during the Week immediately preceding such Wednesday, reckoning such Week from Sunday to Sunday, with the Prices thereof, and the Amount of every Parcel, with the total Quantity and Value of each Sort of Corn, Grain, or Pulse, with the Names of the Owner or Owners, Consignee or Consignees thereof, and Buyers thereof, and the Names of the Persons who shall have certified the same, together with the Date of such Certificate 5 and every such Corn Factor or Importer shall, for every such Neglect therein, and every Omission in any such Return, and every false Particular in any such Return, either as to Quantities, Prices, or Names of Buyers, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Inspector of Corn Returns shall duly and regularly enter into a Book or Books, to be provided and kept for that Purpose, the several Accounts of Quantities and Prices of Foreign Corn, Grain, and Pulse, received by him from the respective Corn Factors or Importers, and the same shall not be made publick or shewn by the said Inspector, or with his Privity or Conient, to any Person whatsoever, unless the same shall be called for or required by the Receiver of Corn Returns, or (half, be required by any Order in Writing under the Hand of the Lord Mayor, or any two of the Aldermen of the said City, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any two or more of them, tinder the Penalty and Forfeiture of the Sum of ten Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Inspector of Corn Returns shall; and he is hereby required, every Week, to make up, compute, and distinguish, from the Returns by him received pursuant to the Dt* rections of this Act, in that Week, the general aggregate Quantity and the Price of each respective Sort of Foreign Com, Grain, or Pulse, that shall have been returned as examined and certified? and sola and delivered io and during the Week for which such Returns shall have been made as aforesaid, in the City of Louden and Suburbs thereof; and shall keep in a distinct Book the Entries of all Returns of Corn, Grain, or Pulse, that shall have been returned as certified for the Purpose of Bounties being paid thereon under this Act, from all other Foreign Corn returned to such Inspector, under an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign; and the said Inspector of Corn Returns shall make up and compute the Average Prices of each respeective Sort of such Corn, Grain, or Pulse, sold and delivered during such Week, from such Corn, Grain, or Pulse only as shall have been certified for the Purpose of Bounties being paid thereon, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act; and he is hereby directed, on the Friday in every Week, to transmita Copy of the Account of the said Average Prices to the Receiver of Corn Returns, who is hereby required to enter the same in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and forthwith to transmit a Certificate of such Average Prices of each respective Sort of Foreign Corn, Grain, or Pulse, signed by him, to his Majesty's Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs of the Port of London, and cause a Copy thereof to be hung up in fume publick Place in the Custom House, to which all Persons may resort; and the Payment of the Bounties herein-before granted shall be governed and regulated by such Average Prices, in the Manner herein-before directed, until new Average Prices shall be made up and computed in Manner by this Act directed; and such Receiver of Corn Returns shall also cause the same to be published in the London Gazette on every Saturday Night, and shall also transmit the same to the several and respective Collectors or other Chief Officers of the Customs at the several Ports in this Act described, and the said respective Collectors and other Chief Officers are hereby required to receive and enter the same in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and to cause a Copy thereof to be hung up in some publick Place in the Custom House thereto belonging, to which all Persons may resort; and the Payment of the said Bounties, at every such Port, shall be governed and regulated by such Average Prices, in Manner herein-before directed, until new Average Prices shall in like Manner be made up and computed, and a Certificate thereof shall be transmitted to such Collectors or Chief Officers respectively, and be by them received.

the other Ports.

Bounty upon X. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Wheaten Flour imported into this Kingdom Whtaten Flour ftom ^merica before the first Day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, being of the usual Quality r gf Superfine Wheaten Flour, shall not, upon the first publick Sale thereof by Auction in this Kingdom,

made

Penalty for not making the Declaration 5®1.

Corn Factors shall make Wetkly Return* to the inspector ef Corn Returns, of t)>e Quantities of Foreign Corn fold. Ice,

Penalty for Neglect 2oL

Inspector shall enter the Accounts which shall not be made pubbek without Authority, on Fenalry of id.

Jnfj5e«n©r /Hall snake up Weekly Accounts of the aggregate Quantity and Fhce of each Sort returned, and keep Entries of Returns as certified for Bounties, &c. <bftin£ from those under 31 Geo. 3. c. 30. and shall trans-trrft the Average Prices every Friday to the Receiver of Corn Return*, who shall transmit a Certificate thereof to the Ceik&or of the Customs in London.

Such Certificate shall be published in the CrtZfctte every Saturday, and transmitted to the Colic ft or* at

imported from Aiutcica.

Bounty upon Indian Corn.

A.D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. C. 10. 549

made pursuant to the Regulations of this Act, produce the Sum of seventy Shillings per Barrel, containing one hundred and ninety-six Pounds Weight Avoirdupois, there shall be paid and allowed, upon every such Barrel a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the actual Price of each Barrel of such Flour so sold shall be less than seventy Shillings, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity; and where any such Wheaten Flour as aforesaid, being of the Quality of Fine Wheaten Flour, shall not, in such publick Sale by Auction as aforesaid, produce the Sum of sixty-eight Shillings per Barrel as aforesaid, there shall be paid' and allowed, upon every such Barrel, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the actual Price of each Barrel of such Flour so sold shall be less than sixty-eight Shillings, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Indian Corn or Maize, weighing four hundred and eight Pounds Avoirdupoisprr Quarter, shall not, upon the first publick Sale thereof by Auction in this Kingdom, made pursuant to the Regulations of this Act, produce the Sum of fifty-five Shillings ftr Quarter, there shall be paid and allowed, upon every such Quarter, a Sum equal to the Sum by which the actual Price of each Quarter of such Indian Corn or Maize lo sold shall be less than fifty-five Shillings: Provided always, That three hundred and sixty-four Pounds Weight Avoirdupois of Indian Meal shall be deemed equal to one Quarter of Indian Corn or Maize.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Rice which shall be imported into this Kingdom from America before the first Day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, shall not, upon the hrft publick Sale thereof by Auction in this Kingdom, made pursuant to the Regulations of this Act, produce the Sum of thirty-five Shillings per Hundred Weight, there shall be paid and allowed, upon every Hundred Weight of such Rice, a Bounty equal to the Sum by which the actual Price of each Hundred Weight of Rice so sold shall be less than thirty-hve Shillings.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Rice imported into this Kingdom, in any Ship which shall have cleared out from any Port in the East Indies before the first Day of September one thousand eight hundred and one, shall not, upon the first publick Sale thereof by Auction in this Kingdom, at the Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, made pursuant to the Regulations of this Act, produce the Sum of thirty-five Shillings per Hundred Weight, there shall be paid and allowed, upon every one Hundred Weight of such Rice, a Bounty equal to the Suin by which the actual Price of each Hundred Weight of such Rice so sold shall be less than thirty-five Shillings.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Bounty shall be paid or payable under this Act, on any American Wheaten Flour, or any Rice, or Indian Corn or Meal, unless the same shall be sold at publick Sale by Auction in this Kingdom, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, or at the Sales of the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, within two Months after the Entry thereof at the Port of Importation, unless longer Time shall, under particular Circumstances, be allowed by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs for England or Scotland respectively for the Time being, or any two or more of them.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all American Wheaten Flour, or any Rice, or Indian Corn or Maize, sold at any public Auction pursuant to the Directions of this Act, shall be exempt from any Duty payable on Sales by Auction.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Importer or Importers, or Person or Persons acting in his or her Behalf, in the Importation of any such Wheaten Flour and Rice respectively, shall, within forty-two Days after the Importation thereof, give or cause to be given. Notice by public Advertisement, fourteen Days at the least previous to the Day of Sale of such Wheaten Hour and Rice respectively, specifying the Time and Place of Sale, and the Quantity intended to be sold, and shall also give or cause to be given a fi-milar Notice in Writing, fourteen Days at the lead previous to the Day of Sale of such Wheaten Flour and Rice respectively, to the Commissioners of the Customs, if in London, or if not in London, to the Collector and Comptroller of the Port into which the same shall have been imported; and such Commissioners, Collector, or Comptroller respectively, are hereby respectively reciuired to appoint some Officer or other Person to attend such Sale, in order that such Officer or other Person may certify to the said Commissioners, or Collector and Comptroller, the Prices at which such Wheaten Flour and Rice respectively shall be bond fide publicly sold, and the Quantities thereof, together with the State and Condition of the Whole, according to the Certificate of the Persons who shall be appointed to inspect the same under the Authority of this Act.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That before any Bounty shall be paid on any Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Pease, Beans, Indian Corn, or any Meal, or any Wheaten Flour or Rice, under the Regulations of this the Person or Persons claiming Bounty thereon shall make Proof on Oath before the principal Officers of the Customs at the Port of Importation, of the Day of the Sale of such Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Indian Corn, or Meal thereof, or of such Pease or Beans, and that the Sale of such Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Pease, Beans, and Indian Corn and Maize, and Wheaten Flour and Rice respectively, was a fair and bond fide Sale, and that there was not any Fraud or Collusion in the Sale of any such Articles respectively, for the Purposes of obtaining the Bounties thereon.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Bounty by this Act granted upon Rice imported into this Kingdom from the East Indies shall be paid to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for the Purpose of being paid over by the said Company to such Importer or Importers of such Rice, as shall be entitled thereto*

Bounty upon Rice imported from America.

Bounty upon Rice imported from the East Indies.

No Bounty shall be paid on American ‘Wheaten Flour, Sec, unless sold within a limited Time*

American Wheaten Flour, &c, exempt from Auction Duty. Importers of Wheaten Flour and Rice shall give fourteen Days previous publick Notice, of Sales, and like Notice to the Commissioners of the Customs, Sec, who shall appoint a Person to attend to certify the Prices, Sec

Persons claiming Bounties shall make Proef on Oath that the Sales were bonA 6dt Sales.

How Bounty on Rice imported from the East Indies shall be paid.

550 C. 10. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Bounties shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs.

Entry to be made at (tie Port of Imimitation, and Prcoftiven that the Article* are frt from Mixtute. Articles imported mail be impeded by ibo Ofikers of the Cu horns .-rd two (ViJiul Persons, who are to certify. whether they are ht for mak-irg Hr tad, See.

[5Vr froji c. 19. that all Foreign Corn whiter et rtujfl he injt ;ch,l9 whether the Bounty he claimed or net J

Samples may be taken in order to a Pertain the Condition of the Articles,

Recompence to be mide to the inspectors.

Foreign Wheat, &c. arriving not in a merchantable Mate, may bt w.avhouPd, and for such asihall become

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Bounties shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland reflectively* and shall he paid out of any Monies in their Hands arising by any of the Duties or Revenues under their Management respectively to the respective Importers or Consignees of such Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Pease, Beans, or Indian Corn, or of such Meal or Wheaten Flour and Rice respectively: Provided always, That a due Entry shall be made with the proper Officer of the Customs at the Port Into which such Articles shall be imported: Provided also, That the Collector or other proper Officer of the Customs of the Port where such Articles shall be imported, do receive full and satisfactory Proof that the Article for which any Bounty herein allowed is claimed is wholly, and entirely without Mixture of any other Corn or Grain; and that in Default thereof, the said Bounties un any of them shall not, nor shall any of them be allowed oY paid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That before any Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Pease, Beans, Indian Corn, or Meal made of Barley, Rye, Oats, or Indian Corn, or Wheat Flour or Rice imported or brought into this Kingdom for Bounty, under the Regulations of this Act, shall be delivered out of the Charge 0 the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs of the Port where the same shall be respectively so imported or brought, such Articles respectively shall be carefully and attentively inspected and examined, and such Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, and Indian Corn and Maize, weighed, by such Officer or Officers of the Customs as the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively shall think fit to direct for that Duty, and two indifferent and disinterested Persons, experienced in the Nature of the Article to be so inspected and examined; which two indifferent and disinterested Persons shall be appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England for the Port of London, and by the Collector and Comptroller or other Head Officer in any other Port of Importation described in this Act, in England or Scotland respectively, subject nevertheless in every such Case to the Controul and Approbation, Coa* formation or Removal, of any such Person or Persons appointed in any such Port or Ports aforesaid, of the Commissione rs of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, whenever they dull think fit; which said Officer or Officers of the Customs, and two indifferent and disinterested Persons to chosen as aforesaid, shall, upon having viewed the same, and having weighed such Quantities and Proportions of any Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, or Indian Corn and Maize, as they may think sufficient for ascertaining the Average Weight thereof, certify and declare, upon their corporal Oaths first administered in the Port of London by some Person authorised by the Commissioners of the Customs for that Purpose, and in the Outports by the Collector, or in his Absence, by the Comptroller or other principal Officer of the Customs at the Port where such Articles shall be imported, (who are hereby authorised and required to administer the same,) whether the said Articles respectively are or are not merchantable, and whether any such Wheaten Flour is fit for making Bread, and also the Weight of such Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, and Indian Corn and Maize respectively; and such Officers and Persons respectively are hereby required to grant such Certificate upon all Corn, Grain, Pulse, Flour, and Meal, that shall by them have beta deemed merchantable and in good Condition as aforesaid, within two Days after the same shall have been inspected determined by them as aforesaid; and if the same shall appear by such Certificate to be merchantable, and of the respective Weights required by this Act, where such Weights are in this Act specified, and such Wheaten Flour shall appear to be fit for making Bread, the Bounties respectively granted by this Act shall be paid and allowed thereon; but if the same shall appear by such Certificate not to be merchantable, or such Wheaten Flour not fit for making Bread, no Bounty granted by this Act shall be paid or allowed thereon.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such Officers, or Person or Persons fa appointed as aforesaid, shall have any Doubt as to the State and Condition of any such Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oafs, or Indian Corn or Maize, or any Meal of any such Corn as aforesaid, or of any Wheaten Flour, it dial I be lawful for such Officers or Person or Persons aforesaid, to take a Sample thereof, not exceeding a Bushel of any such Corn, or a Peck of any such Meal or Wheaten Flour, upon Payment of the reasonable Value thereof, according to the last Average Price of such Article, for the Purpose of grinding any such Corn into Flour or M?al, and making Bread thereof, or making Bread of any such Meal or Wheaten Hour, in Older thereby to ascertain the State and Condition of the same, and whether the same, is fit for making Bread.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said indifferent and disinterested Persons so chosen by the said Commissioners and principal Officers respectively to inspect and examine the said Articles, shall from Time to Time be paid by an Order of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland, or any Thice or more of them, out of any Monies in their Hands, arising by any of the Duties or Revenues under their Management respectively, the following Sums, by way of Recompence or Reward for their Trouble in lo inspecting, examining and certifying, (tint is to say,) the Sum of one Penny per Quarter for all Corn, Grain, or Pulse, or two hundred and eighty Pounds Weight Avoirdupois of Rice, inspected, and examined and certified by them as aforesaid, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, and the Sum of one Penny per Barrel of all Wheaten Flour inspected, and examined and certified by them as aforesaid, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

XXIII. And whereas it may happen that Foreign Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Pease, Beans, and Indian Corn and Maize, imported into this Kingdom, may arrive heated and not in a merchantable Stile and Condition ;’ be it therefore enacted, That in every such Case it shall be lawful for the Owner or Consignee thereof, to deposit the same in some Warehouse to be approved of by the CoDftor, or in his Absence the Concroher or other Head Officer of the Customs in the Port where such Corn, Grain or Pulse,

A.D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. C. 16. 551

shall be imported* under the Joint Locks of his Majesty and such Owner or Consignee; and the Officers merchantable

of his Majesty's Customs in the Town or Port where any such Corn, Grain, or Pulse, shall be deposited, jhahte part.

shall at all seasonable Times in the D*y Time permit the Owner or Consignee of such Corn, Grain, or Pulse,

by his, her, or their Servants, to inspect, examine, and turn such Corn, Grain, or Pulse, and take

all proper Steps for the restoring the same ton merchantable Condition \ and the Owner or Consignee of all nich Corn, Grain, or Pulse, that (hill, after any such Case as aforesaid, become merchantable, and shall be certified as such in Manner by this Act direct d, shall be entitled to the Bounties by this Act

granted, in like Manner in every Reipeft as if the same had arrived in good and merchantable State, and

such Bounty shall be payable and paid according to the Average Puces published in the London Gazette in

the third Week after the Article upon which any such Bounty shall be claimed shall have been certified as aforesaid.

Vessels arriving at a Port where the Bounty is not allowed, may fail to one where it is. S *4-"

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the said Articles herein enumerated and de- Commissionere bribed shall be so imported or brought from any of the Ports or Places herein mentioned, into any of the of Customs may

Jie respective Ports herein also enumerated, subsequent to the Time limited by this Act, but before the In^rticJcs^iin-fteenth Day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, it shall and may be lawful for the Coaimif- ported before toners of his Majesty's Customs in England an* Scotland respectively, to order the Bounty or Bounties o«cher 15, irespectively to be pa d thereon* in like Manner as f the said Articles had been imported within the T'im^ i8or, on Proof limited by this Act; provided Proof shall be nude to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners relpec- of the lively, that the Ships or Vessels, on board of Which respectively such Articles shall be so imported or ^such ‘Times brought, actually and bona fide ftt Sail from such refueftiv* Ports or Places for Great Britain, in such that they mi^nr. If ime as they might in the ordinary Course of their Voyage, have arrived in Great Britain before the said in the ordinary trft Day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, and Proof shall also be given and Jintry shall be Course of lade, and the Articles kifpefted and examined, and certified, in like Manner as is required by this Act, to au* Voyage*, have (horize the Payment of^Bounty on the said Articles imported within the Time limited by this Act: Provided JJSobert* always, Thai nothing in this Clause contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to any Rice imported Bounty on* into this Kingdom, in any Ship or Vessel that shall have cleared out from any Port in the East Indies before cleared out in (he firii Day of September ant thtm&nd eight hundred and one, and that the Bounties by. this Act granted the East Indies, on all such Rice shall be payable and paid upon all Rice imported in any such Ship or Vessel, in every Case before Septem-where the Voy.ge shall have been performed according to the Regulations that shall have been entered into r» ,8o,» with the Court of Directors of the said Company in respect of such Voyage. where^hi*

Voyage shall have been performed, according to the Agreement with the Pirrltor*.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Forfeitures created and Penalties inflicted by this Act, for Recovery and Offences committed in England and Scotland respectively, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and re- Application of covered, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edin- Fcr£aturcl* burgh, nespectively, in such Manner, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as, Penalties infiifted or Forfeitures created in England and Scotland respectively, for any Offences against the Laws of Customs may now be legally sued (or, prosecuted, and recovered, and the Produce dispolsd of in like Manner and applied to the like Uses and Purposes, unless otherwise specially provided for by this Act.

XXVII. Provided always, That any Penalty or Forfeiture infiifted by this Act on any Cornfactor or* penalties-on Importer, or on any Inspector of Corn Returns, may be sued for and recovered before any two justices of Ccrnfattoni, the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, or Town, where such Cornfactor or importer, or In- Importer*, or speftor of Corn Returns, shall reside; and such two Justices shall, and they are hereby authorised and re- Jufyedrorx of quired, if upon due Proof and Examination of the Matter it shall appear to them rhat such Cornfactor or Importer, or I. speftor of Corn Returns, is guilty of the Offence against mis Act then alledged against hefer/two him, to convict him thereof, and by Warrant under their Hands and Seals to levy such Penalty by Justices. LHftrefe and Sale of his Goods ^nd Chattels; and such Penalty shall be applied in Manner herein-before mentioned.

XXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That no Bill, Plaint, or Information, No Action ilialL shall be brought or sued forth in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, for any Offence be brought in against this Statute, in Cases where such Offences are by this Act cognizable by Justices of the Peace *n-v Court of relating to the same Offences, or any Forfeitures or Penalties for the same, but that the De*ermiria- < cog- tion of the Justices of the Peace in the County where such Offence or Offences shall be commuted, shall p.^ibiWy be final to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Thing herein contained to the contrary tntreof not- Juitias; whole

Withstanding. v J *' Determination

shall tv final.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shaft be brought or eomrrfencod against Limitation of any Person or Persons for any Thing by him, her, or them done# by virtue or in pursuance ofr this Act, Actions three such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and Momh*

shall be laid, in the proper County, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit (hftl and

may plead the General issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be General Issue.

[Treble Costs.]

had thereupon; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pal's for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaiptiffs flull discontinue his, her; or their Action or Actions, or be nonsuited, or, Judgment shall be given against him, her, or shem upon Demurrer or otheAvife, then such Defendant or Defendants shall

Save Treble Costs awai^tdHo him, heV, or t^roj against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.J

552 C. 10 — 12. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers*

Return of CORN, GRAIN, or PULSE, that has been examined and certified for the Purpose of Bounties being paid tlmeon, which has been sold between Sunday the and Sunday

the T

Date of the Certificate,

By whom certified.

Description of Com, Grain, or Pulse.

Quarters.

Bushels.

Conti £ nets or Owners.

Buyers’ Names-

Price per Quarter.

Amount.

---

CAP. XI.

An Act to permit, until the first Day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, the Importation of Herrings and other Fish, the Produce of the Fishery carried on in Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Newfoundland, and on the Coast of Labrador, into this Kingdom, without Payment of Duty.

[15th December 1800.]

'WHEREAS it is expedient, under the present Circumstances, to permit, for a limited Time, the Importation of Herrings and other Fish, the Produce of the Fishery carried on in Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Newfoundland, and on the Coast of Labrador, into Great Britain, in British-built Ships, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, without Payment of Duty;' be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Herrings and other Fish may be imported from Nova Scotia, &c. in British-built Vessels, without Payment of Duty.]

That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatever, to import into Great Britain from Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Newfoundland, and from the Coast of Labrador, in any British-built Ship, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, any Herrings or other Fish, the Produce of the said Fishery, without the Payment of any Duty whatever; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

[Entry of such Herrings, &c. shall be made with the proper Officers of the Customs.]

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That a due Entry shall be made of all such Herrings and other Fish that shall be imported by virtue of this Act, with the proper Officers of the Customs at the Port into which the same shall be imported; and, in Default thereof, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs.

[Continuance of Act till October 1, 1801.]

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the first Day of October one thousand eight hundred and one.

CAP. XII.

An Act for making better Provision for the Maintenance of the Poor, and for diminishing the Consumption of Bread Corn, by directing the Manner of applying Parish Relief; until the sixth Day of November one thousand eight hundred and one, and

A.D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. C. 12. 553

from thence until the End of six Weeks after the Meeting of the then next Session of Parliament.

[22d December 1800.]

'WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made for the better Administration of Parochial Relief, and for the Subsistence and Support of the Poor, during the present high Price of Provisions: And whereas the Introduction of certain Articles of Food, at reasonable Prices, will materially contribute to that End, and will lessen the Number and Extent of the Applications for Parochial Relief, whereby the present Burthens on the Persons contributing to the Parochial Rates may be decreased:' be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[Justices in England shall from Time to Time meet and take into consideration the State and Circumstances of the Parishes

That the respective Justices of the Peace, acting for each Division and Place in England, shall, as soon after the Palling of this Act as conveniently can be done, and fofiom Time to Time, meet together at Special or Petty Sessions to be held within the Divisions or Places for which they respectively ad, and

Jit such Meetings shall take into Consideration the State and Circumstances of all the respective Parishes and ^laces within the Limits aforesaid, and the Nature, Quality, and Prices of the different Kinds of Provi- ^:rujn lions, usually contained by the poor Persons who have applied or are likely to apply for Parochial Relief, nTn^oTth'er on Account of the present Scarcity and high Price of Corn, or for other causes; and also the Quality and Parishes within Prices of any other Articles of uholesome and nutritious Food, which might be procured for the Use of their respective such Persons at reasonable Prices; and the Means of procuring the same, whereby the Consumption of Jurisdictions, Bread or Bread Corn, in general Use within those Parishes and Places, may be lessened, and the State and

Condition of the Poor, and particularly of such as have Families of young Children, may be bettered; and the i^cc/of The JVid Justices respectively thrill call before them the respective Overseers of the Poor of the several Parishes, Provisions con'd ownships, and Places, within such Division or Place, and also may call before them any other Persons fumed by the of the same, Division or Place, from whom any useful or necessary Information respecting the Matters P<*>r* and the aforesaid can be obtained, or may require the inspection of any Books or Papers of a publick Nature; and p^cesof Sub-may, when necessary, adjourn themselves from Time to Time, each Adjournment being for not more routes for than the Space of seven Days, until the several Provisions of this Act be fully executed. Bread, &c.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the respective Justices of the Peace, or any Two Justices two or more of them, assembled as aforesaid, and they are hereby respectively required (unless they fee raayonierthe tafficient Cause to the contrary) upon due Consideration, by any Writing under the Hands and Seals of Ovofcer&to any two or more of them, to order and direct the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor, of every or any of^ovisions^o Parish, Township, or Place, within the respective Divisions and Places for which they aft, within a Time btadminfteud, or Times to be fixed in such Order, to provide a sufficient Stock of Provisions, towards the Support and in lieu of. Maintenance of the Persons to whom Parochial Relief shall be given, to be administered to them, either Wiuaten upon Sale thereof at reasonable Prices, or by the Distribution thereof in lieu of a certain Portion of the Bread,.a*

Relief to be given, according to the Directors herein after provided; and to limit and appoint the Kind,

Quantity, and Quality of each and every Article of Food to be so provided; which Articles may consist, p0mt cV Kind, at the Discretion of the said Justices, of any Kind or Sort of wholesome and nutritious Foody mixed with Quantity, and each other, or unmixed (other than and except Bread made wholly of Wheat or Wheaten Flour, and Quality of the other than and except the Kind or Kinds of Bread in common Use, in ordinary Times, within the re- Article*, and spective Parishes and Places to which such Orders shall relate); and the said Justices shall also have Authority, whenever they shall think fit, to appoint a proper Person or Persons to prepare, keep, and sell or feiifor distri-distribute, from l\me to Time, such Articles of Food as shall have been provided by such Overseer or bute the same, Overseers, in pursuance of such Order, for whose Labour and Care such Reward shall be paid, or Com- who shall be pensation made, as shall be agreed upon between such Person and such Overseer or Overseers, with the Consent and Approbation of the said Justices.,

III. And be it further enacted, That in every Parish, Township, or Place for which such Order as afore- Justices shall said shall be made, the said Justices shall, at their Special or Petty Sessions, prescribe general Rules and prefenbe Rules Regulations for the Guidance of the Overseer and Overseers in the Application of the Stock of Provisions

so ordered, giving Notice thereof to the respective Overseers of the Poor, in such Manner as they in their overfter ;a d Discretion shall judge convenient; and may from Time to Time alter and amend the said Rules and Re- dirtel a Pouion gulations, at Social or Petty Sessions, as to them shall seem meet, giving Notice of such Alteration or [&* $4.] Amendment as aforesaid; and the said Justices shall further, in every such Case, direct and order, that in every Case where Relief shall have been or shall be ordered to be given, or shall be allowed to any poor madVby a°Uif-Person, or to or in respedT of his or her Family, or any Part thereof, a certain Portion of such Relict, trii>ution or not exceeding the Portion hereio-after mentioned, shall be made either by a Distribution of such of the fe- Snk of such veral Articles of Food, in lieu of such Portion of Relief, conformably to the said general Rules and Regu- Articles. Jations, or in such Proportions as the said Justices shall, in and by their Order, direct; or where such Distribution shall not be made, then by a Sale of such of the said several Articles, or any of them, to the Person or Persons obtaining such Relief, as he, she, or they shall choose, at such reasonable Prices as shall he settled by the Overseer or Overseers, with the Consent of two Justices of the Division or Place, such Prices not to exceed the Rate of the Prime Cost of the Articles, and such a per Centage on the Prime Cost, over, and above the same, as may be necessary to defray the Charges of Sale, such per Centage to be fixed by the find Justices, in consideration of the Circumstances attending the Purchase and Sale of the said Articles.

pard for his Trouble.

---

[Parochial Relief may be administered]

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Whole or any Part of the Parochial Relief ordered or allowed to any Person, or to or in respect of his or her Family, may be administered in any of

554 C. 12. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

[in Articles of Food in a certain Proportion.]

---

Penalty for obstructing Inspection, or not rendering a true

the Articles of Food, to be furnished in pursuance of this Act, as the Case may require, in lieu of a Sum of Money equal to the Price of such Articles, as the same shall be settled by the respective Justices, and the Proportion thereof shall be fixed at the Discretion of the respective Justices, provided such Proportion shall in no Case exceed weekly the Value of one Third of the Parochial Relief given to any Person, or his or her Family, subsisting wholly on Parochial Relief, or one Third of the joint Amount of the weekly Earnings of any Person, and his or her Family, and the Parochial Relief ordered or allowed to him or her, or for or in respect of his or her Family.

[Money given for distributing Bread, maybe distributed by Order of two Justices in inferior Bread to an equal Amount.]

V. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which any Sum or Sums of Money have been given or bequeathed for the Purpose of providing Bread to be given or distributed among the Poor of any Parish or Place, it shall and may be lawful for any two or more Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County, Riding^or Division in which such Parish or Place shall be situated, to direct fuefy Distribution to be made in Bread made of the while Produce of Wheat, or in Bread made of Wheat Flour mixed with the Flour or Meal of any other wholesome Grain, and not in Fine Wheaten Bread: Provided always, That the Value of the Bread so distributed shall be equal to the Value of the Fine Wheaten Bread which has usually been so distributed or given.

[Two Justices, &c. may infptft the Articles provided, and Cake, or require an Account of the Kinds, Qualities, x Quantities, and Prices, and the Stock then in Hand.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace of the Division or Place, at their Discretion, to inspect and examine, or to appoint a fit and proper Person to inspect and examine, the several Articles of Food provided in pursuance of this Act, and to take an Account, or require the Overseer or Overseers for the Time being to render an Account to them, of the Kinds, Qualities, Quantities, and Prices of the several Articles of Food so provided, and the Stock (if any) then in Hand, and from Time to Time to make such Orders in Writing, and such Alterations in any former Order, as to them shall seem meet; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully obstruct or hinder any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any Person authorised as aforesaid, in making such Inspection as aforesaid, or demanding or requiring to make such Inspection as aforesaid, or if any Overseer or Overseers shall not tendef any Account, or a true and faithful Account, of the several Articles of Food provided, or of the Stock in Hand, every such Overseer or Person shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds nor less than five Pounds.

Account, from %oU to 5l.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever the Justices of the Division or Placet assembled at Special or Petty Sessions, shall have directed and established general Rules and Regulations, for the Guidance of the respective Overseers within their Limits, in the Distribution of the Articles of Food to be provided in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for any one Justice of the Division or Place, by his Order in Writing, to direct, and for the Overseer or Overseers of the Parish, Township, or Place, with-out such Order, to grant Relief to the Poor by the Sale or Distribution of Food, conformably to such Rules and Regulations, and to the tiue Intent and Meaning of this Act.

After the Rules are settled one Justice may order the Over-fters to grant Relief by thfe Sale or Distribution of Food, or the Overseers may do so without such Order.

First Meeting of Justices shall be within a limited Time, and if not so held the Quarter Sessions may execute this Act, or allow further Time to the Justices.

If Justices in Special Sections deem it inconvenient to execute this Act, a Statement of the Cause shall be transmitteti to the Clerk of the Peace, to be laid before the Quarter Sessions for Determination, who may from Time to Time make Orders accordingly.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, the first Meeting of Justices to be held in their respective Divisions and Places, in pursuance of this Act, shall not be later than twenty-one Days after the passing of this Act; and in case no such Meeting shall be held within the Time herein-before limited, in or for any Division or Place, it shall be lawful for the Justices assembled at the then next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or at any adjourned Sections, as herein after provided, and they are hereby required to execute this Act, and to do all Matters and Things which the Justices at Special or Petty Sessions are hereby authorised to do and execute, unless in their Discretion the said Justices at General or Quarter Sessions shall allow, and they are hereby authorised, either at such Sessions or at any Adjournment thereof, and fofrcwi Time to Time, in, their Discretion, to allow further Time to the Justices to execute the same at Special or Petty Sessions, within their respective Divisions.

IX. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Justices assembled at the Special or Petty Sessions for any Division or Place shall, for any Cause, have deemed it inconvenient or impracticable to carry this Act into Execution, in any Parish, Township, or Place, they shall, without Delay, draw up in Writing under their Hands, a Statement of the Cause or causes of such Non-execution thereof, and transmit the same to the Clerk of the Peace, or Town Clerk, of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, before the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or of any such Adjourned Sessions; which Statement shall be laid before such Justices of the first Day of holding the said Sessions, or of any Adjournment thereof; and the said Justices shall take into Consideration the Cause or causes b alledged, and shall adjudge upon and determine the same according to the best of their Judgment, and shall make such Order therein as to them shall seem meet, which Order or Orders shall be revocable from Time to Time, as Circumstances may require, by the Justices at any future General or Quarter Sessions, or any such adjourned Sessions, or may be altered or varied by them as shall be expedient; but which Orders, being recorded aqiongst the Proceedings of the said Sessions as herein after directed, shall respectively be final and conclusive in all other Respedh, and shall not be removed or removeable, by any Process whatever, into any other Court, any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding; and that so long as this Act shall, in the judgment of such Justices, require to be funner executed in any such Parish, Township, or Place, they shall adjourn such General or Quarter Sessions, or shall appoint from Time to Time other General Sessions to be held at such Place or Places, at such Time or Times as shall appear to them necessary for the due Execution of this Act.

A.D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. C. 12. 555

X. And be it further enacted, That the Justices assembled at their General or Quarter Sessions, respectively to be holden in the first Week after the Epiphany one thousand eight hundred and one, are hereby required to adjourn the same to some Day, not later than the corresponding Day in the ensuing Calendar Month, and so from Time to Time, or from Month to Month, until the ensuing General or Quarter Sessions, to be holden next after the Day of Easter one thousand eight hundred and one, or until, in the Opinion of the said Justices, ttys Act shall have been executed throughout their respective Jurisdictions, as far as Circumstances will admit, and shall cause Notice of the Time and Place fixed for such adjourned Sessions to be published in some Newspaper usually circulated in the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place; and in every Case where a Special or Petty Sessions shall not have been held in any Division within such County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, the said Justices shall cause Notice to be given of the Time of holding such adjourned Sessions to the Overseer or Overseers of the respective Pari (hes and Places within such Division, requiring him or them to attend at Aich adjourned Sessions, and may also require him or them to bring and lay before the said Justices, such Books and Papers, of a Publick Nature, as the said Justices shall deem necessary; and whenever the said Justices assembled at the General or Quarter Sessions, or any adjourned Sessions, shall fee Cause not to carry this Act into Execution, in any Parish or Place within their respective jurisdictions, or shall make any Order in pursuance of this Act, they shall cause a Record of their Proceedings to be made, and the respective Orders to be filed amongst the Proceedings of the said Sessions, and a Copy or Copies of all Records, Orders, and Proceedings of the Court of General or Quarter Sessions in any Way touching or concerning this Act, or any of the Provisions thereof, shall be without Delay transmitted to His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State.

The Epiphany Quarter Sessions shall be adjourned Monthly until the Act has been executed 5 where a Special Sessions hai not been, held in any Etf-vision, the Quarter Sessions shall give Notice to the Overseers to attend, and when thby shall fee Cause not to carry the Act into Execution, or shall make any Order, their Proceedings shall be recorded, and a Copy transmitted to the Secretary of State.

The Overseers, with the Consent of the Majority of the Inhabitants, or Scled Vestry, may furnish a Stock of the proper Articles, to Persons, and contract with them for the Sale thereof, or for fumifli-ing such Articles, to be sold to the Parishioners, at not more titan the Prime Cost, and a reasonable per Cent-age to the Contractor.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Overseers of the Poor, in any Parish, Township, or Place, with the Consent of the major Part of the Parishioners or inhabitants of the same Parish, Township, or Place, in Vestry, or other Parish or Publick Meeting, for that Purpose assembled, or with the Consent of the major Part of the Select Vestry where such Select Vestry shall be chosen for such Parish, Township, or Place, at the usual Place of Meeting, for that Purpose assembled, or of the major Part of such of them as shall be respectively so assembled, to furnish a Stock of the like Articles of Provisions as may have been directed to be supplied by Overseers, for the Support and Maintenance of the Poor in such Parish, Township, or Place, to any Person or Persons keeping a Shop or Shops, or felling Articles of Provisions by Retail In the same Parish, Township, or Place, if any such be there resident, or residing at some convenient Distance therefrom, or any other proper Person or Persons jo resident, and to contract with such Persons respectively for the Administration and Sale of such Articles of Provisions as aforesaid, or to contract with any such Person or Persons for the furnishing of such Article or Articles of Provisions, to be sold to any Inhabitants of the same Parish, Township, or Place, for themselves or their Families, who shall apply for the Purchase of such Articles, in a Quantity or Quantities' proportioned to the necessary Constimption of his or her Family, or their refbeftive Families; and such Articles shall be sold for Ready Money only, and at such reasonable Prices as shall have been settled between such Overseer or Overseers, and the Person or Persons entering into such Contract; such Prices in no Case to exceed the Prime Cost of the Article, and a reasonable per Centage thereon, over and above the same, such per Centage to be had, received, and taken by and for the sole Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons entering into such Contract, as a Compenfetton for the Labour and Care employed in and about tlje same, and to be fixed or limited by a Confraft in Writing, under the Hands of the Overseer or Overseers, or the major Part of ‘them, and allowed by two Justices of the same Division or Place, on Confederation of the Circumstances under which such Contract shall be made; and for the better Performance of such Contraft, it shall be lawful for the said Overseer or Overseers, with such Consent as aforesaid, to raise, by a Rate to be made (or the Relief of the Poor, as much Money as will be necessary to purchase an adequate Stock of such Provisions or to apply, out of the Monies raised by such Rates, the requisite Sum for that Purpose, and to advance the same either in Payment for such Articles of Provisions as shall be furnished by such Overseers, or to the Person or Persons entering into any Contract for furnishing the same, in such Proportions, and to be re-paid at such Times, as shall be fixed in such Contract.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person that shall, by virtue of this Act, enter into any Contract with any Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Township, or Place, for the furnishing of any Article or Articles of Provisions as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to repay any Sum or Sums of Money, which shall have been advanced to him by such Overseer or Overseers, at the Time or Times fixed in such Contract for Re-payment, then on due Proof thereof, on the Oath or Oaths, or solemn Affirmations, of the Overseer or Overseers of the same Parish, Township, or Place, for the Time being, that any Sum of Money so advanced hath not been re-paid at the Time or Times fixed for Re-payment thereof, but then remains due, it shall be lawful for two Justices of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, in their respective Divisions, and they are hereby required, on Complaint of such Neglect or Refufel, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause the Goods and Chattels of the Person so contracting, or which shall come into the Hands of his Executors or Administrators, wheresoever the same can be found, to be seized and secured $ and in case the Sum of Money so due, or any Part thereof, be not sooner paid or satisfied, to cause the said Goods and Chattels to be sold, to satisfy and pay such Overseer or Overseers, as well the Money so advanced, as the Costs of such Seizure, Detention, and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Party; and if any Part of the Monies shall remain unsatisfied after such Seizure and Sale, the same shall be recovered in an Action on the Case for Money had and

Money to purchase such Stock may be raised by, or paid out of, a Poor Rate.

If Contractors do not duly repay Money arfvanoed, two Justices Inay order their Goods to be feiaed and fold, and if the Product is insufficient, the Sum due may be recovered by an Action for Money had and received, in the Name of the Overseers.

556 C. 12. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

If any Person shall advance Money to the Overseers for the Purchase of Provisions, it shall be repaid from the Sale of the Articles or from the Poor Rates at the Time agreed, and if rot paid, one Justice nrc y fumtTion the Overseers, and Older a Rate to be forthwith raised, or if the Overseers have Money, or sufficient Rates shall have been made, may order immediate Payment.

Over fee re not obeying the Order liable to Distrt fs.

The Majority of the Parishioners, or of Select Vestry may appoint Householders willing to ad gratis with the Overseers.

With respect to the Poor in Houses of industry, in Places incorporated for their Maintenance, and in Workhouses erected in pursuance of Acts of Parliament, the Directors, &c. may act as the Justices in Petty Sessions may do in other cases; subject to the Infpiction of a Justice and (Ue Orders of the Quarter Sessions.

received, by and in the Name of the Overseer or Overseers of the same Parish, Township, or Place, for the Time being, against the Person so contracting, his Executors or Administrators, which Action may be brought in any Court in this Kingdom holding Pleas to the Amount of the Sum due as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, with the Content of such major Part of the Inhabitants or Select Vestry assembled as aforesaid, voluntarily advance, and lend to the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Township, or Place, any Sum or Sums of Money towards or for the Purchase of a Stock of Provisions, to be applied for the Support and Maintenance of the Inhabitants of such Parish, Township, or Place, by ail or any of the* Ways provided by this Act, and shall agree to continue such Loan for a Time to be limited, not exceeding the Space of three Calendar Months, or if, at or after the Expiration of three Calendar Month?, or other Time limited, such Person or Persons shall agree to continue such Loan for a like further Period, the Slim or Sums lb advanced and lent shall be repaid at such Time or Times, by the Overseer or Overseers for the Time being, out of any Morey in their Hands, arising from the Sale of the said Article, or from the Rutis made for the Relief of the Poor of each Parish, Township, and Place respectively; and such Rates shall from Time to Time Wand as a Security for such Re-payment; and in case any Sum or Sums of Money so advanced ^ind lent shall not be paid and satisfied at the Time or Times limited for such Payment, or within the Space of twenty Days after Demand thereof shall be made from such Overseer or Overseers, it shall be lawful for any one or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, to summon the Over leer or Overseers who shall refuse or neglect to make such Payment, and, if necessary, to order a Rate or Rates, for the Relief of the Poor,- to be forthwith made, raised, and collected by such Overseer or Overseers, within the same Parish, Township, or Place, for the speedy Payment of so much as shall appear to such Justice or Justices to be due to the Peifoti or Persons advancing or lending such Sum or Sums; or if such Overseer or Overseers shall then have Monies in his or their Hands, or sufficient Rates for that Purpose shall have been made, to order immediate Payment to be made of fuafe Sum and Sums respectively, together with such Charges as may have been incurred by such Person or Persons, in consequence of such Refusal or Neglect; and if the Overseer or Overseers shall refuse or neglect to obey the Order of such Justice or Justices in regard to the Matters last before-mentioned, the Sum directed to be paid by such Order shall be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Overseer or Overseers respectively, together with the Costs attending such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the major Part of the Parishioners or Irv-habitants of any Parish, Township, or Place, in Vestry or other Parish or Publick Meeting so assembled as aforesaid, or for the major Part of the Select Vestry, where such Sele& Vestry shall be chosen, to nominate and appoint two or more, according to the Extent of the Parish, such substantial Householders of the said Parish, Township, or Place, as are willing to act, without Fee or Reward, to exercise, conjointly with the Overseers of the Poor, all the Powers given to them by this Act, in those cases, in which such Overseers shall be empowered by their respective Vestries or Parish Meetings, to provide a Stock of Provisions for Sale to the Inhabitants, except the Powers of making and enforcing the Rates to be levied for that Purpose.

XV. And whereas certain Hundreds, Towns, and Distri&s, have, for the better Maintenance, and Employment of the Poor, been incorporated by virtue of divers Acts of Parliament passed for that Purpose; and Houses of Industry have been erected therein, under the Guidance and Management of Directors and Guardians of the Poor: And whereas certain Workhouses have been erected, in pursuance of certain other Acts of Parliament, in divers Parishes and Places in England not so incorporated, for the Purpose of maintaining and supporting the Poor therein, which have been placed under the Management of Governors or others contracting to support and maintain the Poor, or may be under the Controll! of the respective Overseers of the roor*$ and it is expedient that the Poor received into any such Houses of Industry or Workhouses, should be supplied with Provisions, according to the Regulations of this Act ;* be it further enacted, That in respect of all such poor Persons as shall have been or shall be received into any such House of Industry or Workhouse, the respective Directors, Guardians of the Poor, Governors, and Overseers aforesaid, as the Case maybe, shall hive Authority, and they are hereby respectively required, to carry this Act into Execution, in all Matters appertaining thereto, as fully and effectually, as the Justices at Special or Petty Sessions are hereby authorised in any Matter relating to the Poor who receive Relief from the respective Overseers of the Poor; and the said Directors, Guardians, Governors, and others, having the Guidance, Management, or Controul of any such House of Industry, or Workhouse, are hereby required, as soon after the Expiration of Fourteen Days after the Passing of this Act as conveniently can be done, to provide from Time to Time a sufficient Stock of wholesome and nutritious Food of any Kind whatever, which they shall think necessary, (other than and except Bread made wholly of Wheat or Wheaten Flour,) for the Use, Support, and Maintenance of the Poor in their respective Houses of Industry and Workhouses, and to limit and appoint the Quantity of each Article to be distributed, Daily or Weekly, or from Time to Time, to each poor Person, and to set down the Kinds and Quantity of each Kind, so to be provided and distributed, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, which Books shall be open to the Inflection of any Justice of the Peace of the Division or Place where such House of Industry or Workhouse shall be situate; and the said Directors, Guardians, Governors, and Overseers, shall, at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, report their Proceedings to the Justices there assembled, and the Cause

A.D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. C. 12. 557

or Causes (if any) which shall have prevented, or are likely to prevent, their carrying this Act into Execution, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, and the Justices, at such General or Quarter Sessions, are hereby authorised and required to consider the same, and to confirm the same, or to make such Alterations jtherein, and such Regulations in respect thereof, as to them shall seem expedient, and to make an Order accordingly, which Order shall be obeyed by the said Directors, Guardians, Governors, and Overseers respectively, as the Case may require, in all Matters and Things therein or thereby confirmed or altered, regulated or ordered, under the Penalty directed to be inflicted by this Act on Overseers for Disobedience of the Orders of Justices at Special or Petty Sessions, or which by Law may be inflicted for Disobedience of an Order of the Court of General or Quarter Sessions, and which Order shall be revocable from Time to Time, as Circumstances may require, by the Justices at any future General or Quarter Sessions, or may be altered or varied by them as shall be expedient; but which Orders shall respectively be final and conclusive in all other Respects, and shall not be removed or removeable by any Process whatever, into any other Court; any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in respect of all such Persons belonging to any incorporated Hundred, Town, or District, or to any Parish or Parishes, Place or Places, where any such House of Industry or Workhouse shall have been erected, who shall require Parochial Relief, but shall not have been received into such House of Industry, or Workhouse, the Justices of the Division or Place, assembled at their Special or Petty Sessions, or any two or more of them, shall have Authority to make Order for providing Food for the said Persons by the said Directors, Guardians, and Overseers respectively, as effectually as they are hereby authorised to do in other Cases of Persons requiring Parochial Relief, subject to such Controul of the Justices, at their General or Quarter Sessions, as is herein-bdore directed in the Cases where this Act shall not have been executed.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That such Charges and Expences incurred by any Overseer or Overseers of the Poor in the Execution of this Act, and such moderate Allowance for the Trouble and Loft of Time of such Overseer or Overseers, or Persons employed in the Inspection of such Provisions, as shall be allowed and approved by any two or more Justices of the Peace of the Division or Place, shall be defrayed out of the Rates made, or to be made, for the Relief of the Poor for each Parish, Township, and Place respectively; which Rates they are hereby empowered to make or cause to be made, whenever the same shall be necessary, in such Manner as they are empowered to make Rates for the Relief of the Poor by any Law now in force.

Justices in Special Sessions may order Food for Perform who have not been received into such Houses of Industry or Workhouses.

Expences incurred by Overfem in the Execution of this Act, and Allowances far Inspection of Provisions, to be defrayed out of the Poor Rates,

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, within whose Jurisdiction any Offence or Offences against this Act shall be committed, for which any pecuniary Penalty shall be incurred, or the Person charged with such Offence shall reside, upon Complaint or Information to him or them made, to summon the Party or Parties accused, and also the Witnesses on either Side, to appear before him or them, at a certain Time and Place in such Summons to be specified; and upon the Appearance of the Party or Parties accused, or in Default of his, her, or their Appearance according to such Summons, (due Proof being made of the Service of such Summons,) to proceed to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and upon due Proof made of the Offence, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party or Parties accused, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath or Oaths the said Justice or Justices is or are empowered to administer,) to convict the Party or Parties, and to award and adjudge the Penalties imposed by this Act, to be paid by such Offender or Offenders, together with reasonable Costs and Charges attending such Conviction; and upon Non-payment of the Sum so awarded, either immediately, or at such Time as the said Justice or Justices shall appoint, not exceeding seven Days, such Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction tail be had,‘ is or are hereby empowered and authorised to issue his or their Warrant for apprehending such Offender; and in case such Offender shall escape or go out of the Jurisdiction of such Justice or Justices, it shall and may be lawful for any other Justice of the Peace, of the County or Place where such Offender shall be found, by Indorsement of such Warrant, to authorize the Execution thereof within the Jurisdiction of such Justice; and the Justice or Justices who granted such Warrant may, upon the Offender being brought before him or them, commit such Offender to some Publick Prison or House of Correction of the City, County, or Place in which such Offence shall have been committed, or such Offender shall have refuted, th^re to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Term not exceeding one Calendar Month, nor less than fourteen Days, from the Day of every such Commitment, unless such Offender (half sooner pay the Sum to be mentioned in every such Warrant of Commitment.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses, to give Evidence before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, touching any Matter contained in this Act, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at a Time and Place for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such his or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such justice or Justices, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than twenty Shillings, to be levied and paid in such Manner and by such Means as herein-hetore directed with respect to other Penalties; and if any Person or Persons summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence as aforesaid, shall appear at the Time and Place for that Purpose appointed, but shall refuse to answer any lawful Questions such Justice or Justices may think proper to put to him, such Justice or Justices may commit every such Person to some Prison or House of Correction of the City, County,

Justices for Offences for which pecuniary Penalties are incurred, may determine the Matter in a summary Way, and 00" Non-payment mny issue Warrants for Apprehending Offenders,

Penalty on Witnesses not appearing from 40s to 20*.; refusing to answer, imprisonment not exceeding 14 days.

558 C. 12, 13. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Convictions shall be made out in the following Form,

Conviction shall be certified to the Quarter sessions to be filed, and shall diot be quashed for Want Of Form, orre-, moved into Jury other Court. Appeal may be made to the Quarter Sessions.

or Place, within the Jurisdiction of such Justice or Justices, for any Time not exceeding fourteen Day* from the Time of every such Commitment.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Offender shall be Convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the following Form of Words, or in any Form of Words to the same Effect; (that is to say,)

1 BE it remembered, That on this Day of

To wit, J in the Year of his Majesty King A.B. is

convicted before me (or> us) one (or% two) of his Majesty's Justices of the

Peace for the [as the Case may be] for that the said A\ B. on the

Day of v now last past, did, contrary to the Statute in that case'made and provided [bert

state the Offence against the Act], and I ($r, we) do declare and adjudge that the said A\ B. hath forfeited the bum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, for the Offence aforesaid. Given

under my Hand and Seal (or, our Hands and Seals) the Day and Year aforesaid.’

And the said Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be had, shall certify the same to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, wherein such Conviction was had, to be filed and kept amongst the Records of the said General or Quarter Sessions; and such Conviction shall be good and valid in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, and shall not be quashed, set aside, or judged void or insufficient* for Want of Form only, and shall not be liable to be removed by any Process whatever into any other Court, but shall be deemed and taken to be final to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved, by the Judgment or Determination of any such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, in respect of any pecuniary Penalty, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place where such Judgment shall be given, at their then next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, unless such next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall happen to be holden within six Days next after any such Conviction; and in such Case such Person or Persons may ' appeal to the next subsequent General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace which may be holden for any such

County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place; but no such Appeal shall be received, heard, or determined, unless the Appellant or Appellants shall first enter into a Recognizance, with two Efficient Sureties, before such Justice or Justices so convicting as aforesaid, in the Sum of ten Pounds each, to appear and prosecute every such Appeal with Effect; and the Justices of the Peace at such General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace are hereby authorised and required, on every such Appeal being made, and on reasonable Notice thereof given to the other Party, finally to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and tb make such Order, and to award such Colts therein, as they ia their Discretion shall fix meet; and which said Order and Determination shall be final and conclusive to all Parties; and no Certiorari shall be allowed to remove any such Proceedings or Determination.

Application or

XXII. And be it further enacted, That one Moiety of the Penalties by this Act imposed shall, when Penalties, one recovered, go and be paid to the Person or Persons who shall prosecute to Conviction any such Offender Half to the Pro* or Offenders, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish in which the Offence shall be com-

fecutor atwi one Half to the Poor.

Limitation of

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be sued or prosecuted for any Thing done ia

Actions, fix pursuance and in execution of this Act, after the Expiration of six Months from the Time when the Of-

Months. fence was committed; and every such Suit 6r Prosecution shall be brought in the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place where such Offence shall have been committed, and not elsewhere 5 and every Person General Issue. To sued shall and may plead the General Issue (Not Guiky) and may givethis Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any rial to be had thereupon$ and if a Verdict shall be found for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon a Demurrer against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant Double Costa. or Defendants irt every such Action shall receive Double Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as Defendants have in other Cases for the Recovery of their Costs.

---

[Continuance of Act, till Nov. 6. 1802, &c.]

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be in force until and upon the sixth Day of November one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence until the End of six Weeks after the Meeting of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XIII.

An Act to enable Commissioners to purchase certain Buildings for the Accommodation of the two Houses of Parliament.

[22d December 1800.]

'WHEREAS it is necessary, for the Accommodation of the two Houses of Parliament, that certain Houses and Buildings in Old Palace Yard should be purchased for the Publick Use; and it is expedient that the Value of such Houses, Buildings, and Tenements, should be ascertained by indifferent Persons, without Delay;' be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

A.D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. C. 13. 559

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Commissioners appointed for the Purchase of Buildings for the Accommodation of Parliament, who, if the Parties refuse to sell, &c. may require the Sheriff of Middlesex to impannel a jury to ascertain the Value of the Premises.]

That George Dance, Samuel Pepys Cockerell, and John Groves, Esquires, shall be and are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Purchase of all such Houses, Buildings, and Tenements, as they may think necessary, for the completing the Purposes aforesaid; and that if any Person or Persons, seised or possessed of or interested in any Houses, Buildings, Lands, or Tenements, that shall by the said George Dance, Samuel Pepys Cockerell, and John Groves, be deemed necessary to be altered, removed, or pulled down, shall refuse to treat or agree for the Sale thereof, or shall not agree in the Sum of Money offered to be given for the same, or shall not, or cannot, produce a clear Title to the Premises they are in possession of, or the Interest they claim therein, that then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any two of them, by Writing under their Hands, to require the Sheriff of the County of Middlesex, who shall thereupon, and is hereby authorised and required to im-pannel, summon, and return a competent Number of substantial and disinterested Persons qualified to serve as Jurors, not less than twenty-four nor more than forty-eight; and out of such Persons so to be impannelled, summoned, and returned, a Jury of twelve Men shall be drawn by some Person, to be by the said Commissioners, or any two of them, appointed, in such Manner as Juries, for the Trial of Issues joined in his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, are by an Act, made in the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Juries, directed to be drawn; which Persons so to be impannelled, summoned, and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the said Commissioners, or any two of them, at any such Time and Place as in such Summons shall be appointed, and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not be at Liberty to challenge the Array; and the said Commissioners, or any of them, are hereby authorised and empowered from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to call before them all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who shall be thought proper and necessary to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, on his, her, or their Oath or Oaths, touching or concerning the Premises; and the said Commissioners, or any two of them, if they think fit, shall and may likewise authorise the said Jury to view the Place or Places, or Premises in question, in such Manner as they shall direct; and the said Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as also the Oaths of such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Commissioners, or any two of them, are hereby empowered and required to administer) shall enquire of the Value of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and of the proportionable Value of the respective Estates and Interests of all and every Persons and Person seised or possessed thereof, or interested therein, or of or in any Part or Parts thereof, and shall assess and award the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to such Person or Persons, Party or Parties respectively, for the Purchase of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and of such respective Estates and Interests therein, and also for Good Will, Improvements, or any Injury or Damage whatever, that may affect any such Person or Persons, Party or Parties, either as Leaseholder or Tenant at Will; and the said Commissioners or any two of them, mall and may give Judgment for such Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed; which Verdict or Verdicts, and the Judgment and Judgments, Determination and Determinations thereupon, shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all and every Persons and Person claiming any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, Use, or Interest in, to, or out of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments and Premises, in possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, as well Infants and Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Ideots, and Femes Covert, and Persons under any other legal Incapacity or Disability, as all other Cestuique Trusts, their, his, and her Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, and against all other Persons whomsoever; and the said Verdicts, Judgments, and Determinations, and all other Proceedings of the said Commissioners and Juries so to be made, given, and pronounced as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on Parchment, and signed by the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being of the County of Middlesex.

[Upon Payment of the Sums assessed, the Parties shall convey the Premises to the Commissioners and if they cannot make a Title, refuse to convey, or cannot be found the Commissioners may order the Money to be paid into the Bank, subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery.]

II. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of any such Sum or Sums so assessed to the Party or Parties to whom the same shall be so awarded, or on Tender thereof made at his, her, or their Dwelling House, or if he, she, or they shall have no Dwelling House, then at the House of some Tenant or Occupier of some Lands or Tenements of such Party or Parties near the said intended Works, he, she, or they shall execute a Conveyance of the Premises which shall be so purchased, to the said Commissioners, or any two of them, for the Purposes of this Act; and in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any two of them, or shall refuse to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances, or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case as aforesaid it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any two of them, to order the said Sum and Sums assessed and awarded for any Purchase Money, or in Recompence for any Damage as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (describing them,) subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of proceeding or otherwise as to the Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, on Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereto,

560 C. 13 - 15. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum and Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

[After such Payment into the Bank, the Premises shall vest in his Majesty.]

III. And be it further enacted, That immediately after paying such Purchase Money as aforesaid into the Bank, the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect whereof the same shall have been so paid, shall vest in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and for the Purposes aforesaid, who shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Possession thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, freed and discharged from all former and other Estates, Rights, Titles, Interests, Claims, and Demands whatsoever.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred and one; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[31st December 1800.]

"Treasury may raise 3,500,000l. by Exchequer Bills, &c. before April 5, 1801. §1. Bills not to be received for any Tax, before October 10, 1801. §3."

[Such Exchequer Bills shall be repaid out of the first seven Instalments of the next Loan.]

---

IV. And be it further enacted, That all such Loans or Exchequer Bills, together with the Interest* Premium, Rate, and Charges, incident to or attending the lame, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid in equal Proportions out of the first seven Instahnents of any Loan which may be granted by an Act to be pa (led in the next Session of Parliament; and in case there shall not be sufficient Sums of Money paid on any such instalments as aforesaid, before the tenth Day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, then all the said Loans or Exchequer Bills, with the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges incident to or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Monies as at any Time or Times, atfor after the 5th Day of January one thousand eight hundred and two, shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, (except such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf,) and such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the fam^can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling and discharging such Loans or Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium, Rate, or Charges, until the Whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

Monies issued from Consolidated Fund shall be replaced out of the first Supplies, &c. §5. Bank may advance the Money. §6. Monies raised by the Duties on Malt, &c. cap. 7. on Pensions, cap. 44 8. and 3,500,000l. by this Act granted, shall be applied as follows: §7 - 3-435>oooo/. /or Naval Services 44 [for three Lunar Months, commencing January 1, 180«.] viz. 666,000l. (or Wages of 120,000 Men, including 22,696 Marines, a't 1l. lys. per Man per Month; 684,000l. for their Victualling, at 1l. 44 iSs.per Man per Month; 1,080,000l. for Wear and Tear of Ships, at 3l. per Man per Month; 90,000l. 44 for Ordnance for Sea Service, at 5;. per Man per Month. 205,009l. for Ordinary of the Navy. 44 200,000l. for Extraordinary of the Navy. 35,000l. for Sick Prisoners of War, and 475,000l. for Trans- port Service, and Prisoners of War in Health. §8. 457,000l. for Ordnance for Land Service, for Jfa- nuary, February, and March 1801. §9. 2,141,591l.' (or Land Service, [from December 25, 1R00, to

Match 25, 1801, both inclusive,] viz. 562,055l. for 58,528 effective Men in Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney, 501,486l. for Forces in the Plantations, &c. 374,350l. for the Militia, the Miners of Cornwall and Devon, and the Fencible Infantry. 110,000l. for mcieased Rates of quartering Sd- diers and Allowance in lieu of Small Beer. 127,500l. for Recruitings Contingencies, and Forage, and extra Feed for Cavalry. 145,000l. for Volunteer Corps. 171,2001. for the Barrack Department. 44 150,000l. for Foreign Corps. $ 10. 35,000l. for Secret Service. 60,000l. for French Emigrants and

American Loyalists. 3,oco for Convicts at Home, [for January, February, and March 1801J. 151.643l. 44 x6s. Hd. for Interest on Exchequer Bills, and 50,000l. for laying in Scores of Fish. §11. Said Supplies shall be, issued for the before-mentioned Uses only. §12."

---

CAP. XV.

An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof.

[31st December 1800.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to take an Account of the total Number of Persons within the Kingdom of Great Britain together with the progressive Increase or Diminution thereof May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present

A.D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. C. 15. 561

---

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within that Part of Great Britain called The Oreri«rt England, the respective Overseers of the Poor, or in Default thereof, some substantial Householder of every House-

[England, and

Parish, Township, and Place, and within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, such Persons as shall holder) of every be for that Purpose appointed by the Sheriff Deputes, Stewart Deputes, and Justices of the Peace, to Parish, &c. in in and for every Parish, shall, at the Time and in the Manner herein-afeer directed, severally take an Account of the Number of Persons who shall be actually found at the Time of taking such Accounts to ^i-fons *P-be within the Limits of such Parishes, Townships, and Places respectively, and shall set down sheriff Depim^ the several Particulars respecting the same, according to the Form prescribed in the Schedule annexed to &c in scoibnoj this Act shall take an Account of the Nurnfcer of Persons in each Parish and Place, according ro the Fo.in in Schedule* No. i,

[

II. And for the more speedy and effectual obtaining of such Accounts, be it further enacted, That a sufficient Number of printed copies of this Act, and of the Schedule thereto annexed, shall, so soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, be transmitted by His Majesty's Printer to the Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks of the several and respective Counties, Stewartries, Ridings, Divisions, Precincts, Sokes, Franchises, Liberties, Cities, Boroughs, Towns and Counties Corporate in Great Britain; and that the said several Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks shall, and they are hereby required, with all convenient Speed, to cause the said Act to be distributed amongst the acting Justices of the Peace within their respective Limits; and also within that Part of Great Britain, called England, to cause a sufficient Number of the Schedule to this Act annexed to be delivered to the High Constables, or where there are no High Constables, to such other proper Officers who have the Execution of Precepts from Justices of the Peace to inferior Officers within their respective limits, at the Epiphany Quarter Sessions of Peace in the Year One thousand eight hundred and one; and within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to cause a sufficient Number of the said Schedule to be delivered to such Persons and at such Times as are for that Purpose herein-after mentioned.

Tons appointed

for England and Scotland.

[Atto the latter, fee §7, &c.]

III. And be it further enacted, That within that Part of Great Britain called England, the High Con- in England tho

(tables or other proper Officers so described as aforesaid, within their respective Jurisdictions aforesaid, shall, Con,i

at the said Epiphany Quarter Sessions of the Peace in the Year one thousand eight hundred and one, pursuant to the Directions aforesaid, receive from the Clerks of the Peace or Town Clerks, the said printed Epiphany Sef-Schedules, and forthwith deliver or cause to be delivered one such Schedule to the Rector, Vicar, Curate, flons v8oi, rev or other Officiating Minister, and one other such Schedule to one of the Overseers of the Poor of every ceive from the Parish, Township, or Place, as well within Towns Corporate as without, in their respedbve Limits, and Clerks of the also one such Schedule to the Overseer or Overseers of every Extra-parochial Place within the said Limits; schcdW»%nd^" and if there shall be no such Overseer therein, then to some one substantial Householder residing within the deliver ere to ' said Parish, Township, or Extra-parochial Place; and thereupon the said Overseers or substantial House- the Minister, holders as aforesaid, Caking to their Assistance the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens, Sidesmen, Parish &c. and one to Clerk, and Vestry Clerk, (if any,) and employing, if they shall think fit, the Constables; Tithingmen, Head-boroughs, or other Peace Officers, for such ranfhes, Townships, or Places, (such several Persons being parish*C The hereby required to be aiding and assisting therein for that Purpose,) shall, upon the tenth Day of March in Overfeir, &c. 1 the Year one thousand eight hundred and one, pioceed to take an Account in Writing of the Number of shall, with the Persons at that Time being within the Limits of such Parishes, Townships, and Places, respectively, and inform themselves of the several Particulars relating to the Matters foecified in the three first Questions in upon the said Schedule, by proceeding together or separately from House to House or otherwise, as they shall March ro, P judge expedient for the better Execution of this Act, and from such Information shall prepare an A nfwer’. i?or, takean or Return to the said Questions, according to the Form prescribed in the said Schedule, and shall sign the same Account ot with their Names and respective Additions, as such Overseers or substantial Householders as aforesaid; and the Nun.ber the better to enable the said Overseers or substantial Householders as aforesaid, to make such Answers and Returns, they, and the Persons so assisting them as aforesaid, are hereby authorised and empowered to ask and inform all such Questions of the Persons within the said Parish, Township, or Place, respc£ting themselves and m2 thra.f.jvcs cf Number and Quality of the Persons conflicting their respective Families, as shall be ncceiliry for Hating certain particu-the Particulars required to be stated concerning them, in the said Answers and Returns; and every fjjcn ,ar/ ard Pft-Person refusing to apfwer, or wilfully giving a talfe Answer to such Questions, or any of them, shall, for so QU(rtions$ every such Refusal or f life Answer, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor Ids than forty Shillings, according to at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom Complaint thereof shall be lYiade. the Foim in

the Schedule. Penalty on Persons refusing to Answer, or wilfully giving fade Answtrs, 5l. to14c?.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace, or any two or more of them, within their respective Jurisdictions in England, shall, at, or fofoon as conveniently may be after, the said Epifhary Quarter Sessions in the Year one thousand eight hundred and one, appoint a Time and Place, or Times and Places, (which Time shall be i*t sooner than the tenth Day of Jpril, nor later than the thirtieth Day of rfpril in the Year one thousand eight hundred and one, and may be at the Easter Quarter Session if they shall think fit,) for the Overseers of the Poor of the several Parishes, Townships, and Places, within their respective Divisions or Limits, or for such substantial Householders as aforesaid, as the Case may be, to attend them for the Purpose of this Act, with Returns and Answers to the said three first Questions stated in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and cause Notice thereof to be given to such Overseers and Householders respectively, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act, and also to the High Constables, or where there are no High Constables, to such other proper Officers as aforesaid; and thereupon the fan! Overseers or substantial Householders as aforesaid, or some one of them, in and for every such Parish,

Justices in England shall appoint a Time ard Place (between the 10th and 30th of April i2oi,) for the Overseers, &c. ;o attend with Returns and Answers to the three first Question*

Rated in Schc-

V.

562 C. 15. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Township, or Place, shall and they are hereby required to attend the Justices of the Peace it such Meeting or Meetings respectively, and then and there deliver to the said Justices, in Writing signed by themselves, a just and tt-ue Answer and Return to the said Questions, upon Oath, (or being of the People called thinkers) on Affirmation,) as herein after directed, and the said High Constables, or other proper Officers so described as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby required to attend the said respective Meetings for the Purposes herein after directed.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices of the Peace shall and they are hereby required to receive and take, at such Meetings so to be appointed by them as aforesaid, and then and there to administer to the said Overseers or Substantial Householders respectively, the Oath or Affirmation contained in the said Schedule; and (if they see Cause) to examine such Overseers and Householders upon Oath or Affirmation, touching any of the Matters contained in such Questions and Answers, and, if necessary, to adjourn the said Meetings to any Time or Times, not later than the said Thirtieth Day of April, and to any Place or Places, in order that the said Returns may be rendered more complete or satisfactory; and shall then deliver such Answers and Returns to the respective High Constables, or other proper Officers as aforesaid, who shall thereupon indorse on each of such Returns the Name of the County, and also of the Riding, Division, Rape, Wapentake, Lathe, Precinct, Soke, Franchise, Liberty, City, Borough, Town, or County Corporate, wherein the Parish, Township, or Place therein mentioned is situate, and shall deliver or transmit such Returns, together with a true and perfect List of the Names of the Overseers of every Parish, Township and Place, and of the Householders aforesaid, to whom such Schedule shall have been delivered as aforesaid, to the several Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks for the Jurisdiction in which the said Justices are authorized to act, at their respective Offices, on or before the Eighth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and one.

who shall indoi fe the Returns [&r Schedule, No. 4*] and transmit them to the Clerks of the Peace, &c. by 8th May 1801* '

dule No. 1. and cause Notice thereof

Schedule,

No. 2.] to be given to them and the High Constables j

and the Overseers, &c. shall then deliver Returns upon Oath,

justices shall receive the Answers and Returns, and admin ifter the Oath $ and if requisite examine the Overseers, &c. upon Oath f&e Schedule, No. 3.]; and may adjourn their Meetings hot lattr than the 30th of April 1801; and shall then deliver tke Anf-. wers and Re-'tvms to the High Constables;

Ministers in England shall transmit an Answer to Questione Sc 5, in Schedule,

No. x. before

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Rector, Vicar, Curate, or other Officiating Minister of every Parish, Township, or Place, (Extra-parochial or otherwise,) in England, including Free Chapels Donatives, and Peculiars, to whom such Schedule shall have been delivered as aforesaid, shall forthwith prepare an Answer or Return to the fourth and fifth Questions in the said Schedule set forth, and shall, on or before the thirtieth Day of April one thousand eight hundred and one, duly transmit to the Bishop, within the Limits of whose Dioqefe the said Parish, Township, or Place, is situate, which said Bishop< shall, on

Pthe3B*sho 0,> or before eighth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and one, transmit the same to the Archbishops of the Diocese: respective Provinces, and thereupon the said Archbishops shall, on or before the fifteenth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and one, cause the same to be laid before his Majesty's most Honourable

Privy Council, who shall cause an Abstract thereof to be prepared and laid before both Houses of Parliament, within six Weeks after the said fifteenth Day of May, or if Parliament shall not then be fitting, within Archbishop3 fourteen Days of the Session next ensuing.

to be laid before the Privy Council before the 15th May; and an Abstract thereof shall be laid before Parliament.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ the Sheriff Deputes and Stewart Deputes, in their respective Counties and Stewartries, shall appoint a Time and Place, or Times and Places, (which shall be on or before the tenth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, if Circumstances will permit, and not later than the thirtieth Day of April one thousand eight hundred and one,) for the Justices of the Peace within their respective Counties or Stewartries to hold a Meeting or Meetings within their ordinary Limits and Jurisdictions; and that the said Sheriff Deputes and Stewart Deputes, along with the Justices, any two or more being a Quorum, shall nominate and appoint the Schoolmaster, or other fit Person or Persons in each Parish, to take an Account of the several Matters required by this Act; and the Clerks of the Peace are required to deliver the said Schedule to the Schoolmaster, Person or Persons, so appointed 3 and on the said tenth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, or so soon thereafter as they conveniently can, the Schoolmaster, Person or Persons so appointed, shall proceed to take Account of the Number of Persons at that Time within the Limits of their respective Parishes, and inform themselves of the several Particulars relating to all the Matters specified in the said Schedule, by proceeding from House to House, or otherwise as they shall judge expedient, for the better Execution of this Act, and from such Information as aforesaid shall prepare an Answer or Return to all the said Questions according to the Form prescribed in the said Schedule, and shall figrf the same with their Names and ordinary Designations; and the better to enable them to make such Answers or Returns as aforesaid, they are hereby authorised and empowered to ask all such Questions of the Persons within their respective Parishes, respecting themselves and the Number and Quality of the Persons constituting their respective Families, as shall be necessary for Rating the Particulars required to be dated concerning them in the said Answers and Returns; and every such Person refusing to answer, or wilfully giving a false Answer to such Questions, or any of them, shall, for every such Refusal or false Answer, forfeit a Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom the Complaint thereof shall be made*

their respective Limits, See.

The Sheriff

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Sheriff Deputes or Stewart Deputes for Scotland\ within Deputes, *c- their respective Jurisdictions, shall appoint a Time and Place, or Times and Places, which shall not be

Who shall transmit the same, before 8th May itoi, to hia

In Scotland, the Sheriff Deputes, &c.

shall appoint Meeting* of the Justices, by March 10, 1801, and not later than April 30. Two Justices, &c. (hal appoint the School-master, &c. to take Account of the Matters required by (his Ad, to whom the Clerks of the Peace shall deliver the Schedules: and the Schoolmaster, &c. shall then take an Account of the Number of Persons within

See.

dull appoint a

8

A.D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. 15. 563

sooner than the first Day of June> nor later than the ordinary Michaelmas Meeting of the County in the ^Tmcand PIa<* Year one thousand eight hundred and one, for the Justices of the Peace to meet^ and the Schoolmaster, I Isoi" and ° Person or Persons appointed by them as aforesaid, to attend at such Meetings with the Returns and An- Michaelmas) fwers to all the Questions dated in the Schedule to this Act; and the said Sheriff Deputes and Stewart De- for the justicei putts shall cause Notice to be given to them refyedlively, for that Purpose accordingly: and the Justices to meet, and the of Peace shall at such Meeting or Meetings receive the Answers and Returns to be made as aforesaid, and Schoolmaster, administet* the Oath contained in the said Schedule to the Schoolmaster, Person or Persons appointed to make such Returns as aforesaid; and such Justices, if they fee Cause, may examine the said Schoolmaster, &c> When the* Person or Persons, upon Oath, touching any of the Matters contained in such Questions and Answers, and justices ftiail shall indorse thfe same, with the Name of the County or Stewartry, or District thereof, wherein the Parish receive the Re therein mentioned is situated, and shall transmit such Returns to the several Clerks of the Peace or Town upon Clerks, for the Jurisdiction in which the said Justices are authorised to act, on or before the twenty-fourth a"ddorsed Day of October one thousand eight hundred and one. them, shall

transmit them to the Clerks of the Peace, Sci- by October 44, 1801.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the several Accounts so taken in Writing by the Overseers and Schoolmasters, or other Persons so appointed as aforesaid, in every Parish, Township, or Place within Great Britain, for the Purpose of preparing the aforesaid Answers and Returns, shall be safely kept and preserved by the Churchwardens or Chapel wardens, in England, and by the Schoolmasters or other Persons appointed as aforesaid, in Scotland, for the Time being, of the several Parishes, Townships, or Places to which the same relate, and shall be delivered over by them to their Successors in Office respedUvdy 5 and that said Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks throughout that Part of Great Britain called England\ (halJ, on or before the fifteenth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and one, and the said Justices of the Peace in Scotland shall, on or before the tenth Day of November one thousand eight hundred and one, transmit, with all convenient Speed, such Answers and Returns a8 they shall have received in Manner aforesaid (together with a List of the Parishes, Townships, and Places within their respective Counties, Stewartries, Ridings, or Divisions, from whence no Returns have been made to them,) to the Office of his Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department; and that the same shall be digested and reduced into Order by such Officer as such Secretary of State shall appoint for the Purpose 5 and that an Abstract thereof shall he laid before both Houses of Parliament, within six Weeks after the said fifteenth Day of May and tenth Day of November respectively, or if Parliament shall not be then fitting, within the nrft fourteen Days of the Session next ensuing such Days respectively.

The Accounts taken throughout Great Britain for preparing the Answers and Returns shall be preserved by the Churchwardens, See. and delivered over to their Successors j the Clerks of the Peace, &c.

shall transmit the Anwers and Returns to the Secretary of State by 15th May 1801, in England, and 10th November in Scotland, an Abstract of which Returns shall be laid before Parliament.

X. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid and allowed for the Trouble and Expences of the several Persons employed in the Transactions aforesaid, for every Return which shall be so made' and transmitted to the Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks respectively, pursuant to the Directions aforesaid, the Sums following; videlicet, To the Clerk of the Peace or Town Clerk, for the Return which shall be made from every such PariOi, Township, or Place in Great Britain, the Sum of One Shilling; to the High Constable or other proper Officer, in England, for the like, the Sum of one Shilling and Sixpence; to the Clerks of the Justices of the Peace throughout Great Britain, for the like, the Sum of one Shilling: and that the Justices of the Peace in England, at their respective Midsummer Quarter Sessions, in the Year one thousand eight hundred and one, shall, and are hereby required to make an Order upon their respective Treasurers, to pay the same out of the Rates to be made and collected for the respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Precincts, Sokes, Franchises, Liberties, Cities, and Counties Corporate, or shall cause the same to be paid out of the Poor Rates of and for such Counties Corporate, or Places as have no County Rates; and that the Justices of the Peace in Scotland may, in like Manner order the Sheriff or Stewart of each County or Stewartry, to pay the like Fees to the Persons severally entitled to them in Scotland, which Payments they are hereby authorised to charge in their respective Accounts: And also, that the said Justices in England, at their said Midsummer Quarter Sessions, or at the ATichaelmas Quarter Sessions following, and the said Justices in Scotland, at their ordinary Michaelmas Meetings for each County or Stewartry, may and they are hereby required to allow, the Amount of any reasonable Compensation for Trouble and Expences which th*y shall be satisfied have been bjna fide and necessarily incurred in the Execution of this A by such Overseers, Householders, Parish Clerk, or Vestry Clerk in England\ and by such Schoolmaster, or other Person so appointed as aforesaid, in Scotland; and may order Payment thertdf to be made by the Receiver General of the Land Tax of and for the County, Riding, or other Place in Englatwl, or Receiver General of Scotland, (as the Case shall require,) out of any Money in his Hands, and such Receiver General shall pay the same accordingly.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, High Constable, Constable, Tithingman, Headborough, or othrr such Officer as aforesaid, and also every such Churchwarden, Chapelwarden, Sidefinan, Parish Cletk, Vestry Clerk, Overseer of the Poor, lion ( holder, Schoolmaster, or other Person'so appointed as aforesaid, making wilful Default in any of the Matters required of them respectively by this Act, shall, for every such wilful Default, forfeit a Sum not exceeding live Pounds nor less than forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom Complaint thereof shall be made.

fault

Allowance to the Persons employed for their Trouble and Expences.

Penalty on Clerks of the Peace, Constables, Churchwardens, Overseers, School-masters, See, for wilful De-from 5l. to 40*.

564 C. 15. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Penalties shall be levied by Distress and Sale; or Offenders may be imprisoned, not exceeding three Months.

Parishioners may be Witnesses.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the several Forfeitures and Penakies mflifted -by this Act shall, if not immediately paid, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace having jurisdiction where such Offender shall dwell, rendering to the said Offender the Overplus, if any, after the Charge of such Distress and Sale shall be deduced; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, then it shall be lawful for such Justice to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for a Term not exceeding three Calendar Months, unless the said Forfeiture and Charges shall be sooner paid; and the said Forfeitures, when recovered in England, shall be paid, one Half to the Informer; and the other Haft to the said respective Treasurers, to be applied in Aid of the Rates aforesaid; and any Person shall be deemed a competent Witness for the Execution of any of the Purposes of this Act, notwithstanding his paying or being liable to pay towards such Poor Rates or County Rates; and incase the said Forfeitures (halt be recovered in Scotland, they shall be paid, one Half to the Informer, and the other Half ta the Sheriff os Stewart of such County or Stewartry, wherein the said Default shall be committed*

SCHEDULE.

I.

QUESTIONS to which, by Directions of an Act passed in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain; and of tbs Increase or Diminution thereof \ written Answers-are to be returned by tneReftor, Vicar, Curate, or Officiating Minister, and Overseers of the Poor, or (in Default thereof) by some othes substantial Householder, of every Parish, Township, and Place, (including those Places also which are Extra-parochial,) in England; and by the Schoolmasters or other Persons to be appointed*under the said Act for every Parish in Scotland; signed by them respectively, and attested upon Oath or Affirmation by the said Overseers, or (in Default thereof) by such other substantial Householders as aforesaid, in England,\ and by the Schoolmasters or other such Persons as aforesaid in Scotland; for which Purpose they are to attend the Justices of the Peace, within their respective Jurisdictions, at such Times and Places as the said Justices of the Peace shall appoint, on Pain of incurring the Penalties imposed by the said Act for every wilful Default or Neglect.

1st. How many inhabited Houses are there in your Parish, Township, or Place; by how many Families are they occupied; and, how many Houses therein are Uninhabited ? ad. How many Persons (including Children of whatever Age) are there actually found within the Limits of your Parish, Township, or Place, at the Time of talcing this Account, distinguishing Males an i Fences, and exclusive of Men actually serving in his Majesty's Regular Forces or Militia, and exclusive of Seamen either in his Majesty's Service or belonging to Registered Vessels

2d. What Number of Persons in your Parish, Township, or Place, are chiefly employed in Agriculture; how many in Trade, Manufactures, or Handicraft; and, how many are not comprized iivany of the

preceding Classes?

What was the Number of Baptisms and Burials in your Parish, Township, or Place, in the several Years 1700, 1710, 1720, 1730, 1740, 1750, 1760, 1770, 1780, and each subsetjuent Year to the 31ft Day of December 1800, distinguishing Males from Females

5th. What has been thr Number of Marriages in your Parish, Township, or Place, in each Year, from the Year 1754 inclusive to the End of the Year 1800

6th. Are there any Matters which you think it necessary to remark in Explanation of your Answers toaog of the preceding Questions?

A.D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. C. 15. 565

FORM of ANSWERS by the OVERSEERS, &c. in ENGLAND,

To the Questions contained in the Schedule to an Act, intituled, An Act f taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Incrtaft

or Diminution thereof.

County, &c. Hundred, See. City, Town, &c. Parish, &c- QUESTION 1 ft. HOUSES. QUESTION id. persons, including Children of whatever Age. Total of PERSONS in Answer to Queflioo 2d. QUESTION 3d. OCCUPATIONS. TOTAL of PERSONS.

Inha- bited. By how many Families occupied. Uninha- bited. Males. Females. Persons chiefly employed in Agriculture. Pei ion* chiefly employed in Trade, Manufactures, or Handicraft. All other Persons not comprised in the Two preceding Clattes. N.B. This Column mutt correspond with the Total of Persons in Answer to Qucttion 2d.

N. Bo Jj any Family occupies Two or more Houses in different Pari/besy Townships, or Places, the Individuals belonging to such Family are to be numbered only in those Parishes,

Townships) or Places where they severally happen to be at the Time of taking the Account.

REMARKS, in Explanation of the Matters Rated in Answer *9 the preceding Question*.

1st Question.

2d Question.

3d Question.

o

o

eg

ATTESTATION orj Oath [or Affirmation) by the OVERSEERS or substantial Householders in ENGLAND.

I A.B. One of the Overseers [or a fybftantial Householder) of the Parish, Township, &c. of in the County of do swear [or affirm),

5 That the above Return contains, to the bed of my Knowledge and Belief, a full and true Answer to the Questions contained in the Schedule t6 an Act, intituled.

An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof The above-mentioned A.B. was (worn [or assumed) before us the Justices of the Peace in and for the

of

this

Day of

Ut

Ln

rQN

in

C.D. and E.F.

566 C. 15. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A. D. 1800.

FORM of ANSWERS by the CLERGYMEN in ENGLAND,

To the Questions contained 1m the Schedule to an Act, intituled, An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase

or Diminution thereof

o

County, &c. Hundred, &c. City, Town, &c. Parish, &c.

QUESTION 4th.

BAPTISMS. BURIALS. BAPTISMS. BURIALS.

Years. Males. Females. Malts. J Females. Year*. Males. Females. Males. Females.

1700 1710 1720 1730 1740 1750 1760 1770 1780 1781 1782 1783; 1784 1785 1786, ' 1 ► 1787 1788 1789 1790 1791 1792 793 *794 *795 *79<5 1797 1798 1799 1800 /

QUESTION 5th.

MARRIAGES.

Years. Number of Marriages. Years. Number of Marriages. Years. Number of Marriages.

1754 1770 1786

1755 1771 1787

1756 1772 1788

1757 1773 1789

1758 1774 1790

1759 1775 1791

1760 1776 1792

1761 1777 1793

1762 *778 *794

1763 1779 17 95

1764 1780 1796

1765 1781 1797

1766 1782 1798

1767 1783 1799

J768 1784 1800

1769 1785

REMARKS, in Explanation of the Matters Hated in Answer to the 4th and 5th Questions.

4th Question.

5th Question.

CERTIFICATE of the CLERGYMEN.

T A.B.

[Rector, Vicar, Curate, or officiating Minister,] of the Parish, Township, &V. of in the County of do certify,

That the above Return contains, *o the bell of my Knowledge and Belief, a full and true Answer to the 4th and 5th Questions contained i» the Schedule to an Act, intituled, An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereofB*

Witness C.D. One of the Orcrfeeri lor substantial Householder] of the Parish of this Day of

A.D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. C. 15. 567

'FORM of ANSWERS by the SCHOOLMASTERS, &c. in SCOTLAND,

To the QUESTIONS contained in the SCHEDULE to an Act, Intituled, An Act for taking jut Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase

or Diminution thereof.

County, &c. Hundred, kc. City, Town, &c. Parish, kc. QUESTION lft. HOUSES. QUESTION ad. PERSONS, including Children of whatever Age. Total of I PERSONS in Answer to Question ad. QUESTION 3d. i OCCUPATIONS. ! TOTAL of PERSONS.

I ^Persons chiefly I employed in [ Agriculture. Persons chiefly employed in Trade, Manufactures, or Handicraft. All other Persons nor comprized in the Two preceding Classes. N.B. Tins Column must correspond with the Total of Persons in Answer to Question 2d.

Inhabit- ed. By bow many Families occupied. Uninhabited. Males. Females.

N.B. if any Family occupies Two or more lloujes in different Parishes, CSfc. the Individuals belonging to such Family are to be numbered only in those Parishes, &c. where they severally happen to be at the

Time of taking the Account.

REMARKS, in Explanation of the Matters stated in Answer to the preceding Question*.

xft Question. ad Question.

Question.

ANSWERS to the Fourth and Fifth QUESTIONS.

BAPTISMS. BURIALS. Years. BAPTISMS. burials. MARRIAGES.

Years. - Males. Female*. Males. Females. Males. Females. Males. Females. Years Number of Marriages. Years. Number of ‘ Marriages. Years. Number of Marriages.

1700 1710 i7»o 1730 1740 1750 1760 l?7‘i 1780 1781 178a 1783 1784 *7*5 ,786 1787 178S 1789 1790 173* 179a *793 1794 1795 1796 1797 1798 1799 1800 *754 ' >755 *7 5* *757 1758 *759 1760 1761 176a > 763 1-64 1^5 1766 1767 i 768 7^9 1770 177* J77* *773 *774 *775 1776 1777 1778 >779 1780 1781 1782 1783 *7H 1785 1:86 1787 1788 17S9 1790 179* *794 ,791 17 9 + *795 1796 1797 I7v8. >799 l80U ]

REMARKS, in Explanation of the Matters Rated in Answer to the Fourth and Fi.th Questions 4th Question. }| 5th question.

Certificate of t be Clergymen.

A.B. Minister of the Gospel of the Parish, &V. of in the County of do

certify, That the above Return contains, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, a full and true Answer to the 4th and 5th Questions contained in the Schedule to an Act, imiruled, An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof.

4 A B

Witness C.D. Schoolmaster. &V.1 of the said ParUh, &c. of thi*

B®y of

Attcjlation on Oaib by the Schoolmaster, &c. in Scotland.

I, [Schoolmaster, &V.] of the Parish, &c. of in the County of do swear,

That the above Return contains, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, a full and true Answer to the Questions contained in the Schedule to an Act, intituled, An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof.

The above-mentioned was sworn before us, the Justices of the Peace in and for the of thil Day of

C.D. tad E. F.

568 C. 15, 16. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

II.

FORM of the PRECEPT for giving Notice to High Constables, Overseers, and Householders, in England, of the Time and Place appointed by Justices of the Peace for taking the Answeisand Returns under this Act.

The? &cUnty, 1 l^e Corjlable) [Tythingman, or Headborough,] of to wit. 3 tn the said County.

YOU are hereby required, with all convenient Speed, to give or cause to be given Notice to the High Constable of the Hundred of. and to the Overseers of the Poor of every Parish, Township, or Place within the said Hundred; and if there is no Overseer therein, then tolbme substantial House-holder therein; that they are severally required to appear at on the

Day of next, at the Hour of in the Forenoon, before such of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace as shall be then and there assembled, and that the said Overseers or Houft holders as aforesaid, or some one of them, for every such Parish, Township, or Place, are then and there to deliver upon Oath or Affirmation, a just and true Accounr, in Writing, signed by themselves, containing an Answer to the several Questions propounded in the Schedule to an Act, intituled, An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain# and of the Increase or Diminution thereof.

Given under my Hand [<?rour Hands] this Day of. in the Year one thousand eight hundred and one.

III.

FORM of the OATH or AFFIRMATION to the Return.

YOU shall swear (or affirm) that the Answers and Return now made by you to the several Questions contained in the Schedule annexed to an Act, intituled, An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof is a full and true Answer to the said Questions, to the best of your Knowledge and Belief.

IV.

FORM of INDORSEMENT by the High Constables in England, and by the Justices of the Peace in Scotland.

County [or Stewartry] of

Riding, Division, or District thereof (if any)

Hundred, Rape, Wapentake, Lathe, Precinct, Soke, Franchise, or Liberty, of City, Borough, Town, or County Corporate, of Parrfli, Township, Jifc. of

[>«; 41 Geo. 5.

Sess. a. 1. by xuhich this Act is w /art Juffend* id: and c Z. hi -ud'uh it is tvhvljy repealed ] [ ;6 Geo. 3.

C. ii J

Vi cm January 17, iSo», in London, or wit) in forty Tv'iIts thereof, and from January 24, in every other Part of Great Britain, to *teal ss.ali liP drcir.d fintr ll.an through certain W.re Machines or C'lorti*, on Penalty from

CAP. XVI.

An Act to prevent, until the sixth Day of November one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the End of six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, the manufacturing of any Fine Flour from Wheat, or other Grain, and the making of any Bread solely from the Fine Flour of Wheat; and to repeal an Act passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty *, for permitting Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread, and to make more effectual Provision for the same.

[31st December 1800.]

WHEREAS there is just Ground to expect that the Supply of good and wholesome Bread will be materially augmented, and the Price thereof reduced, by preventing the Consumption of Bread made from Fine Flour:’ Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and vriih the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled. and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the seventeenth Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, in the City of London, or within forty Miles thereof, and from and after the twenty-fourth Day of January me thousand eight hundred and one, in every other Part of Grid Britain, no Meal, the Produce c f Wheat or any other Grain, shall be dressed, bolted, or manufactured into any finer Description of Meal or Flour than such as shall be the Produce of such Wheat or Grain, dressed, bolted, or manufactured by or through Wire Machines, constructed with not more than thirteen Wires, of the usual and known Size, Weight, and Thickness, on each Side of a Square Inch, or Cloths cot respondirg to such Wire Machines, and now usually called and known as eight ShiPings and Sixpence Seamed Cloths, or Patent Cloths denominated Number Two, or by whatever other Denomination, either js to Number or Price, any Cloths corresponding to such Wire Machines, in regard to Flour to bedreitd thereby, may be hereafter known; and if any Miller or other Person shall, within the Tifr.e herein limited, dref?, bolt, or manufacture any Meal from Wheat or other Grain, into any finer Defection of Meal or Flour than such as is herein-before described, otherwise than through such Wires or Cloths as afere-said, every such Miller or other Person shall forfeit, for every Bu&el of Meal or Flour dressed, bolted, or

A.D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. C. 16. 569

manufactured, contrary to this Act, a Sum not exceeding five Pounds nor less than ten Shillings for every 5J-"> J03- P* such Bushel, and so in proportion for every smaller Quantity. iufl,a

II. And be it further enacted, That no Miller or other Persons shall, from and after the said seventeenth Day Nor Anil < ny of January one thousand eight hundred and one, in the said City of London, or witlvin forty Miles thereof, Machine or from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one in any other

Part of Great Britain, use, for the Purpose of dressing any Meal the Produce of Ground Wheat or Grain Meflj 0i a»y into any Kind of Flour, any Wire or other Machine or Cloth of any finer Construction or Description finer Coniiruc-than herein after mentioned, (that is to say^) than Wire Machines constructed with not more than thirteen *ion than hwwn Wires, of the usual and known Size and Thickness, on each Side of a Square inch, and so after that Rate menuoned, nn for any Number of Inches of which such Machines shall be constructed, and Cloths corresponding to such 0,4 lwo

last mentioned Wire Machines, and now usually called or known as eight Shillings and Sixpence Seamed Cloths or Patent Cloths denominated Number Two9 or by whatever Denomination or Description, either as to Number or Price, any Cloths corresponding to such hft-mentioned Wire Machines, in regard to Flour to be dressed thereby, may be hereafter known; and if any Miller or other Person shall use or cause to be used, or knowingly permit or suffer to be used, any Machine or Cloth of any finer Description or Construction than such as are herein-before described, for the dressing, bolting, or manufacturing^any Meal or Flour produced from Wheat, every such Miller or other Person so using such Machine or Cloth, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of January one thousand From January

eight hundred and one, in the City of London, or within forty Miles thereof, and from and after the

thirty-first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one in any other Part of Great Britain, no w? or

Meal or Flour of any finer Sort or Description than the Meal or Flour allowed to be dressed and fiourrtiaiibe manufactured under this Act, shall be sold or exposed to Sale by any Person whatever (other than and cx- sold (except cept Flour that shall have been or shall be imported into this Country, and which shall be sold in the nour imported Barrels in which the same shall be imported) 5 and if any Person or Persons shall offend herein, he, she, or J1 they shall forfeit, for every Bulbel of Meal or Flour To sold contrary to this Act, a Sum not exceeding njVy from d. five Pounds nor lc(s than ten Shillings for every such Bulbel, and so in proportion for every ftnaller toioi -ter*' Quantity. Buihci.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the thirty-first Day of January one thousand eight From January hundred and one in the City of London or within forty Miles thereof, and from and after the seventh

Day of February one thousand eight hundred and one in any other Part of Great Britain^ no Person or rively, 00 Per- Persons shall bake, or make for private Use or for Sale, or shall sell or expose to Sale, any Bread made from son fhalibake > any Wheaten Meal or Flour unmixed, of any finer Sort or Description than the Flour allowed to be for private Ufr, dressed and manufactured under this Act; and if any Person or Persons shall offend herein, he, she, or they *.for

shall forfeit, for every Peck Loaf of Bread so baked, made, or sold, or exposed to Sale, contrary to the Provisions herein contained, a Sum not exceeding five Pounds nor less than ten Shillings, and so in proportion for Flour, on Pr-, every (mailer Quantity. r \

to tos. fer Peck Loaf.

V. And be it further enacted, That* from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of January one thousand From January eight hundred and one, it shall be lawful for the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of Lon- dM1*the don, or for the Lord Mayor for the Time being, and they are hereby required, and from and after the Aldermen, said twenty-fourth Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, within forty Miles of the City of and from that' London, and from and after the thirty-first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, in every Date within other Part of Great Britain, it shall be lawful for any Court, or Person or Persons authorised to set any forty Miles of Assize or Price of Wheaten Bread, to set, ascertain, and appoint, when and so often as they shall from Time to Time think proper, the Price of all the Wheaten Bread made of the finest Sort or Description of inJevery Wheaten Flour, allowed by this Act to be dressed and manufactured, and upon no other Sort or Descrip- other Place, tion of Bread, whether Wheaten or made from other Grain mixed or* unmixed, which shall be made for any Court or Sale, or exposed to Sale, in any Place or Places or District within their Jurisdiction; and that every such Price *u^orized Per-shall be calculated and set from the Tables in the Schedule, according to the Rules and Directions to those the '

Tables annexed, from the Average Price of the finest Sort or Description of Wheaten Flour allowed by this anest wheaten Act to be manufactured. u. ead a lowed,

to be made and on no other, according to the Rules in the Schedule.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth and thirty-first Days of January when the respectively, when any Price of Wheaten Bread of the finest Sort or Description of Flour allowed to be Pri""fo^t», dressed and manufactured porfuant to this Act, shall be ascertained and set in any City, Borough, Town, anyBr^d T Place, or District of any Cotmty, Riding, Shire, or Stewartry, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, no at a higher I Person or Persons shall there make for Sale, or fell, or expose to Sale, any other Sort or Description of Bread, Price, on Pe-, whether Wheaten Bread, or Bread made of the Produce of Wheat mixed with the Meal or Flour of any nalx>’fronl sL other Corn, Grain, or Puise, at a higher Rate for any Peck, Half Peck, Quartern, or Half Quartern Loaf of !° *os *rr 7 any such other Bread, than shall be set as the Price of the Wheaten Bread of such finest Sort and Description 03 *'

as aforesaid 5 and if any Person or Persons shall offend herein, he, she, or they shall forfeit for every Loaf sold '

contrary to the Provisions herein-before contained, a Sum not exceeding five Pounds nor less than ten

Shillings, and so in proportion for any (mailer Quantity.

VII. And be it further enacted, That after the twenty-fourth and thirty-first Days of January respect And where the J lively* although no Assize or Price of Wheaten Bread of the finest Sort or Description of Flour allowed *’rip*

41 Geo. III. ~ 4D by no Person fl»H

5.7°

ftU any fthfr Sort ot bread at any higrher Price than the Wheaten of c lirrfi Sort allowed shall sell for, on like Penalty for every Peck Loa*.

After pnffing this Act. any Person may make and sell Loaves made of the whole Produce of the Wheat or mixed with Barley, &c. provided the Price shall not exceed that of the Wheaten Bread upon which a Price &a!i be fct*

Persons making Wheaten Bread

of an inferior Quality, or mixed, shall mark the same.

Penalty for not marking ibeb. Bread, or nbt well puking or adulte-fating.Bread,

r making loaves deficient ia

Weighs.

Powers or Acts in force relating to making Ptfoms of Meal, setting an Assize, weighing Bread or searching for adulterating Ingredients, to

56 Geo. 3. c. aa. repealed.

The Lord Mayor, any Alderman of the City, and any Justice ..Within their respective Jurisdictions, may determine in a summMfy W.y, Offences against this Act; and if Penahic* be not paid) may grant Warrants for levying the m

570 C. 16. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

by this Act to be dressed or manufactured, shall be ascertained or set in any Gty, Borough, Town, or Place, or District, of any County, Riding, Shire, or Stewartry, no Person shall make for Sale, or sell or expose to Sale, any other Sort or Description of Bread, whether Wheaten or mixed, at any higher Price, or at any higher Rate per Pound, or for any other Quantity, than the Wheaten Bread of the finest Sort or Description aforesaid shall at the same Time fell for in the same Place, in which (or where no such Bread shall be sold in the (jmne Place, then in the nearest adjoining Place to the Place in which) any Kind of Bread of such other Quality shall be made for Sale, or fold, or exposed to Sale; and if any Penon or Persons shall offend therein, he, she, or they shall forfeit, for every Peck Loaf sold contrary to the Provisions herein before contained, a Sum not exceeding five Pounds nor less than ten Shillings, and foin proportion for every smaller Quantity.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whatever, in any Place whatever, and whether any Assize or Price of Bread shall be set in such Place or not, to make, bake, fell, and expose to Sale, Peck Loaves, Half Peck Loaves, Quartern Loaves, and Half Quartern Loaves, made of Wheaten Meal or Flour of the whole Produce of the Wheat,

or with the Bran only, or the Bran and Pollards, or any Proportion of the Bran and Pollards, of any other Part of the Produce of such Wheat, taken therefrom, or made of any Sort of Wheaten Meal or Flour mixed with the Meal or flour of Barley, Rye, Oats, Buck Wheat, Indian Corn, Pease, Beans, Rice, or any other Corn, Grain, or Pulse whatever, or with Potatoes, in such Proportions as he, she, or they shall deem proper, and at any Price at which any Person may be willing to purchase the same; provided that such Price shall not in any Case exceed the Price of the Wheaten Bread upon which an Assize or Price shall be set in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament, or this Act, in the Place where such other Wheaten or mixed Bread shall be made or fold, or exposed to Sale, under this Act as aforesaid j any Act or Acts, or Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall make or bake any such Wheaten Bread made of any Meal or Flour of an inferior Quality to the finest Sort or Description of Flour allowed by this Act to be manufact[^u]red, or mixed Bread, shall imprint and disttnftly mark upon every Loaf of such last mentioned Wheaten Bread, a large Roman H. and upon every Loaf of such mixed Bread a large Roman M.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall omit to imprint or disttnftly mark any such Wheaten or mixed Bread, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, or shall not well make any such Wheaten or mixed Bread, or any Bread made in pursuance of this Act, or shall adulterate the same with any Mixture or Ingredient not allowed to be used in the making of Bread, or shall make or bake for Sale, or sell or expose to Sale any such Peck Loaves, Half Peck Loaves, Quartern Loaves, or Half Quartern Loaves, or any other Loaves, deficient in Weight, according to the Assize of Loaves of such Denominations, respectively contained in any Act or Acts in force relating to the Assize and Price of Bread* or according to any Assize that shall be set in pursuance of any such Act or Acts; all and every Person and Person* offending therein, shall be liable to the same or the like Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Punishment, as any Bakers or Makers of Bread for Sale are liable to for any the like or similar Misdemeanora, Offences, or Nc-glefts, in making, felling, or exposing to or for Sale, any Bread.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Clauses, Matters, and Things, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in any Act or Acts now in tore* contained, relating to the making any Returns of Meal and Flour, and to (etting and ascertaining any Assize or Price of Bread, and also to the weighing any Bread made for Sale or exposed 16 Sate, or searching for any Ingredient wherewith any Meal, Flour, or Bread may be adulterated, that are not altered or repealed

or contrary to, the Provisions of this Act, shall be, and are hereby extended and made applicable to, and shall be applied in the enforcing of the Provisions of this Act, in as full and ample a Manner as if the same had been severally and separately re-enacted in this Act.

extend to tbl* Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to permit Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

XIII. And, for the better and more easy Recovery of the several Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred by Disobedience to this Act, and the Powers herein contained, and disposing of the Money which shall be forfeited by Breach or Non-observance of any Part of this Act Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Mayor of the City of London for the Time being, or any Aldermen of the said City, within the said City or Liberties thereof, and to and for any other of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace or Magistrates, or any one of them, within theif respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Towns Corporate, Boroughs, Liberties, or Jurisdictions,(jo hear and determine, in a summary Way, all Offences committed against the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and for that Purpose to summon before them, or any of them, within their respective Jurisdictions, any Party or Parties accused of being an Offender or Offenders against the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and in case the Party accused shall not appear on such Summons, or offer some reasonable Excuse for his Default* then, upon Oath by any credible Witness ofiny Offence committed contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, any such Magistrate or Magistrates Justice or Justice^ shall issue his or their Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Offender or Offenders within the Jurisdiction of any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices \ and upon the Appearance

A.D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. C. 16. 571

by

ai-d or \\ ti l thereof m.« i commit li.c OtfcnUuj.

of the Party or Parties accused, or in case he, she, or they shall not appear, on Notice being given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place of Abode, or if he, she, or mey cannot be apprehended on a Warrant, granted against him, her, or them as herein-before is directed, then and in *ny such Case, any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is and are hereby authorize and required to proceed to make Enquiry, touching the Matters complained of, and to examine any Witness or Witnesses, who shall be offered on either Siae, on Oath as aforesaid, and which every such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is and are hereby authorised, empowered, and required to administer; and after hearing of the Parties who shall appear, and the Witnesses who shall be offered on either Si e, such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall convict or acquit the Party or Parties Ecci fed; and if the Penalty or Money forfeited on any such Conviction shall not be paid within the Space of twenty-four Hours after any such Conviction, every such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall thereupon issue a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, respectively, directed to any Peace Officer or Officers within their respective Jurisdictions, empowering him or them to make Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders; and if any Offender shall convey away his Goods out of the Jurisdiction of any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom he was convicted, or so much thereof that the Penalty cannot be levied, then fdme Magistrate or

Justice within whose Jurisdiction the Offender fhMl have removed his Goods, shall back the Warrant granted y any such Magistrate or Justice, Magistrates or Justices, and thereupon the Penalty forfeited shall be levied on the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Distress and Sale thereof; and if within five Days froYn the Distress being taken the Money forfeited shall nof be paid, the Goods seized shall be apprailld and fold, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting the Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Costs and Charges of the Prosecution, Distress and Sale, to the Owner; which Charges shall be ascertained by the "Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall have b£en so convicted, or by the Magistrate or Justice who backed the Warrant, if either of them shall continue aliv£, and if not, by some other Magistrate or Justice of the County, Riding, Division, City, or Place, in which the Offender shall have been convicted; and for Want of such Distress, then every such Magistrate? or Justice Svithin., whose respective Jurisdiction any such Offender or Offenders shall re tide or be, shall, on the Application of any Prosecutor or Prosecutors, and Proof made of the Conviction and Non-payment of the Penalty and Charges by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, commit every such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the City or County, Riding, Division, or Place, where' such Offender or Offenders shall be found, there to remain for the Space of one Calendar Month from the Time of such Commitment, unless, after such Commitment, Payment shall be made of the said Penalty or Forfeiture, Costs and Charges, before the Expiration of the said one Calendar Month; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if it shall be made out by the Oath of any credible Person or Persons, to the Satisfaction of any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, that any one within the Jurisdiction of any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is likely to give or offer material Evidence on behalf of the Prosecutor of any Offender or Offenders against the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or on behalf of the Person or Persons accused, and will not voluntarily

appear before such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, to be examined, and give his, her, or their Evidence concerning the PremUes, every such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is and be examined are hereby authorised and required to issue his or their Summons to convene every such Witness and Wit- jjpon nesses before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, at such seasonable Time as in such Summons shall be fixed; and if any Person so summoned shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time by t’0U$>rce ' such Summons appointed, and no just Excuse shall be offered for such Neglect or Refusal, then (after Proof Days, by Oath of such Summons having been duly served upon the Party or Parties so summoned) every such Magistrate and Magistrates, Justice and Justices, is and are hereby authorised and required to issue his. or their Warrant, under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to bring every such Witness or Witnesses before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices; and on the Appearance of any such Witness before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, every such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is and are hereby authorised and empowered to examine upon Oath every such

Witness; and if any such Witness on his or her Appearance, or on being brought before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall refuse to be examined upon Oath concerning the Premises*

without offering any just Excuse for such Refusal, any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, within the Limits of his or their Jurisdiction, may, by Warrant under his vHand and Seal, or their Hfcnds and Seals, commit any Person or Persons so refufirg to be examined, to the" publick Prison of the County,

Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, in which the Person or Persons so refusing to be examined shall, be, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Fourteen Days nor less than three Days, as any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall direct.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom ConviflJonitto any Person shall be convicted in manner prescribed by this Act, shall cause such respective Convictiow to be dra*n drawn up in the Form or to the Effect following^ (that is to say,)

'BE it remembered. That on this Day of in the

to wit. > Year of the Reign of # A B. is convicted

before Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of

{er% 'for the;, Riding or Division of the said County of/ for the? City,

‘Liberty, 1.

I'jSt 4

Penalties (hsU bo paid to Che Informer.:

Witnesses net appearing upon Summons may be brought before a Magistrate by Warrant, and refusing to

572 C. 16. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

ard shall not fcc removed.

Appeal may be mad? to the General or Quarter Sessions* r.nd the Matter finally determined* thew.

IfConnAlons be made within six Days before fnv Sessions, the Parties may appe (1 either to that or the next following sessions.

Limitation of Actions against Magistrates or Peace Officers* lax Months*

*4 Geo. 2. c 44. extended

to Magistrates athng under this Act.

No Action fh.dl be commenced Against any Pence Officei until <evrn l>ayh alter Notice, who may within that Time tender Amends, and If not accep;ed rnny ple.d the 'lender with the General Issue, and if found sufficient.

Liberty, or Town of as the Case shall happen to bc\ for and dfr

adjudge him, [her or them] to pay and forfeit for the same the Sum of

Given under the Day and Year aforesaid/

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Certiorari, Letters of Advocation of of Suspension, shall be granted, to remove any Conviction or other Proceedings had thereon in pursuance of this Act.

XVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person convicted of any Offence punishable by this Act, shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom he, she, or they shall have been convicted, such Person shall have Liberty from Time to Time to appeal to the Justices at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place where such Judgment shall have been given, and that the Execution of the said Judgment shall in such Cases be suspended, the Person so convicted entering into a Recognizance, at the Time of such Conviction, with two sufficient Sureties, in double the Sum which such Person shall have been adjudged to pay or forfeit* upon Condition so prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and to be forthcoming to abide the Judgment and Determination of the Justices at their said next General or General Quarter Sessions; which Recognizance the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Conviction shall be had, is and are hereby empowered and required to take; and the Justices in the said General or General Quarter Sessions, are hereby authorised and required to hear and finally determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to award such Costs as to them shall appear just and reasonable to be paid by either Party; and if, upon hearing the said Appeal, the Judgment of the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom the Appellant or Appellants shall have been convicted, shall be affirmed, such Appellant or Appellants shall immediately pay down the Sum he, she, or they shall have been adjudged to forfeit, together with sech Costs as the Justices in their said General or General Quarter Sessions shall award to be paid to the Prosecutor or Informer, for defraying the Expences sustained by reason of any such Appeal; and in default of the Appellant’s paying the same, any two such Justices, or any one such Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, having. Jurisdiction in the Place into which any such Appellant or Appellants shall escape, or where he, she, or they shall reside, shall and may, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, or his Hand and Seal, commit every such Appellant and Appellants to the Common Gaol of the County, City, Riding, Division, Toan, or Place, where he, she, or they shall be apprehended, until he, she, or they shall make Payment of such Penalty and of the Costs and Charges which shall be adjudged on the Conviction, to the Informer; but if the Appellant or Appellants in any such Appeal shall make good his, her, or their Appeal, and be discharged of the said Conviction, reasonable Costs shall be awarded to the Appellant or Appellants against such Informer or Informers, who would (in case of such Conviction) have been entitled to the Penalty to have been recovered as aforesaid; and which Costs shall 3nd may be recovered by the Appellant or Appellants against any such Informer or Informers, in like Manfier as Costs given at any General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace are recoverable.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any such Conviction shall happen to be made within] six Days before any General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town Corporate, Borough, or Place, where such Conviction shall have been made, then the Party or Parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any such Conviction, shall and may* on entering into a Recognizance, in manner and for the Purposes before directed, be at Liberty to appeal either to the then next or the next following General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for any such County* Riding, Division, Cky, Town Corporate, Borough, Liberty, or Place, where any such Conviction shall have been made.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Action or Suit which shall be brought or commenced against any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, or any Peace Officer or Officers, for any Matter or Thing done or committed by virtue of or under this Act, shall be commenced within six Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the County, City, or Place where the Matter in dispute shall arise, and not elsewhere; and that the Statute made in the twenty-fourth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the rendering Justicea of the Peace more safe in the Execution of their Office and/or indemnifying Constables, and others acting in obedience to their Warrants* so far as the said Act relates to the rendering the Justices more safe in the Execution of their Office, shall extend and construed to extend to the Magistrate and Magistrates, Justice and Justices of the Peace, acting under the Authority and in pursuance of this Act-, and that no Action or Suit shall be had or commenced against, nor shall any Writ be sued out, or Copy of any Writ be served* upon any Peace Officer or Officers, for any Thing done in the Execution of this Act, until seven Days after a Notice in Writing shall have been given to or left for him or them, at his or their usual Place of Abode, by the Attorney for the Party intending to commence such Action; which Notice in Writing shall contain the Name and Place of Abode of the Person intending to bring such Action, and also of his Attorney, and likewise the cause of Action or Complaint; and any Peaee Officer or Officers shall be at Liberty, and may by virtue of this Act, at any Time within seven Days after any such-Notice shall have been given to or left for him, tender or cause to be tendered any Sum or Sums of Money, as Amends for the Injury complained of, to the Party complaining, or to the Attorney named in any such Notice; and if the same is not accepted of, the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Actions may plead such Tender in Bar of such Action or Actions, together with the General Issue, or any other Plea, with Leave of the Court in which the Action shall be commenced; and if upon Issue joined on such Tender the Jury shall

A.D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. C. 16. 573

find the Amends tendered to have been sufficient, they shall find a Verdi# for the Defendant or Defendants; and in every such Case, Or if the Plaintiff shall become Nonsuit, or discontinue his Action, or if Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants upon Demurrer, or if any Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited by this Act for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in any such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and the Defendant or Defendants shall be entitled to his or their Costs; but if the Jury shall find that no such Tender was made, or that the Amends tendered were not sufficient, or shall find against the Defendant or Defendants, on any Plea or Pleas by him or them pleaded, they shall then give a Verdi# for the Plaintiff, and such Damages as they shall think proper, and the Plaintiff shall thereupon recover his Costs against every such Defendant and Defendants.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act;, and if it shall appear so to have been done, or if a Verdi# shall be recorded for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon a Verdi# or Demurrer against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law, for Recovery of his, her, or their Costs.

XXI. Provided always, That no Person shall be convicted in manner aforesaid, for any of the before-snendoned Offences, unless the Prosecution hv order to such Conviction be commenced.within fourteen Days next after the Offence committed.

a Verdict shall be found for the Defendant, or if the Plaintiff become njn*suit, &c.

If the Jury find for the Plaintiff, they shall give a Verdict for Damages. Defendants may plead the General Issue*.

[Treble Costs.]

Prosecutions for Offences shall be commenced within fourteen Days.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed and infli#ed. Application of shall go and be distributed in manner following, (that is to say,) when any Offender or Offenders shall be Penalties. convi#ed, either by his, her, or their own Confeffxon, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, such Penalty or Forfeiture shall go and be paid to the Person or Persons who shall inform against

and prosecute to Conviction any such Offender or Offenders, and all Penalties and Forfeitures which shall arise or be incurred by reason of any Search, Trial, or Seizure^ made in pursuance of any of the Powers and Provisions of this Act, by any Magistrate or Magistrates* Justice or Justices, shall go and be applied to or for the Use of the Poor of the Parish wherein such Offence shall be committed, or the Party convicted, in such Manner as any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, within his or their Jurisdiction, shall from Time to Time think fit.

---

[Continuance of Act.]

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the sixth Day of November one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the End of six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament.

574 C. 16. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

---

THE PRICE TABLE. - THE ASSIZE TABLE.

When the Average! Price of Flour j

BREAD.

BREAD.

1$ returned lAdd Ur.king

from lie

l is, $d.

Market at per Sack.

[Vice of Peck 1 Loaf To Weigh ijlb, 6c-. Price of 4aJt peck Loaf To weigh lib. He*. Price of Quartern Loaf To weigh \lb, 5 ox, 8 dr. Price of j Halt Quar- j ttrn Loaf J To weigh j l lb. lots. 11 dr} 1 The P<.nny ' Loaf To wcigl The rwo-penny Loaf To weigh The Three-penny Loaf To Weigh The Six-penny Loaf To weigh. The Twelve-penny Loaf j 7‘a weigh The Ei§hieen- jent y leaf To zen-h 1

Per Sack. 1 Total Price*’ ind H,'iking; ptr Sack, [j

s. (L s. d S» d. 5, S. d. /. d. ! oz. dr, ’b, oz. dr. !b* oz. dr. <b. 02. r/r. lb. 02:. </r. lb. 52. Jr,

25 0 36 8 1 10 1 O 1 1 O S'* O 2\- t 12 10 1 9 4 2 5 f4 4 11 n 9 7 10 l4 3 7

26 8 3* 4 j 1 11 O 11 i O si O *i 1 12 1 1 8 2 2 4 4 4 8 8 9 1 0 *3 9 9

28 4 40 0 1 7 0 1 0 O 6 O 3 1 11 9 1 7 2 2 2 12 4 5 8 11 0 13 0 8

30 0 4‘ 8 1 2 1 1 or O 61 O 31 11 1 1 6 3 2 5 4 2 11 8 5 7 12 8 l

31 8 43 4; t 2 1 1 O 61 O 3* 10 11 1 5 6 2 0 1 4 0 2 8 0 4 12 0 7

33 4 4 s 0 2 3 1 It O 6* O 3* 10 4 4 9 1 14 14 3 13 12 7 11 8 ti 9 5

35 0 46 8 2 4 1 2 O 7, O 3* 9 >4 1 3 l3 1 13 12 3 11 9 7 7 2 11 2 11

36 8 48 4 ! 2 5 1 O 7l O si; 9 9 1 3 2 1 12 12 3 9 8 7 3 0 10 12 8

33 4 5° 0 1 2 6 3 O 7* O 3* 1 9 4 1 2 8 1 11 12 3 7 9 6 15 3 10 6 12

40 0 S1 8 2 7 1 3l 0 7f O 3 i 8 ,5 1 14 10 14 3 5 *2 6 11 9 10 i 6

4l. 8 51 4 2 8 1 4 0 8 O +: 8 11 f 1 6! 1 10 1 3 4 2 6 8 4 9 1 i 6

43 4 55 0 2 9 1 4* 0 8} O 4 i \ 8 6 1 0 *3 ( 9 4 3 2 8 $ s 1 9 7 JO

45 0 5^ 8 2 10 1 5, 0 8i O 4 i i 8 2 1 0 5 1 8 8 3 1 0 6 2 1 9 3 2

46 8 5« 4 2 H 0 H O 4i 7 15 0 15 H 1 7 15 15 lo 5 15 5 8 1415

48 4 60 0 3 0 1 6 0 9 O 4* 1 7 n 0 *5 7 ( 7 2 2 *4 5 5 i2 10 8no

50 0 6l 8 3 1 1 6v 0 9i O 4i; 7 8 0 15 0 1 6 8 2 13 1 5 10 2 8 7 3

51 8 63 4 3 2 1 7 0 9i 0 4* 1 7 5 0 14 10 1 5 15 2 11 14 5 7 12 8 3 10

53 4 65 0 3 3 1 7i 0 9i O 4i 7 2 0 14 4 1 5 6 2 10 12 5 5 8 8 0 4

55 0 66 8 3 4 1 8 0 10 O S 6 15 0 13 H 1 4 *3 2 9 11 5 3 6 7 *3 1

56 8 68 4 3 5 1 8| 0 loj O Si 6 12 0 13 8 1 4 5 2 8 10 5 1 5 7 10 0

58 4 70 0 3 6 1 9 0 lot O si 6 9 0 13 3 K 3 *3 2 7 11 4 15 6 7 7 2

60 0 71 S 3 7 1 9* 0 io| <0 si 6 7 0 12 14 1 3 6 2 6 12 4 *3 9 7 4 5

61 8 73 4 3 8 1 10 0 11 O. S* 6 5 0 12 10 1 2 15 2 s 14 4 " 13 7 1 11

63 4 75 0 3 9 1 10! 0 111 O Si 6 2 0 12 5 1 2 8 2 5 1 4 10 2 6 >S 3

65 0 76 8 3 10 1 11 0 lit O si 6 0 0 12 1 1 2 2 2 4 4 4 8 8 6 it n

66 8 78 4 1 3 11 1 ui 0 11* O si 5 *4 0 11 *3 1 1 II 2 3 7 4 6 15 6 10 7

68 4 80 0 4 0 2 0 1 0 O 6 5 12 0 11 9 1 1 6 2 2 12 4 5 8 6 8 4

70 0 81 8 1 4 1 2 ol 1 ol O 6J 5 10 0 ii 5 1 1 0 2 2 0 4 4 1 6 6 1

7* 8 83 4 j 4 2 2 1 1 oi O 6J S 8 0 11 1 1 0 10 2 1 5 4 2 11 6 4 1

73 4 85 0 4 3 2 It 1 ol O ft 5 7 0 10 *4 1 0 5 2 0 11 4 6 6 t

75 0 86 8 4 4 2 2 1 1 O 61 5 5 0 10 11 1 0 0 2 0 1 4 0 2 6 0 3

76 8 88 4 4 5 2 2i 1 li O 61 5 3 0 10 7 O 15 11 'S 7 J * »s S >4 6

78 4 90 0 4 6 2 3 1 li O 61 S 2 b 10 4 O >5 7 14 i4 3 13 12 5 12 10

80 0 91 8 4 7 2 3* 1 1} O 6i 5 0 P 10 1 O *5 2 x4 5 3 1* 10 5 10 ‘5

8r 8 93 4 4 8 2 4 1 2 0 7 4 f5 0 9 H O 14 14 13 12 3 «i 9 5 9 5

4 95 0 4 9 2 4s 1 2l 0 7i 4 14 0 9 12 O 14 10 *3 4 3 10 8 S 7 11

*5 0 96 8 4 10 2 5, 1 2i 0 7i 4 12 0 9 9 O 14 6 12 12 3 9 8 S 6 4

86 8 98 4 4 11 2 5? 1 2} 0 7i 4 11 0 9 6 O 14 2 12 4 3 8 8 S 4 *3

88 4 100 0 5 0 2 6 1 3 0 / 4 10 0 -9 4 O i3 14 11 12 3 7 9 S 3 6

90 0 lor 8 5 1 2 6i 1 3i 0 71 4 8 0 9 1 0 13 10 11 5 3 6 u 5 t c

91 8 103 4 5 2 2 7 1 3i 0 71 4 7 0 8 *5 O *3 7 10 14 3 5 12 j on

93 4 105 0 5 3 2 7 1 3l 0 7l 4 6 0 8 13 O 13 3 10 7 3 4 15 4 >5 6

95 0 106 8 5 4 2 8 1 4 0 8 4 5 0 8 11 O 13 c 1 1 10 1 3 4 2 4 »4 3

96 8 108 4 5 5 2 87 1 4l 0 8i 4 4 0 8 8 O 12 13 9 K ' 3 3 S 4 >5

98 4 no 0 5 6 2 9 1 0 8i 4 3 0 8 6 1 O 12 1C > 1 9 4 ! 3 8 4 " *3

100 0 tu 8 5 7 2 9* 1 4l 0 81 4 2 0 8 5 O 12 7 8 14 f- 3 *3 4 10 n

XOI 8 i*3 4 5 8 2 10 1 5 0 8» 4 1 0 8 3 O *12 4 8 J 3 1 1 4 9

io3 4 US 0 1 5 9 2 ioi 1 5i 0 If 4 c 0 8 1 O 12 1 8 3 \ 3 0 6 4 8 8

1 lo5 0 116 8 u 10 2 11 1 5* 0 *! 4 c 0 7 *5 O II 15 7 13 i 2 15 11 4 7 8

MEMORANDUM.—That when the Price of the Sack of Flour shall exceed the Sum of 105 Shilling?, tte Price of Bread is to be ascertained and set from the above Tables, by duly observing the Proportions upon which the above Tables are calculated as near as can be. 5

---

A.D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. C. 17. 575

CAP. XVII.

An Act to prohibit until the first Day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the End of six Weeks next after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, any Person or Persons from selling any Bread, which shall not have been baked Twenty-four Hours.

[31st December 1800.]

'WHEREAS it is expedient to reduce, as much as possible, at the present Moment, the Consumption of Wheat Flour: And whereas it appears that a considerable Saving would arise, if Bread was prohibited from being sold until it had been baked a certain Time:' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[No Person shall

That it shall not be lawful for any Baker, or other Person or Persons, to sell or offer or expose to Sale, or send out for Sale, sell or expose to or deliver on his or their Account, or on that of any other Person, any Bread, until the same shall have Sale, any Bread, Y>eeri baked twenty-four Hours at the lead $ and every Baker, or other Person or Persons, who shall act contrary hereto, or offend herein, shall for every Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding forty. Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, at the Discretion of the Magistrate, for every Loaf, Half Loaf, or any smaller or larger Part or Portion of a Loaf, or for every Cake or Roll, Muffin or Crumpet, or any Bread commonly known by the Name of French Breads made of the Flour of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Rye, Pease* or Rice, so sold, offered, exposed to or sent out for Sale; which Penalty shall and may be recovered before any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, who shall prove, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, that the said Bread had not been baked twenty-four Hours (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer) one Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish or Place where the Offence shall be committed; and if the said Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for such Jnrormer 4na

Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, to cause the said Penalty to be levied by the Poor of the >istress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party offending, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Pwifti.

Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the said Penalty, and the Costs and Charges of taking and making such Distress and Sale.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the twenty-four Hours, previous to the Expiration of which it shall not be lawful for any Baker, or other Person or Persons, to sell Bread, or offer or expose it to or fend it out for Sale, shall be computed from the Time at which such Bread was taken out of the Oven or other Place used for the Purpose of baking or heating it: Provided also, That it shall not be lawful for any Baker, or other Person or Persons employed by any such Baker, to use any Art or Artifice whatever for preserving the Heat or Moisture in Bread longer than such Heat or Moisture would be preserved by the fair Mode of keeping Bread in the ordinary Way of his Business and every Baker or other Person or Persons who shall act contrary to or offend herein, shall for every such Offence be liable to the same Penalty, to be recovered in the same Mode, as is herein-before enacted in the Case of the Sale of new Bread.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the several Wardmote Inquests of The Wardmote' the City of London, or such other Person or Persons as are authorised by any Act heretofore parted, to er> inquests of ter into any House, Shop, Stall, Bakehouse, Warehouse, Outhouse, or other Place of or belonging to any Baker or Seller of Bread, at all Times, within their respective Limits, to search any Basket, Wheelbarrow,

Cart, or other Conveyance used by any Baker for the Purpose of carrying Bread to or for any Dealer therein, or Consumer thereof and in case any Bread shall be found rn the same which shall not have been baked twenty-four Hours at the least, all such Bread, which shall be so found in any such Basket, Wheelbarrow, Cart, or other Conveyance, shall be deemed and taken as Bread exposed to Sale within the Intent and Meaning of this Act -y and in case such Wardmote Inquests, or such Person or Persons so authorised as aforesaid shall not be able to discover the Owner or Owners of such Bread, then the said Wardmote Inquest, jor any four or more of the Persons composing the same, or such Person or Persons so authorised as aforesaid, shall and may seize such Bread, and after Seizure thereof shall, with all convenient Speed, cause the same to be carried to any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County* City, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, who shall and may dispose thereof, as he or they in his or their Difcro-tion shall think fit.

and carried before a Justice, who may dispose thereof as lie shall think

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully obstruct or hinder any Search herein-before authorised to be made, or the Seizure of any Bread which shall be found on any such Search, or the taking or carrying away the same, he, she, or they so doing or offending shall, upon being convicted thereof before any such last mentioned Magistrate* forfeit and pay for every Offence any Sum not exceeding five Pounds nor less than ten Shillings, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, before whom, such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, shall think fit to order.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Baker or other Person who shall sell or deliver, or offer or expose to Sale, any Bread which Qaall not have been baked twenty-four Hours* to or for the Use of any of his Majesty's Troops

until it shall have been baked, twenty-four Hours, on Penalty of from 40s. to 5s. for every Loaf, Cake, Roll, Muffin, &c. Penalty may be recovered before one Justice, and divided between the Informer and

The 24 Hours shall be computed from taking the Bread out of the Oven $ and no Art shall be used for preserving the Heat or Moisture of the Bread.

London, or authorised Persons, may enter Shops, &c. and search Baskets, &c. used for carrying out Bread, and if any be found therein not baked twenty-four Hours, and if the Owner cannot be found, it may be seized

Penalty for obstructing any Search, or Seizing of Bread, from 5I4 to ioa»

Act not to extend to Bread for the Use of Troops on their March, &c

576 C. 17 - 19. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

Appeal may be made to the Quarter Sessions, who may finally determine the Matter.

CompUintsfcr Off rce* committed within certain Limits, shall l e heard at the nearest I'ublitk Office.

Prosecutions shall be commenced within three Days.

Continuance of Act till oa. I, 1S01, &c.

Until OR. i, jSoi, Herrings may be imported horn Sweden, in Rritifli Vtifcls, or in VtfUli of any Kingdom in Auiity with li Majesty, Duty* fret.

Cap.to2©.

on their March, or within twenty-four Hours after their Arrival at any Quarter, Barrack, or Cantonment

VI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved, by the Judgment or Determination of any such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, in respect of any pecuniary Penalty, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, where such Judgment shall be given, at their then next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, unless such General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall happen to be holden within six Days next after any such Conviction, and in such Case, such Person or Persons may appeal to the next subsequent General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for any such County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place; but no such Appeal shall be received, heard, or determined, unless the Appellant or Appellants shall first enter into a Recognizance, with two sufficient Sureties, before such Justice or Justices so convicting as aforesaid, in the Sum of twenty Pounds each, to appear and prosecute every such Appeal with Effect; and the Justices of the Peace at such General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace are hereby authorised and required, on every such Appeal being made, and on reasonable Notice thereof given to the other Party, finally to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order and to award such Costs therein as they in their Discretion shall fee meet, and which laid Order and Determination shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and no Certiorari shall be allowed to remove any such Proceedings or Determination.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Complaint which shall be made of any Offence against this Act, alledgid to have been committed within those Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey which lie within the Hills of Mortality, or in the Parishes of Saint Marylebone and Pancras, in the said County of Middlesex, shall be heard and determined by some one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the said Counties, at such of the Publick Offices, established by virtue of an Act passed in the thirty second Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace* in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the Metropolis, and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies 5 and further continued by virtue of an Act passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as shall be next or near to the Place in which such Offence shall be alledged to have been committed.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be convicted^ in manner aforesaid, for any of the before mentioned Offences, unless the Prosecution, in order to such Conviction, be commenced within three Days next after the Offence committed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the first Day of October* one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the End of six Weeks next after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to permit, until the first Day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, the Importation of Swedish Herrings into Great Britain.

[31st Deember 1800.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, under the present Circumstances, to permit, for a limited Time, the Importation of Swedish Herrings into Great Britain in British Ships, or in Ships belonging to Pufons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any Manner wfiaicver, without Payment of Duty be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Corifent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and until the first Day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatever, to import into Great Britain, from any Port or Place in Sweden* in any Entifi Ship or Vessel, or in any other Ship or Vessel belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with hs Majesty, and navigated in any Manner whatever, any Herrings caught and cured on any of the Coalls of Sweden, without the Payment of any Duty whatever; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Entry shall be made of such Herrings at the Port of Importation on Penalty of ^Forfeiture. 4 <2.

[os mute u §2. ef c. 11. of this Session.]"

CAP. XIX.

An Act to remove Doubts arising upon the Construction of an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Barley, Bye, Vats, Pease, Beans, and Indian Corn, and Barley, Bye, Oat, and Indian Meal, and Wheaten Flour and Rice.

[31st December 1800.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting Bounties on the Importation of Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Pease, Beans, and Indian Corn, and if Barley, Rye, Oat, and Indian Meal, and IP beaten Flour and Rice, it was enacted, That before any Corn,

A.D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. C. 19 - 21. 577

Grain, or Pulse, or any Flour or Rice, in the said Act mentioned, imported or brought into this Kingdom for Bounty, under the Regulations of the said recited Act, should be delivered out of the Charge of the Officer or Officers of the Customs in the said Act mentioned, that the same should be inspedkd and examined in the Manner in the said Act mentioned: And whereas it was also enacted in the said recited Act, That Returns should be made to the Inspector of Corn Returns, in the Manner in the said Act mentioned, of all Foreign Corn, Grain, or Pulse, that shall be examined and certified under the said Act: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether all Foreign Corn, Grain, or Pulse, in, determined by, and under the Provisons of the said recited Act, to be examined and returned to the Inspector of Corn Re- turns, whether any Bounties are claimed or are payable on such Corn, Grain or Pulse, or not for Remedy whereof, be it declared and enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act was intended, and shall be deemed and con- Before any Fo-strued to require, that before any Foreign Corn, Grain, or Pulse, imported or brought, into this King- ,e, Kn Corn- -dom during the Continuance of the said Act, Avail be delivered out of the Charge of the proper Officer or ^ddivered*"

- Officers of the Customs in the said Act mentioned, such Articles respectively shall be carefully and attentively out Qf thC inspected and examined, and if the same are merchantable, certified in Manner in the said Act mentioned; and Charge of the that all Corn, Grain, or Pulse, that shall be certified under the said Act, shall be returned to the Inspector of proper Officer, Corn Returns, as in the said Act is directed, whether any Bounty or Bounties shall be claimed or payable on inT

any such Corn, Grain, or Pulse, or not; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding. ,^rchantabie

shall be certified, and Returns thereof made to the Inspector, whether Bounty be claimed or not*

CAP. XX.

An Act to revive and continue until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, and amend so much of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the reducing' and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch j and to continue for the same Time several Laws relating to the enabling his Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into this Kingdom in Neutral Ships; to the authorising his Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade to the Capa of Good Hopei and to the preventing Offences in obstructing, destroying, or damaging Ships, and in obstructing Seamen and others from pursuing their lawful Occupations.

[31st December 1800.]

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned have by Experience been found useful and beneficial,* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An * So much of Act for reducing, until the first Day of June one thousand eight hundred, the Duties upon Spirits distilhd from ^9g Prelate*" Melasses or Sugar, or any mixture therewith \ for prohibiting the Distillation of Spirits from Wheat or to the reccing Wheat Flour; and for reducing, until the twentieth Day of September one thousand eight hundred, and better and collecting collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch, as relates to the reducing and better collecting the Import the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch, shall, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September ~^ch °^aly one thousand eight hundred, be revived; and the same is hereby revived, and shall continue in force until from s’epr. 29, the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament: Provided al- 18co.be reways, That for and in respect of any Foreign Starch which shall be imported under the Authority of the vmd, and con-said Act hereby revived and continued, or which shall have been so imported, and for which the Duties *inu<jd unt!l shall not have been actually paid, there shall be charged and paid a Duty at and after the Rate of Three- Commence-pence Farthing per Pound Weight Avoirdupois only; any Thing in the said Act, or any other Act or mcncof the Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding. next Session;

and a Duty after the Rate of jfd. per lb. only shall be piid.

39 Geo. 3. c. 112.

[continued by 39 and 40 Geo. 3. cc. 9. 17.] 37 3.C. 21.]

[continued by

" 38 Geo. 3. c. 9. 39 Geo. 3. c. 12. 39 and 40 Geo3. cc. 19 and 17. J And 33 Geo. 3. c. 67, further continued until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session. §§ 2, 3, 4."

CAP. XXI.

An Act for allowing, until the fifteenth Day of one thousand eight hundred and one, the Use of Salt, Duty free, in the preserving of Fish in Bulk or in Barrels j for protefting Persons, engaged in such Fisheries, from being impressed into his Majesty's Service; for discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings exported; and for allowing a Bounty on Pilchards now cured, whether exported or sold for Home Consumption.

[31st December 1800.]

WHEREAS in order to procure a large Supply of good and wholesome Fish, it is expedient to allow Salt to be used. Duty free, for.a limited Time for the Purpose of curing or preserving Herrings, Pilchards, Mackarel, and all other Kinds or Species of wholesome Fish* either in Bulk or in Barrels;

578 C. 21. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by Sn’tmay^e the Authority of the same, That, during the Continuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Person or rak non hosrd, Persons who shall catch or take, or purchase and cure or preserve any Herrings, Pilchards, Mackarel, or Duty free, lor any 0pner £ind or Species of wholtfoine Fish, or who shall fit out any Vessel for such Purpose, to take and rhe\r,frperron on board his or their Vessel, from his or their own Stock of Sait, or from the Stock of Suit of any other

oi I0 ruihcls Fish Curer, of whom such Person or Persons shall purchase, or with whom he or they shall contract for

ter evay Ten Salt, any Quantity of Salr, Duty free, that shall be deemed necessary for curing or preserving the Fish which

Eurrhmoi' the may be expedkd to be taken or purchased in the Trip or Voyage in or upon which he or they shall immediately intend to dispatch or employ his or their Vessel: Provided always, That no Person or Persons shall be allowed to ship or nave on bojid any Vessel, at any Time, any greater or larger Quantity of Salt, than in the Proportion of ten Bushels for every Ton Burthen, by Admeasurement of the Vessel in or on board of

Before Salt is which such Salt shall be taken or shipped: Provided also, Thac before any Person or Persons whatever shall

ftcetved. Duty receive into his or their Custody or Poii'cilion, or take or ship on board any Vessel or Vessels, any Quantity fhTi he madeat * ^rec ^uty> for Purpose of faking, curing, or preserving Fish, such Person or Persons shall thenxcifeoffice na?ke Entry in Writing at the next Office of Excise, of his or their Name or Names, and Place or Places of the Narrc of of Abode, and of the Number and Situation of every Warehouse, which he or they shall intend to make the shirty, kc. use of for the keeping or storing of Salt, and shall also give Bond or Security to be approved by the Com-1 so?t T!dQcllVEn nniuioners of Excise, or the Person or Persons who shall be appointed or employed by them for that Puf-counting for t!»e. P°‘*e> in *c bum five hundred Pounds, that he or they will duly account with the proper Officer or OfE-Sait.* ' cers of Excise, according to the Directions of this Act, for all the Salt which he or they shall at any Time take, ship, receive, or have on board his or their Vessel or Vessels, for the Purpose of faking, curing, or preserving of Full, and that such Salt, and every Part thereof, shall be fairly and bona fideemployed, fpCnt, ash consumed, in falling, curing, or preserving of Fish as aforesaid, or shall be returned into the Warehouse entered for the keeping or storing of Salt, Duty free, from whence the same was taken; and that no Part of such Sale, so taken, shipped, received, or had on board any such Vessel or Vessels as aforesaid, shall be fraudulently sold or disposed of, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act Prrfcns irttnd- 1L And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons or Person intending to ship any such Salt for ir>£ ro ship Salt, the Purpose aforesaid, shall give to the proper Officer of Excise of the Port or Place from whence such Salt shall give Notice shall be taken and shipped, a Notice in Writing specifying his or their Name or Names, the Name of the E*c,lc Vessel on board which the Salt is intended to be shipped, the Name of the Matter thereof, the Burthen or uin Particidars. Tonnage of such Vessel, the Place to which such Vessel is bound, the particular Sorts or Species of Fish expelled to be taken or purchased and cured, and the exact and true Quantity and Species of Salt intended to be shipped or put on board such Vessel.

Fish Curers may

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any known and entered Fish Curer or Fish ^hcTrS^ck^f Curers, to deliver any Part of his Stock of Salt, Duty free, into the Custody or Possession of any Person or Sait/Dutyfree, Persons who shall have made Entry and given Bond or Security, in pursuance of and according to the Di-10 Persons Who recYions of this Act, for taking, or purchasing, and curing or preserving Fish: Provided always, That such have im:!eEntry Salt shall be delivered under, subject, and according to the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions provided and given Gond amj prescribed by an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for trans-Sud^Ssk'shall Erring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise, and for other Purpose*.

be delivered under the Rules of 38 Geo. 3. C. 89.

V/h?n Salt is shipt,-the ExJfc Hfticrr .'hall five actitificaic specifying ciruin Particulars.

Ten -hvof Tool.

for unlh'ppsng cured F.fh, ex-pt at a lawful ’ Quay.

Within 14 Hours alter Arri al ->r the Port ol urfh’ppinj the Car.o ufany Vciit l on board of w Ui:h Salt ft.a iii»\e t^co taken, the M,.f-ttr shall make at» Entry of cer-1*0 Particulars

IV. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any Salt shall have been shipped or taken ©n board any VefiM for the Purpose of curing or preserving Fish as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the proper Officer of Excise to whom the Notice of shipping such Salt shall have been delivered as aforesaid, and such Officer is hereby authorised and required to give and grant to the Owner, Proprietor, or Matter of fSth Vessel, a Certificate specifying the Name of the Vessel and of the Matter thereof, the Tonnage or Burthen of fetch Vessel, the Quantity and Species of Salt taken, had, or received on board such Vessel, and the Name or Names of the Person or Persons from whose Stock of Salt the same was taken and shipped, tbs Place from whence taken and shipped, the Time when shipped, and the Place to which the Vessel on board which the same shall be so shipped is bound.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Matter of any Veiled, on board which any Salt shall be so taken or shipped as aforesaid, shall unship or unlade, or cause or procure to be unshipped or unladen, or wilfully or knowingly permit or fritter to be unshipped or unladen, any Part of any Cargo of faked or cured Fish, except at some lawful Quay within the Kingdom of Great Britain, he, she, or they, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That within twenty-four Hours after any such Vessel on board of which any Salt shall have been taken or shipped as aforesaid, shall arrive at the Port at which the Cargo of such Vessel is to be unladen or delivered, the Matter of such Vessel shall make Entry in Writing with the proper Officer of Excise of such Port, specifying the Quantity and Kinds or Species of salted or cured Fish of which the Cargo of such Vessel shall consist; that is to say, if Herrings, the Quantity, according to the exact and true Number of Crans of thirty-four Gallons each, English Wine Measur, of fresh Herrings, which were taken or received on board his Vessel; if Pilchards or Mackarel, the exact and true Number of Barrels, consisting of fifty Gallons each of the like Measure, which were taken or received on board fresh; and if any other Kind or Species of Fish, the cxidt and true Number of Barrels of two hundred Pounds Weight each, or the exact and ti uc Weight of such Fish; and also the exact and true Quantity of Salt actually employed

A.D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. C. 21. 579

and spent in curing and preserving such Fish respectively, and likewise the true Quantity of Salt which shall be then remaining, in or on board his Vessel, unused; and thereupon the proper Officer of Excise shall go on board and inspect and examine all such Fish and Salt, and shall grant Permission, in Writing under his Hand, for unloading and landing all such Fish, which, if required by such Officer, shall be unladen (and if in Bulk, measured or weighed) by such Master, in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise; and if any such Master shall neglect or refuse to make such Entry as aforesaid, or make any false Entry, or shall refuse to unlade the salted Fish of which his Cargo shall consist, and to measure or weigh such Part thereof as shall be imported in Bulk, in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise, he shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Certificate which shall have been received by any such Master for or in respect of any such Salt as aforesaid, shall be produced to the proper Officer of Excise by whom the Cargo of the Veil'd on board which the Salt, for or in respect of which such Certificate as aforesaid shall have been granted, shall be inspected, examined, and taken Account of; and if such Officer shall be satisfied that the Salt specified in such Entry to have been used, shall have been fairly and bona fde spent and consumed in preserving or curing the salted Fish of which the Cargo shall consist, according to the Directions of this Act, then and in such Case such Officer shall indorse on such Certificate the true Quantity of Fish Cured or preserved, and landed out of such Vessel, and the exact Quantity of Salt remaining on board; which Certificate, being produced to and left with the proper Officer of Excise of the Port or Place at which or from whence the Salt to which fuph Certificate may have Reference shall have been shipped or tsken on board such Vessel, such aft-mentioned Officer shall give Credit for or write off* from the Account of the Person or Persons who shall (land charged in the Books or Accounts of the Excise with such Salt, so much Salt as shall appear by the Indorsement of the proper Officer of Excise on such Certificate to have been actually used, spent, and consumed, in curing and preserving Fish, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall permit and allow all the Salt remaining unused in or on board such Vessel, to be returned into the Warehouse from whence the same was taken, and shall write off or give Credit for the Quantity of Salt actually so returned, or shall permit the same to be taken out, by and at the Option of the Master or Owner of the Vessel, for curing or preserving Fish on his next subsequent Trip or Voyage, either with or without any additional Quantity of Sale, (not exceeding in the Whole the Proportion herein-before mentioned,) as he or they shall deem necessary; and every such Officer of Excise shall, upon such subsequent Trip or Voyage, and upon such Notice as is herein-before required, give to the Master of such Vessel, such and the like Certificate as is by this Act before directed.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That immediately upon the Delivery to the proper Officer of Excise of any such Entry as is herein-before directed, the Master of the Vessel making or giving the same shall make Oath before the proper Officer of Excise (which Oath such Officer is hereby authorised and empowered to administer) to the Truth of such Entry, and every Part thereof, and that he has not taken or received on board his Vessel, or included in his Entry, any Fish whatever, save and except such Fish only as hath been fairly and bona fde salted, cured, apd preserved, on board the Vessel of which he is the Master, nor any Fish which he has any Reason to know or believe have been imported on boariT any other Vessel whatever; that he has not directly or indirectly fold, embezzled, or fraudulently disposed of, or concealed, or conveyed away, or suffered any other Person or Persons to fell, embezzle, dispose of, or conceal, or convey away, any Part of the Salt taken, shipped, or laden on board his Vessel, for faking, curing, or preserving Fish.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer of Excise, at all Times, to go and remain on board any such Vessel as aforesaid, and to inspect, examine, and take Account of all Salt, and salted Fish, and other Articles or Commodities whatsoever, in or on board such Vessel.

X. And be it further enacted, That if the Quantity of salted or cured Fish actually unladed or delivered from on board any such Vessel as aforesaid in the Prelence of the proper Officer of Excise, shall fail short of the Quantity specified in such Entry as aforesaid, in the Proportion of one Part in five of the whole Quantity specified in such Entry, that then and in such Case such Entry shall be deemed and taken to be a false and untrue Entry, and the Master making the same shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Credit or Allowance for Salt used in the faking, curing, or preserving Fish, under the Directions or Authority of this Act, shall, at any Time or in any Case, be made or given beyond the Quantity of Salt actually and bona fde employed and spent in the faking, curing, and preserving the Fifir, for which such Credit or Allowance shall be claimed; nor shall any such Credit or Allowance exceed the following Proportions, that is to say, for every Cran confiding of thirty-four Gallons, Enfish Wine Measure, of Herrings, actually salted, cured, preserved, and produced to the proper Officer of Excise in a good, wholesome, and merchantable State, sixty-five Pounds Weight of Salt; for every Barrel of fifty Gallons, of like Measure, of Pilchards or Mackare), so salted, cured, preserved, and produced as aforesaid, ninety-five Pounds Weight of Salt; for every one hun.ired Weight of ad other Fish, ib fdted, cured, preserved, and produced as aforesaid, twenty-two Pounds Weight of Salt; any Thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the.contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no further or other Credit or Allowance for Salt shall be made, given, or granted, for or in respect of any Fish for which the Credit or Allowance gf Salt, by this Act given Ci granted, shall be claimed, set off, or allowed.

with the Excise Officer, who shall go on board and examine, and i,i ant Ptr-nnfii n lor on-loading the Fish, and it he rcou.ie it, in Ins Prc-fem e.

Penalty of 1031. on Matters for Neglect.

Certificates received in respect of Salt, shall be produced to i <-Excise OlTi er by whom tU* Cargo Ihnil he inspectcrf, who Hull, it (it.if.i’rf, indoifc theie *n the Quinn ty of Fish tuic J and landed, and the Quantity of Sait rem lining j ai 1 t lie Officer of the Port from-which the SaJf was taken, full give Credit for melt Salt as shall appear to have been used, and shall permit the Remamder to be warehoused,&c«

Mailers shall rrnkc Uath of the Tiuth of Entries, and that they have not included thereto any Fish but what have been salt ly cured oa boat d, &c.

Excise Cffiecrt may goon board, and take Account of Salt and salted Fish. If the Fill) un* laden shall be short i-5th Part of the Quantity entered, the Matter shall forfeit icob Credit for Salt used in ci ring Fish shall net evened the Quantities lit rein jpccihrJ,

ard no further Allowance shall be granted.

580 C. 21. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

No Bounty shall be given for Fish cured under this Act, except Red Herrings.

Matters of Vessels importing salted Fish into the Port of London shall make Entry and Oath with the Excise Officer at Grave-fend, and unlade

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Bounty shall be given, granted, allowed, or paid for or in respect of any Fish whatever, salted, cured, or preserved, under the Authority, Directions, or ProvifiGnsof this Act, other than and except such Herrings as shall be cured and legally packed as Red Herrings.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Master of every Vessel in or on board of which any salted Fish taken and cured under the Authority and Direction of this Act, shall be imported or brought into the Port of London, shall make the Entry and Oath herein-before directed, with and before the proper Officer of Excise at Gravesend, and shall then and there take out and unlade into proper Boats or Lighters, all his Cargo of salted Fish, in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise, in the Manner, according to the Directions, and subject to the Penalty in case of Neglect, Refusal, or false Entry, which is herein-before directed, in respect of Vessels arriving with and unlading salted Fish at any lawful Quay in Great Britain.

into Boats the Cargo in his Pretence.

Persons concealing, See. Salt shipt lor curing Fish, shall forfeit 50l. and the Salt shall be forfeited.

For Herrings in Bulk cured as Red Herrings, or for Exportation to Ireland, the like Quantity of Sail shall be allowed as for Herrings in Bulk for Home Consumption, on the Matter’s complying with the Rules of this

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatever shall clandestinely or fraudulently conceal, embezzle, fell, dispose of, or carry or convey away, any Salt that shall be taken or shipped on board any Vessel, for the faking, curing, or preserving of Fish, under the Powers and Authorities by this Act given or granted, every such Person or Persons (lull, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds; and all Salt so concealed, embezzled, fold, disposed of, or carried or conveyed away, together with the Package containing the same, shall be forfeited, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to take, purchase, and salt and preserve Herrings in Bulk, either for the Purpose of curing the same as Red Herrings, or for immediate Exportation to Ireland \ and such Person shall be allowed such and the like Quantity of Salt for every Cran (confiding of thirty-four Gallons of such Herrings) as is allowed for curing and preserving Herrings in Bulk for Home Consumption: Provided the Master of such Vessel shall comply with and conform’to the several Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions by this Act directed: And provided also, That the Master of every Vessel intending to export Herrings in Bulk to Ireland, shall make a like Entry and Oath, with the Officer of Excise, at the Port nearest to which the Herrings on board his Vessel shall have been taken, as is required by this Act to be made for or in respect of Vessels arriving with salted Fish to be landed at any Port in Great Britain, and shall permit and allow the proper Officer of Excise, to inspect, examine, and take Account of all such Herrings accordingly.

XVII. And whereas it is expedient to encourage the Sale of such Pilchards for Home Consumption as may be now in Store/ be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, to take an immediate and true Account of all Pilchards which, at the Time of taking such Account, shall be well and perfedily cured and packed in Barrels, and which shall be or remain in the Custody or Possession of any regular and entered Fish Curer 5 and such Officer or Officers, at and after the Expiration of one Month after he or they shall have taken such Account, and ascertained the true Number of Barrels of such Pilchards, shall give to the Proprietor or Owner thereof a Debenture specifying the exact and true Number of Barrels of such Pilchards so cured and packed as aforesaid: Provided always, That before the proper Officer or Officers of Excise shall take any such Account as aforesaid, the Owner or Proprietor of such Pilchards shall, upon being thereunto required by the proper Officer of Excise, forthwith deliver to such Officer a Declaration in Writing, specifying the exact and true Number of Barrels of Pilchards in his Custody or Possession, and whether any Debenture has been made out or granted, or any' Bounty allowed or paid for any, and if for any, for how many Barrels of such Pilchards, on Pain of forfeiting, for every Neglect or Refusal to make such Declaration, or for any false or untrue Declaration, the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

On Production of the Debenture to the Collector of Excise, he shall pay the same Bounty as on Pilchards exported.

Officer shall brand Barrels of which an Account shall have been taken.

Penalty of 200l. for altering Marks on Barrels, SC Cm

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon any such Debenture as aforesaid being produced to the Collector of Excise, of the Collection in which the Fish Curer to whom the same was given or granted shall reside, such Collector shall, and he is hereby authorised and required, out of any Money in his Hands arising from the Duty on Salt, to pay to such Fi(n Curer such Bounty as he would have been entitled unto in case such Pilchards had been duly and truly'exported; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or in this Act, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any Officer or Officers of Excise, shall have taken Account of and ascertained the true Number of Barrels of Pilchards in the Custody or Possession of any such entered Fish Curer as aforesaid, such Officer or Officers shall forthwith, burn or brand distinctly on each Barrel the Letters B. A. to denote that the same has been taken Account of, and the Bounty allowed thereon.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Fish Curer or other Person whatever shall alter or deface any Mark burnt or branded upon any Barrel of Pilchards, or shall repack any Pilchards upon which any Bounty shall have been allowed, or other wise attempt or endeavour to obtain Credit for, or Payment of, any Bounty upon any Pilchards for which a Bounty had been before allowed or paid, or for the Payment of which Bounty any Debenture shall have been made out or granted, every Fish Curer or other Person, lo offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

A.D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. C. 21. 581

XXI. And be it further enacted, That before the Bounty on any Debenture shall be paid by any Collector of Excise, the Owner or Proprietor of the Pilchards, by whom such Bounty shall be claimed, shall make Oath that no Bounty whatever has been paid, recovered, or allowed, nor any Debenture made out or granted for or in respect of the Pilchards, or any Part thereof, which are or shall be mentioned or specified in such Debenture, and that all such Pilchards are well and perfectly cured and packed, and, are good and merchantable Fish j which Oath such Collector is hereby authorised and empowered to administer.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Proprietor or Owner of such Pilchards, or to and for any other Person or Persons who may be legally entitled to the same, to sell or dispose of such Pilchards, or any Part thereof, either for Home Consumption or for Exportation, itibjed nevertheless, if exported, to the Rules, Regulations, and Provisions, to which the Exportation of Pilchards is now liable: Provided always, That no such Pilchards shall at any Time be sold or disposed of, save and except in the original Barrels, marked and branded by the proper Officer or Officers of the Revenue, unless such Pilchards shall be sold by Retail in less Quantity than one Barrel, and in case any Fish Curer, or other Person or Persons, shall sell or dispose of any Pilchards contrary to the Directions of this Act, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no further or other Bounty than that which is given and granted by this Act, shall be claimed, paid, or allowed, for or in respect of any Pilchards for which a Debenture for the Bounty granted by this Act has been made out, for or on account of any such Pilchards being exported; any Thing in this, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Bond or Security given or taken for Salt to be used or employed in curing or preserving Fish, nor any Certificate made out in relation to any such Salt, shall be subject to any Stamp Duties; any Thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Gratuity, or Reward, shall be taken or received by any Officer or Officers of the Revenue, for or on Pretence of preparing or making out any Bond, Certificate, or Permission required by this Act, or for or under any other Account or Pretence whatever, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of five Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit, forge, oralter, or cause to be counterfeited, forged, or altered, any Certificate in any Case in which a Certificate is by this Act required to be used, given, or granted, or shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or cause to be fogged, counterfeited, or altered, any Indorsement or any such Certificate, every such Person so offending shall forfeit five hundred Pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall be convicted of wilfully taking a false Oath in any of the Cases in which an Oath is required to be taken by this Act, shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to’ which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatever shall resist, oppose, molest, hinder, or obstruct, any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, in the due Execution of this Act, every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Owners or Consignees of any such Cargo of Fish, salted or cured under the Provisions of this Act, or the Matter"# any such Vessel laden with any such Fish as aforesaid, under this Act, to discharge and unlade, and cause to be discharged and unladen, all such Fish as aforesaid, by such Persons, and in such Manner, and at such Times and Places, (except as is provided by this Act with respect to the Officers of Excise,) as such Owners, or Consignees, or Matters, respectively, shall judge proper; and no Person or Persons employed by any such Owner, Con-signee, or Matter, in unloading any such Fish, or discharging any such Vessel, shall be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture, or subject to any Restriction in respect thereof; and no Port or other Fees or Dues shall be payable or paid in respect of the unloading of any such Fish or discharging of any such Vessel; any Act or Acts, Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Person engaged or employed in the taking, catching, faking, curing, or preserving, any Fish, under the Provisions of this Act, or who shall be preparing to depart on board of or with any Vessel, and Nets, for the Purpose of engaging in taking, catching, salting, curing, or preserving Fish, under this Act, nor any Person returning therefrom, shall be impressed into his Majesty's Service, but shall, and is hereby privileged and exempted therefrom, until the fifteenth Day of October one thousand eight hundred and one: Provided always, That every such Person preparing to proceed on any Voyage or Trip under this Act, shall be furnished with a Certificate from the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs at or near the Port or Place to which he may belong or refuie, that he is actually and bona fide preparing to proceed on such Voyage or Trip, which Certificate such Collector or Comptroller is hereby directed and required to deliver to every such Person as aforesaid applying for the same, without Fee or Reward.

XXXI. And whereas by an Act, made in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, an Act for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise and for

Before any Bounty shall be paid on Pilchards, the Owner shall make Oath that no Bounty has been paid, and that they are merchantable Fish. Such Pilchards may be sold for Home Consumption, or for Exportation, but only in the original Barrels, unless sold by Retail, in iefs Quantity than a Barrel.

No other Bounty than that given by this Act shall be paid for such Pilchards exported. No Bond or Certificate to be subject to Stamp Duty.

No Fee shall be taken by any Officer of the Revenue on Penalty of 5l. Penalty of 500l. for forging Certificates, Sc C.

Persons taking a fnlfc Oath to be liable to the Penalties for Ptrjfiry.

Penalty of 200l. for obstructing Officers.

Cargoes may be unladen as the Owners shall judge proper (except as to Excise Officers).

No Person employed in taking or curing Fish or preparing to depart on a Voyage, or returning therefrom, shall be impressed till (Jt\. 15, i?or, upon Certificate from the Officers of the Customs.

Bounty granted by 38 Geo 3. c.«j, [^3.]on

582 C. 21, 22. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

[White Herrings discontinued until October 15, 1801.]

repealing the Duties on Salt, and the Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties paid thereout, and for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties thereon, a Bounty of two Shillings and eight Pence was granted on every Barrel of White Herrings, containing thirty-two Gallons, which should be duly exported to Parts beyond the Seas: And whereas it is expedient that the said Bounty should be discontinued for a limited Time;' be it therefore enacted, That the said Bounty shall be discontinued until the fifteenth Day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, save and txcept any Arrears of Bounty that may be due before the passing of this Act.

[Recovery and Application of Penalties.]

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one Moiety of any such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, or them, who will inform, discover, or sue for the same.

---

[Continuance Of Act.]

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect from the Day on which the same shall receive the Royal Assent, and shall remain and continue in force until the fifteenth Day of October one thousand eight hundred and one.

CAP. XXII.

An Act to authorize his Majesty to appoint Commissioners for the more effectual Examination of Accounts of Publick Expenditure for His Majesty's Forces in the West Indies during the present War.

[31st December 1800.]

'WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made for the speedy and effectual Examination on the Spot of the Accounts of the several Commissaries and other Persons in Publick Employments, who have been or who may be entrusted with the Expenditure of the Publick Money during the present War, in any of the Islands in the West Indies, or with any of his Majesty's Forces serving out of this Kingdom; for the Information of the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, and for the better enabling of the said Commissioners to investigate such Accounts;' be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[His Majesty may appoint five Commissioners for examining the Accounts of Commissaries and others employed in the West Indies and on Foreign Service, and making Reports thereon to the Commissioners for auditing Publick Accounts.]

That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to nominate and appoint, by Commission under the Great Seal of Great Britain, such and such Number of Persons, not exceeding five, to be Commissioners for examining and investigating the Publick Accounts, of all the Commissaries and other Persons who have been or who may be concerned in the Expenditure of Publick Monies during the present War, in any of the Islands in the West Indies, or who have been or may be employed with any of his Majesty's Forces, on any Foreign Service or Station, and making Reports thereon, to the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts:

[The Governor, &c. of the Place, shall always be one.]

Provided always, That the Governor, or in the Absence of the Governor, the Lieutenant Governor, or Person acting as Governor, and the Commander in Chief of his Majesty's Forces for the Time being, if any such there be in the Island or Place where any Investigation under the Authority of this Act shall take place, and where such Commissioners shall for the Time being act in the Execution of their Offices, shall be of the Number of such Commissioners.

[The Treasury may appoint Officers and Clerks to assist the Commissioners, and allow them Salaries.]

II. And be it further enacted, That the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three of them, for the Time being, shall be, and he or they are hereby authorised to appoint such Officers and Clerks and other Persons, to aid and assist such Commissioners as aforesaid, in the Execution of their Offices, as shall appear to them to be necessary from Time to Time, with such Salaries to each as they shall judge proper, and to allow such reasonable Sums as to them shall seem fit, from Time to Time for incidental Charges to be incurred therein; and such Officers, Clerks, and other Persons, shall not in any Case whatever, be entitled to, or take, or receive, any Fees, Gratuities, or Perquisites whatever.

[Commissioners may call before them all Persons concerned in the expenditure of Publick Monies, or in furnishing Stores, &c.]

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any two of them, shall be, and they are hereby authorised and required to call before them by Precepts, under the Hands of any two or more of such Commissioners, all Persons who shall in any Case have been concerned in the Expenditure of any Publick Money, or who shall have been in any way concerned in the supplying or furnishing any Money, Bills, Provisions, Stores, or other Articles for the Publick Service, or any Person who in their Judgment may be likely to give useful Information on the Subject of any Enquiry which may be depending in any such island or Place aforesaid, or in negotiating Bills, and the Agents, Clerks, and Servants of any such Persons aforesaid, to attend upon them personally from Time to Time, as they shall be required, and to exhibit to them the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, all such Accounts, Books, Certificates, Warrants, Muniments, Receipts, Bills of Exchange, Notes, or other Papers whatever, in the Possession of any such Person or Persons, or of any other Person or Persons for him, her, or them, which to such Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall appear to be necessary for the Purpose of their Examination of any Expenditure of any Publick Monies, or for the investigation of any Publick Accounts, or of the Rate of Exchange, at

A.D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. C. 22, 23. 583

which Bills have been or may be drawn, or for the due Execution of any of the Duties imposed upon any such Commissioners aforesaid.

[Persons refusing to appear, or to produce Accounts, or answer Questions, may be proceeded against in Manner herein directed.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons summoned to appear before such Commissioners, or any two of them, shall neglect or refuse to appear before such Commissioners as aforesaid, or any two of them, or to bring or produce any Accounts, Books, Certificates, Warrants, Muniments, Receipts, Bills of Exchange, Notes, or other Papers whatever, that shall be in his, her, or their Possession or Custody, or in the Custody or Possession of any other Person or Persons for him, her, or them, or shall refuse to answer to such Commissioners, or any two of them, any Question on Oath or Affirmation, touching or concerning any Matter or Thing relating to any such Accounts, Books, Certificates, Warrants, Muniments, Receipts, Bills of Exchange, or other Papers, or shall refuse to answer any Question on Oath or Affirmation, relating to any Matter or Thing in any wise respecting the Expenditure of the Publick Money inquired of by the said Commissioners, or any two of them, or in the Execution of their Office under this Act, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to make or cause to be made summary Application to any Court or Courts of Justice in any such Island or Place aforesaid, in that Behalf, if any such Court shall be then fitting, or if no such Court shall be then fitting, then such Application shall be made to the Chief Justice or other Judge of any such Court, and every such Court or Chief Justice or Judge respectively, is hereby authorised and strictly required, on such Application so made as aforesaid, to issue such special Process against the Person or Persons who shall have been guilty of such Default as aforesaid, as such Court or Chief Justice or Judge may deem necessary, to compel the Appearance before such Commissioners of any such Person or Persons, or the Production of any such Accounts, Books, Certificates, Warrants, Muniments, Receipts, Bills of Exchange, or other Papers as aforesaid, or to compel such Person or Persons to answer any such Question or Questions as aforesaid; and such Commissioners may thereupon proceed upon such special Process by Imprisonment of the Body of any such Person as aforesaid, in like Manner as any Court or Courts of Record within this Kingdom, having competent Authority for that Purpose, may proceed against any Person or Persons, for any Contempt committed against the Authority, of any such Court.

[Commissioners may take Examinations on Oath.]

V. And, for the rendering more effectual all such Examinations as are intended to be had under this Act, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any such Commissioners as aforesaid, or any two of them, and they are hereby respectively authorised and required to examine upon Oath, (which Oath they, or any two or more of such Commissioners, are hereby authorised to administer,) all Persons whom they shall find Occasion to call before them, and all other Persons whom the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall think fit to examine, touching all Matters and Things necessary for the due Execution of the Powers vested in any such Commissioners as aforesaid.

[Persons giving false Evidence subject to the Punishment for Perjury.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons in the Course of their Examination upon Oath before any such Commissioners as aforesaid, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in being in this Kingdom, or by any Law or Laws in force for the Time being, in any Island or Place aforesaid, where such Offence shall be committed, as Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

[Act shall not effect the Powers of the Commissioners for auditing Publick Accounts,]

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the preventing the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts from investigating or passing or making up any Accounts, or Declarations of Accounts, or in any Manner to the limiting the Jurisdiction, or rowers or Authorities of the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, or to the transferring to any Commissioners acting under the Authority of this Act, any of the Powers or Authorities of the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, but that, on the contrary thereof, that all Commissioners acting under the Authority of this Act shall act in Aid only of the said Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, and shall, from Time to Time, whenever required so to do, by the said Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, or any three of them, transmit or deliver to such Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, all Papers, Vouchers, Documents, and Examinations, procured or taken in any Investigation under this Act, for the Purpose of enabling such Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts finally to audit, declare, and pass such Accounts as aforesaid;

[who may proceed on any Report of the Commissioners under this Act, as if Investigation had been made in this Kingdom, under 25 Geo. 3. c. 52.]

and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts to proceed therein upon any Report of any Commissioners acting under this Act, signed by any three or more of any such Commissioners, in like Manner, in every Respect, as if the Investigation of the Accounts contained in any such Report had been made in this Kingdom, under and by virtue of any Powers or Authorities vested in such Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, by an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better examining and auditing the Publick Accounts of this Kingdom.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for making the Port of Amsterdam in the Island of Curaçao a Free Port.

[31st December 1800.]

[27 Geo. 3. c. 27. 30 Geo. 3. c. 29. 31 Geo. 3. c. 38.]

'WHEREAS by several Acts made in the twenty-seventh, thirtieth, thirty-first, thirty-second, thirty-third, and thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, it is provided that Wool, Cotton Wool, Indigo, Cochineal, Drugs of all Sorts, Cocoa, Tobacco, Logwood, Fustic, and all Sorts'

584 C. 23 - 25. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

[32 Geo. 3. c. 37. 33 Geo. 3. c. 50, and 38 Geo. 3. c. 39.]

'of Wood for Dyers Use, Hides, Skins, and Tallow, Beaver and all Sorts of Furs, Tortoise Shell, Hardwood, or Mill Timber, Mahogany, and all other Goods for Cabinet Ware, Horses, Asses, Mules, and Cattle, being the Growth and Production of any of the Colonies or Plantations in America, belonging to or under the Dominion of any Foreign European Sovereign or State, and all Coin and Bullion, Diamonds, or precious Stones, may be imported from any of the said Colonies or Plantations into the several Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, Santa Lucea, and Antonio, in the Island of Jamaica, the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence one of the Bahama Islands, and the Port of Saint John's in the Island of Antigua, in any Foreign Sloop, Schooner, or other Vessel whatever, not having more than one Deck, and owned and navigated in the Manner therein prescribed, and, together with other Goods and Commodities mentioned in the said Acts, may be exported from thence under certain Regulations and Restrictions: And whereas it is expedient to permit the Goods and Commodities herein-before enumerated, to be in like Manner imported into the Port of Amsterdam in the Island of Curaçao, and, together with such other Goods and Commodities, to be in like Manner exported from thence;' be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[The Goods herein enumerated may be imported into the Port of Amsterdam in Curaçao and may be exported from thence, with any of the Goods mentioned in the recited Acts.]

That, from and after the passing of this Act, all the Goods and Commodities herein-before enumerated and described, shall and may be imported into the Port of Amsterdam in the Island of Curaçao in the like Foreign Ships and Vessels, and, together with such other Goods and Commodities mentioned in the said Acts or any of them, be exported from thence to such Part of his Majesty's Dominions to which the Exportation of the same is permitted by any of the said Acts, under the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, and subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures for Breach thereof, to be recovered and applied in the Manner in the said Acts or any of them mentioned and contained.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for continuing, until six Months after the Conclusion of a general Peace, three Acts made in the thirty-third and thirty-eighth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases.

[31st December 1800.]

'WHEREAS an Act was made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

[33 Geo. 3. c. 4.]

intituled, An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases, which was to be in force until the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by several subsequent Acts was continued until the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine:

[38 Geo. 3. c. 50. and 77.]

And whereas by two Acts made in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the said Act was amended, and further continued until the first Day of August one thousand eight hundred, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; And whereas the said Acts, made in the thirty-third and thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, have been found useful and expedient;' be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Continued.]

That the said Acts made in the thirty-third and thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, and all the Powers and Provisions therein contained, shall be, and the same are hereby further continued until six Months after the Conclusion of a general Peace.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for allowing the Importation of undressed Hemp, from any of the Countries that lie within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the East India Company, free of Duty.

[31st December 1800.]

'WHEREAS it is expedient that the Importation of undressed Hemp, or any other vegetable Substance of the Nature and Quality of undressed Hemp, and applicable to the same Purposes, being of the Growth or Production of any of the Countries within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the East India Company, should be encouraged;' be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Undressed Hemp the Produce of the Countries within the exclusive Trade of the East India Company, may be imported as any other Goods free from Duty.]

That, from and after the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, all undressed Hemp, or any other vegetable Substance of the Nature and Quality of undressed Hemp, and applicable to the same Purposes, being of the Growth or Production of any of the Countries within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the East India Company, may be imported into this Kingdom, in the same Manner, and under the like Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as any other Goods or Commodities, the Produce of the said Countries, may now by Law be imported, without being subject or liable to any Duty whatever; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. C. 25 - 27. 585

[But the East India Company may receive the Duty payable to them.]

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall prevent or hinder the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, from demanding and receiving any Duty or Allowance now due and payable to the said Company by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for continuing until the first Day of June one thousand eight hundred and one, the several Acts for regulating the Turnpike Roads in Great Britain, which expire at the End of the present Session of Parliament.

[31st December 1800.]

'WHEREAS it is expedient that the several Acts for making, amending, and repairing the Turnpike Roads in Great Britain, which will expire at the End of the present Session of Parliament, should be continued for a limited Time;' be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[All Acts for making and repairing any Turnpike Roads, which would expire at the End of the present Session, continued until June 1, 1801.]

That all and every Act and Acts of Parliament for making, amending, and repairing, any Turnpike Roads in Great Britain, which will expire at the End of the present Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is and are hereby continued until the first Day of June one thousand eight hundred and one.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for extending the Time for the Payment of certain Sums of Money advanced by way of Loan to several Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

[31st December 1800.]

[15 Geo. 3. c. 127.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the Purposes and in the Manner therein mentioned: And whereas Exchequer Bills were issued under the said Act to certain Commissioners therein named to a large Amount, and were by them advanced to certain Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, on certain Terms and Conditions:

[37 Geo. 3. c. 27.]

And whereas an Act was passed in the thirty-seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, for allowing further Time for Payment of Instalments to become due on certain Sums advanced by way of Loan, pursuant to the said first-mentioned Act; and for granting further Relief to Persons connected with and trading to the said Islands:

[39 Geo. 3. c. 11.]

And whereas an Act was passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for allowing further Time for the Payment of Instalments to become due on the said Loans:

[39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 13, recited.]

---

And whereas another Act was also passed in the second Session of Parliament in the said thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for allowing further Time for the Payment of a certain Proportion of the Instalments then and to become due on the said Loans: And whereas Circumstances have occurred which render it expedient to continue the Powers of the said Acts, and further to extend the Time for the Repay- ment of the Instalments remaining due on the said Loans of Exchequer Bills, upon the Terms and Conditions herein after specified;’ be it therefore enacted,

Persons may apply to the Commissioners to have the Tims' fpv Repayment of Loans extended, who may extend it as herein specified. f 1.

[as under 39 and 40 Geo. a* r. 13. §1.] Sureties willing to re- main so for Repayment of any Loan or any Part thereof, separated under this Act, at the extended Times*

shall signify their Consent to the Secretary, in the Form in the Schedule A. 5 [* under 39 and 40

Geo. 3. r. 13. S Commissioners shall meet to receive, or appoint Personte to receive. Applications for Extension of Times for Repayment of Loans* and six Days for taking them into Consideration. §3.

£as under 39 and 40 Geo. 3. c. 13. $ 3.]" *

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Persons or Person, making such Application to tfw Commissioners laid Commissioners, shall be required by the said Commissioners to give any new Security or Securities, or ‘may grant 10 to produce any new or other Surety or Sureties, and shall not, previous to or upon any of the said Instal- 1 ^endeT merits becoming due and payable under the said recited Acts, be prepared to tender such sufficient Security Securities or Securities, or Sureties or Surety, as shall by the said Commissioners be deemed requisite; or in case such or Sureties pre. Perform or Persons shall prove to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners, that by Reason of the Distance at vious to inflaU which any Sureties or Surety are then vending, the Consent of such Sureties or Surety under this Act can- n*nts becoming not immediately be procured, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by Writing under the Hands of ^me^nenex- any three or more of them, to grant to such Persons or Person such further Time for the procuring and cccding four" tendering such Security or Securities, or procuring the Consent of any such Surety or Sureties, as they in Months, the their Di(cretiom shall think fit to allow, not exceeding the Period of four Months from the Time of granting Grant of which such further Time as aforesaid, and every Grant of such further Time as aforesaid shall be in the Form in ^all bc ,n the the Schedule to this Act annexed maikcd B,; and in the mean Time, and until the Expiration of the Time schedule BC 41 Geo. III. 4F so

*S coin tics and Sureties shall remain liable.

After signing Consent by Original Sureties, &c. the Commissioners may grant Extension of Time of Repayment of Loan by three Instalments with Interest on 5th March 1S2, 1803, and 1804.

Remedies of recited or other Acts for compelling Repayment of Loan shall continue, &c.

586 C. 27. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

so allowed by the said Commissioners for the Purpose aforesaid, such Persons respectively shall not be de^nrted or taken to have made Default in Payment of such Instalment of the said Loan under the said recited Acts unless Default shall be made in the Payment of any such first Instalment as aforesaid, nor shall any Process, Suit, or other Proceeding* be issued, commenced, or had, nor any Warrant for the same granted against the said Parties respectively, or their Sureties of Surety, their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, or upon or in respect of any Securities or Security made, assigned, or deposited, for the Purposes in the said Acts mentioned, or other wise, for the Purpose of recovering or compelling Payment of the said Loan, or any Part thereof: Provided always, That all and every such Securities and Security and Sureties and Surety aforesaid, shall, at the Expiration of any such Time so granted under this Act as aforesaid, be and remain liable as such Securities or Security, Sureties or Surety, in like Manner as if such further Time had not been granted for the procuring such Content as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the signing of such Consent by such Sureties under the said Acts or any or either of them as aforesaid, and the Deposit of such further Security or Securities, Surety or Sureties, (where any such shall be required by the said Commissioners,) it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to grant and allow, in Manner herein after mentioned, to such Parties respectively, such Enlargement or Extension of the Times of Repayment of such Loan as they the said Commissioners shall in their Discretion think proper, so that the same be made payable in Proportions not less, and Periods not longer than herein after particularly mentioned; that is to say, in every Case where the Whole of any such Loan remains unpaid one third Part of such Loan, with Interest for the same at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two; one other third Part thereof, with the like Interest for the fan.e, on the fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and three; and the remaining third Part thereof, with the like Interest for the same, on the fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and four; and in every Case where the first Instalment, or the first and second Instalments on any such Loan, or any Proportion thereof, hath been or shall be paid, previous to any Application being made for the Enlargement or Extension of the Time or respective Times of Payment of the Remainder of such Loan, then the Remainder of any such Loan at such respective Times, for what may remain due on such Loan, as are hereinbefore mentioned for the Payment of Instalments of any Loan on which no Part has been paid j and such Parlies respectively, to whom the said Commissioners shall allow such Enlargement or Extension of the Times of Payment of the said Loan, shall not be deemed or taken to have made Default in Payment of the said Loan in Manner directed by the said recited Acts, nor shall any Process, Suit, or other Proceeding be issued, commenced, or had, nor any Warrant for the same granted, against the said Parties respectively, or their Sureties or Surety, their or any of their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, or upon, or in respect of any Securities or Security made, assigned, or deposited, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, or otherwise, in order to recover or compel the Repayment of the said Loan or any Parc thereof, until the Expiration of such enlarged or extended Times as aforesaid.

46 Certificate of the Grant of such Extension shall be in the Form in Schedule C. which shall be delivered to the Parties, and a Copy kept by the Commissioners. §6.

[as under 39 and 40 Geo. 3. c. 15. 6.]

Previous to receiving Certificates of Extension of Time, all Interest due shall be paid. §7.

[as under 39 and 40 Geo. 3. c. 13. §7.]"

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That the said Acts hereinbefore recited, and all Remedies thereby provided, and all other Remedies whatever under any Act or Acts, or Law or Laws for recovering or compelling the Repayment of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills issued and advanced under the same as aforesaid, or enforcing any such Security or Securities, or Proceeding against any Surety or Sureties, shall continue and be in full Force as against all Persons, and in all Caies, where the Time for Repayment shall not have been enlarged and extended according to the Provisions of this Act; and also against all Persons, and in respect of all Securities and Sureties where any further Time shall have been allowed under the said Acts, or any or either of them, or this Act, for the Payment of any such Loan, or any Part of any such Loan, in like Manner in every Respect, as if the Bonds, Mortgages, Obligations, or other Securities given, or Sureties who shall have become bound in respect of any Loan, for the Rcpiymerit whereof, or of any Part whereof, any such further Time shall have been or shall be granted, in pursuance of this Act, had been given, renewed, and entered into, or such Sureties had become bound under this Act, as original Bonds, Mortgages, Obligations, Securities, or Sureties.

Commissioners shall have the same Powers as under recited Acts. §9.

[as under 39 and 40 Geo. 3. c. 73. 44 4 9 ] Sureties satisfying Loan shall have the same Remedies against the Principals or Co*Sureties as under recited Acts; and Mortgages taken by the Commissioners as Securities shall remain as Securities for the Re-imbursement to such Sureties, of Money advanced by them. §10.

[as under 39 Geo. 3. c. rr. 44 §12.; 39 and 40 Geo. 3. c. 13. §10.] Three Commissioners may act. §11. Obligations taken by the Commissioners, not liable to Stamp Duty. §12."

A.D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. C. 27, 28. 587

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers

SCHEDULE A.

WE, whose Names are hereunto subscribed, do hereby severally and respectively consent and agree. That the Bonds already executed by us, under several Acts passed in the thirty-fifth, thirty-seventh, thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for granting Relief to Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, as Sureties for A.B. for the Repay fluent of a Loan of Exchequer Bills, made to the said A.B. under the said Act of the Year of his present Majesty's Reign, shall remain and continue as a Security for Repayment of the said Sum of

remaining unpaid on the Loan, with Interest thereon at the Rate of per Centum per Annum, at the extended Periods allowed to the said

by the Commissioners under the said Acts, in the Manner as the same now stand, as a Security for Repayment thereof, by Instalments according to the said Acts: And we further consent and agree* That the said Commissioners shall be at Liberty to grant to the said

the said Extension of Time for Payment, either upon the Security already received for the same, as they in their Discretion shall think fit to accept, either for the Whole of the Money remaining due on the said Loan, or upon such Loan separated and divided into such Parts as shall be allowed by the said Commissioners.

SCHEDULE B.

Commissioners pnder several Acts of Parliament passed for granting Relief to Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, do hereby grant to until the

and no longer, for procuring [and tendering to us, good and sufficient new Security or Securities with Suieties], or [the Consent of

Sureties of the said to remain answerable as such Sureties], under an Act passed in the forty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act, [Here insert the Title of this Act,] for the Repayment of the Sum of with interest due on a Loan of Exchequer Bills made to the said

under the said Acts, and if the said does not produce the same, on or before the said Day of the Securities already given and*

entered Into by the said and his Sureties will be forthwith put in Force

for the recovering the Money due on the said Loan.

SCHEDULE C.

WHEREAS the Sum of was advanced to

in Exchequer Bills on certain Conditions, pursuant to several Acts passed in the thirty-fifth and thirty-niruh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting Relief to Person9 connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent: And whereas the said

hath given Security with Sureties, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament respecting such Relief as aforesaid, for the Repayment of the said Loans by certain Instal-raents, payable at certain Periods, in such Security [sr Securities] mentioned: And whereas the Sum of

still remains unpaid on the said Loan: And whereas an Application has been made to us the said Commissioners for further Extension of the Time for repaying; such Loan: Now we, whose Names are hereunto subscribed, being of*

the Commissioners under the said Acts, do, in pursuance of the Directions contained in an Act passed in* the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act, [Here Jet forth the Title of this Act,] certify, That we have granted and allowed to the said

the further Time or Times], for Repayment of the Sum of [or Instalment or Instalments of the said Sum of

as the Case may be], that is to say, [Recite the Times and Sums.]

---

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Acts made in the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, for the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax.

[31st December 1800.]

'WHEREAS it is expedient that several of the Powers and Provisions contained in the several Acts for the Redemption of the Land Tax should be explained and enlarged;' be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

588 C. 28. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

---

Where Stock is transferred for the Redemption of Land Tax, which ought not to have been, the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt may, on Certificate from the Commissioners for Taxes, retransfer the same, r»nd the Jirttu Commissioners may order Money, paid improperly to Receiver Generals for such Redemption, to be repaid to the Parties.

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, where any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons, have transferred, or may hereafter transfer, to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, on account of the Redemption of Land Tax* any Consolidated or Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, which

ought not to be transferred for that Purpose, then and in such Case, upon a Certificate signed by any three or more of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, that such Bank Annuities ought not to have been so transferred, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, or any one or more of them, and they or he are or is hereby required to re-transfer the said Bank Annuities unto the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons by whom the same were transferred to them; and wherever it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, that any Sum or Sums of Money shall have been paid to any Receiver General or his Deputy, on account of the Redemption of Land Tax, which ought not to have been so paid, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any three or more of them, to order and direct such Receiver General or his Deputy to repay all such Monies to the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons who shall appear to have paid the same, and the Receipt and Receipts of such Bodies Politick or:

Corporate, or Companies, and other Person or Persons, shall be sufficient Dicharges for such Bank Annuities so re-transferred, or Monies so repaid as aforesaid, and all such Dividends and Arrears of Dividend 1

shall be issued from the Receipt of the Exchequer, and be payable at the Bank of England, for and in respect of the said Bank Annuities which shall be so re-transferred, by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, to any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, as would have been payable thereon, in case the same Bank Annuities had not been transferred to the lifud last mentioned Commissioners.

II. And whereas by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for exttniingjrm the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, the Period of Preference^ granted and continued by several Acts to Bodies Corporate and Persons, for the Redemption of Land Tax* and for enlarging several of the Powers contained in the said Acts, it is enabled, That when the Reversion of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, holden by any Lease, which is subject to any Will or Settlement, shall be purchaW 4 by or with the proper Monies of the Person or Persons for the Time being beneficially entitled to the Rents or Profits thereof, the immediate Estates and Interests as well as the Reversion ex pedant thereon, shall be charged with, and made subject to, the Re payment of the principal Money to be advanced for the Purchase of such Reversion, with Interest for the same, as the Commissioners appointed by Letters Patent under the Great Seal fir all direct: Provided, That the Persons entitled successively to the Rents and Profits of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments respectively shall be made chargeable with the Interest accrued during his or her Estate therein, and that no greater Arrear than for one Year shall be recoverable against any Person who shall become entitled in Remainder for Interest accrued during the Estate or Term of any Person or Persons entitled to any preceding Estate or Interest in the Premises Now be it enacted and declared, That the said last recited Provision shall extend to ftaU not extend Purchases, and Contracts for Purchases, made or entered into before the passing of the said last recited to Persons ad- Ad, as well as to those made and entered into after the passing thereof: Provided nevertheless That vancing Money f0 much of the said Provision, as makes the Person entitled to 'the Rents and Profits of such Manors, fhafhofPRever- Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, chargeable with the Interest accrued during his or fions *° wlujVCr~ her Estate therein, shall not extend to the Case of any Person advancing Money for the Purchase of any shall not such Reversion, who shall not be liable to any Covenant, Engagement, or Condition to renew the Lease

be liable to re- at the accustomed Periods, with his or her own Monies, or with or out of the Rents and Profits of the new Leases Estate, unless he or she shall consent thereto in Writing; and in case any such Person, not being liable awn Monies as a^ore^a^» now hath, or ^a^ hereafter become the Purchaser of such Reversion, and not signiqr fiach o.^out onlie* Consent, the said Reversion shall be chargeable with Interest, to accumulate from the Time of kh Rents of the Purchase till the Expiration of the existing Lease, after deduding out of such Interest the

Estate, unless

annual Rent (if any) which shall be payable during the Lease, and which shall have been purebaftd with iey consent the Reversion.

39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 30. §10. recited; and the Proviso extended to Purchases made before the patting of that Act, and so much thereof as makes the Persons enti-tied to the Rents chargeable with the Interest accrued during their Estate therein

38 Geo. 3. c. 60. § in.

No Auction Duty shall be payable for any Part whatever of the Monies arising by Sale of Land;, &c. with the Consent of the Commissioners under the

III. And whereas, by the Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for purchasing and redeeming the Land Tax, it was enacted, That the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which should be sold by Auction according to the Provisions thereof, should be exempt from any Duty payable on Sales by Auction; but Doubts have been entertained, whether the said Duty ought not to be paid in respect of the Surplus Money arising by such Sales, where the Produce exceeds the Sums required to be raised for the Purposes of the said Act:’ Now, for removing such Doubts, be it enacted and declared, That no Duty shall be payable in respect of any Part of the Monirs arising by Sale of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which already have been or shall hereafter be sold under the Powers or Provisions contained in any of the Acts relating to the Redemption and Purchase of Land Tax, with the Consent and Approbation of any of the Commissioners appointed by Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, or by Letters Patent^ under the Great Seal of Great Britain the Purposes of such respective Acts.

several Acts for Redemption of the Land Tax.

A.D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. C. 28. 589

IV. And be it further enacted, That any Deed or Deeds required by the said Acts, or any of them, to be enrolled or registered, shall be valid and effectual, although the same shall not have been enrolled or registered within the Periods prescribed by the said Acts, provided the same be enrolled or registered within six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Persons, Bodies, Corporations, or Companies, who, in their Contracts for the Redemption of Land Tax, have declared an Option to be considered on the Footing of Persons not interested in the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, comprized in such Contracts, and who, by an Act passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, were allowed to make Application to the respective Commissioners appointed under the King’s Sign Manual, at any Time within the Space of three Calendar Months from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred, for the Purpose of exonerating the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments from Land Tax, shall beat Liberty to make Application for that Purpose to the said Commissioners respectively at any Time within the Space of six Calendar Months from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand eight hundred; and that all such Acts, Matters, and Things shall be done by such Persons, Bodies, Corporations, and Companies respectively, for the Purpose of exonerating the said Manors*, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments from Land Tax, as by the said last mentioned Act are required to be done in like cases, within the Period of three Months, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred: Provided always, That in all Cases whe re no additional Consideration shall be to be transferred or paid for such Exoneration, tile said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments shall be exonerated from the said Land Tax only from the End of the Quarter next preceding the Day of the Date of the Certificate of the said Commissioners indorsed upon the Contract where the Declaration of the Option therein shall be (truck out by them, or next preceding the Day of the Date of the Contraft, where the said Commissioners shall rescind the Contract in which the Option shall have been declared, and shall grant a new Contraft; and in all Cases where an additional Consideration shall be to be transferred or paid for such Exoneration, the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall be exonerated from the said Land Tax only from the End of the Quarter next preceding the Day of the Transfer or Payment of such additional Consideration.

VI. And whereas by an Act passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for extending^ from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred, until the twenty fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, the Period of Preference^ granted and con-

or Remainder in any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall have been

or

: or Fee

Simple and Inheritance of any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, subject to the subsisting Interests of the respective Lessees, Copyholders, or other Customary Tenants, for the Purpose of raising Money for the Redemption of Land Tax as therein mentioned, in like Manner and under the like Restrictions, as he, she, or they could or might have done, in case such subsisting Lease- hold and Copyhold Estates and Interests had been granted by him, her, or themNow be it enacted, That where such immediate Reversion or Remainder is or shall be vested in any Mortgagee or Mortgagees, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons not being in the actual Receipt or Perception of and beneficially entitled to the Rents and Services reserved, or due or payable in respect of such subsisting Interests, then and it^ such Case it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons who is or are or shall, for the Time being, be in the actual Receipt or Perception of, and beneficially entitled to, such Rents and Services, to sell and dispose of the Fee Simple and Inheritance of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, subject to the subsisting Interests for the Purpose of and under the Restrictions mentioned or referred to in the said last recited Act, but nevertheless without Prejudice to the Rights and Interests of such Trustee or Trustees, Mortgagee or Mortgagees, or other Person or Persons in whom the immediate Reversion or Remainder shall be vested.

VII. And be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons hath redeemed or shall hereafter redeem his, her, or their Land Tax by or out of his, her, or their own Personal Estate, or by or out of any Trust Property applicable to such Redemption by virtue of the said Act, or by any other Me^ns than by Sale, Mortgage, or Grant to be made under the Provisions of the said Acts; and also where any such Person or Persons shall be entitled under the Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, on the Determination of any precedent Estate, to demand an Assignment of any Contract for the Redemption of Land Tax from the Person or Persons who shall have entered into the same, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, it shall be lawful for all and every such Person or Persons, either for the Purpose of reimbursing all Sums laid out in the Redemption of such Land Tax, or for the Purpose of raising Money to purchase the Assignment of any Contract from the Proprietor or Proprietor^ thereof, to carry into Execution all and every or any of the Powers by the said several Acts given in order to raise Money by Mortgage for the Redemption of Land Tax, in such and the same Manner, and under and subject to such and the same Rules, Restrictions, and Regulations in ail Respects, as such Person or Persons would have been authorised by the said several Acts to carry into Execution the same Powers for

Further Time given to Persons who have in Contrail declared an Option to be considered on the Footing of Persons not interested in the Lands, to apply to the Commissioners for exonerating the same from Land Tax:

[six Months from Dec. *5, 1800, instead of three Months from March 25, as under 39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 30. §12.] From what Periods the Lands shall be exonerated from Tax.

39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 30. §11. recited j and where a Reversion is vested in a Mortgagee or Trustve not in the actual Receipt of the Rents reserved, the Persons in the actual Receipt of such Rents may fell the Fee Simple of the Lands, without prejudice to such Mortgagee, &c.

Persons redeeming their Land Tax by any other Means than Sale, &c. or entitled to an Alignment. from Pure loafers, may raise, Money by Mortgrge, in

the f.mdHVay a* Persons authorized to redeem lie Tax in the urst ln-fUnce.

590 C. 28 - 31. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

[Such Mortgage Money shall be paid under and the Remainder paid into the Bank.]

the purpose of redeeming any such Land Tax in the first Instance: Provided always, That the said Mortgage Money shall not Pilld into the Bank of England, but shall, under the Order of the Commissioners der of the Com- W!i() *ave authorised the Mortgage, be paid to the Person or Persons entitled to the Benefit thereof, missioners who whose Receipt or Receipts, in pursuance of such Order, shall as fully and effectually discharge* the Mortgagee authorized the or Mortgagees as the Receipt or Receipts of the CaQfter of the Bank of England would have done, in case thM'eifons^n ^a, Tle been paid into the Bank pursuant to the Directions of the former Acts; but the Remainder titled^to the " fty (‘f any) of such Mortgage Money shall, in pursuance of such Order, be paid into the Bank of Benefit thereof, England to the same Account, and shall be applied in the same Manner, and the Cashiers of the Bank, or one of them, are or is hereby required to give a Receipt for the same, and to cause the same to be inverted

in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, as if the whole Mortgage Money had been paid into the Bank of England in pursuance of the said Acts.

---

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for further continuing, until the first Day of August one thousand eight hundred and seven, an Act made in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons Serving in his Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land from their Duty and Allegiance to his Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience.

[31st December 1800.]

"37 Geo. 3. c. 70. [continued by 38 Geo 3. c. 6. 39 Geo. 3. c. 4. 39 and 40 Geo. 3. cc. 9. 16.] further continued until August 1, 1807."

CAP. XXX.

An Act for explaining and amending an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for erecting a lazaret on Chetney Hill, in the county of Kent, and for reducing into one act the laws relating to quarantine; and for making further provisions therein, as far as regards the payment of the tonnage duty in the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man.

[31st December 1800.]

'To remove all Doubts whether Ships or Vessels arriving in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, which shall have to perform Quarantine, shall be liable to the same Tonnage Duty as by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

[39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 80.]

An Act for erecting a Lazaret on Chetney Hill in the County of Kent, and for reducing into one Act the Laws relating to Quarantine, and for making further Provision therein, are imposed upon Ships and Vessels so arriving in this Kingdom; be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[From January 5 1801 there shall be levied under the recited Act the same Duties of Customs on Vessels arriving in Guernsey, Jersey, &c. as on Vessels arriving in this Kingdom.]

That, from and after the fifth Day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several and respective Duties of Customs per Ton Burthen, which are in the said Act imposed on Ships and Vessels so arriving in this Kingdom, upon all Ships and Vessels which shall so arrive in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, in like Manner in every Respect whatsoever, as if the said Islands had been mentioned in Customs on the said Act for that Purpose; and such Tonnage Duties may be reduced, and may again be raised and Vessels arriving increased, and shall be collected, paid, recovered, accounted for, and applied, in the same Manner as the Tonnage Duties imposed by the said Act: Provided always, That the Owner of every such Ship or Vessel may demand and receive the just and reasonable Contribution on the Goods imported therein, in the Manner prescribed by the said Act.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for those purposes, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and one; to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and one, to provide admissions duly stamped; to permit such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first day of Michaelmas term one thousand eight hundred and one; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerics of the peace within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for that purpose, until the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and one.

[31st December 1800.]

A.D. 1800. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. C. 32. 591

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for further continuing, until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, several Acts made in the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, and in the last Session of Parliament, for empowering his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government.

[31st December 1800.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed on the twenty-eighth Day of February one thousand eight hundred, intituled,

[39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 20.]

An Act for further continuing, until the first Day of February one thousand eight hundred and one, An Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for further continuing until the first Day of March one thousand eight hundred, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government, which Act was to continue in force until the first Day of February one thousand eight hundred and one, and no longer: And whereas it is necessary for the publick Safety that the Provisions of the said Act passed on the twenty-eighth Day of February one thousand eight hundred, should be continued; be it therefore enacted, &c.

"Persons who are or shall be imprisoned for High Treason, &c. may be detained, till the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament. §1. Act in Scotland of 1701, for preventing wrongous Imprisonment, so far as may relate to Treason, &c. suspended till the same Period. §2. From that Period, Persons so committed shall have the Benefit of all Laws providing for the Liberty of the Subject. §3. Privileges of Parliament shall not be invalidated by this Act. §4. Persons imprisoned, and against whom Indictments for High Treason are already found, shall be tried thereon. §5 Any one of his Majesty's Secretaries of State may order Persons committed on any charge of High Treason, &c. to be conveyed from one Prison to another. Such Removal not to deprive any Person of any Right to be tried or discharged. §6. Persons charged with High Treason, &c. by Warrant of a Principal Secretary of State, and sent from Ireland to Great Britain, by Order of the Lord Lieutenant and six Privy Counsellors, may be detained in Custody in such Place as his Majesty shall think fit. §7. [The first Words of this Section are, "And whereas in the disturbed State," &c. instead of "the present disturbed State," as in former Acts.] But when such Persons are entitled by the Law of Ireland to be tried or discharged, they may apply to the Court of King’s Bench in England, or Court of Justiciary in Scotland, or any Judge of those Courts, who shall order them to be discharged or sent to Ireland. §8. One of his Majesty's secretaries of State may order any Person in Custody on a Charge of High Treason, &c. committed in Ireland, to be detained in Great Britain, until he can be properly sent to Ireland to be tried or discharged. §9. But Persons entitled to their Trial or Discharge, may apply for the same, as under §8. preceding. — §10. Continuance of Act, till the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session and no longer. §11."

592 C. i.—iv. Anno quadragesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1800.

PUBLICK LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

i. AN Act to continue, for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Towcester, through Silverston and Brackley, in the County of Northampton, and Ardley and Middleton Stoney, to Weston Gate, in the Parish of Weston on the Green, in the County of Oxford.

[15th December 1800.]

[30 Geo. 2. c. 48.; 18 Geo 3. c. 87.]

ii. An Act to continue, for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called The Old Gallows, in the Parish of Sunning, in the County of Berks, through Wokingham, New Bracknowl, and Sunning Hill, to Virginia Water, in the Parish of Egham, in the County of Surrey.

[32 Geo. 2. c. 46.; 20 Geo. 3. c. 99.]

[15th December 1800.]

iii. An Act for the better Relief of the Poor in the City of Edinburgh, and the Suburbs thereof, and certain Districts adjoining thereto.

[22d December 1800.]

"This Act is to continue in force till January 1, 1802. By §4. Persons not assessed to the Income Tax are exempted from being assessed under this Act."

iv. An Act for obviating a Doubt arising on the Power of Sale and Exchange contained in a Settlement of the Estates of the Right Honourable Henry Earl Bathurst.

[31st December 1800.]

[Index removed.]

THE END.

ERRATUM.

39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 99. 4to Volume, Page 459, Sect. 24, l. 7. for Persons BY whom the same were so pledged, read, Persons WITH whom the same were so pledged.

Printed by A. Strahan, Printers Street, London.

