THE

Statutes at Large

From the Fifth Year of the Reign of

KING GEORGE the THIRD

To the Tenth Year of the Reign of

KING GEORGE the THIRD, inclusive.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE of the TITLES of all the Publick and Private

Statutes during that Time.

With a COPIOUS INDEX.

VOLUME the TENTH.

LONDON:

Printed for Charles Eyre and William Strahan, Printers to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty:

And by W. Strahan and M. Woodfall; Law Printers to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty.

MDCCLXXI.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Publick and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth, and tenth Years of the Reign of George III.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 5. Georgii III.

1. AN Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited time.

2. An Act for continuing and granting to his certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five.

3. An Act for extending the time granted by an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for allowing his Majesty's Subjects to import their Goods and Effects, being the Produce of certain Places, ceded to France, and Spain by the late Treaty of Peace, upon Payment of the same Duties as they would have been liable to if the same Places had remained in his Majesty's Possession.

4. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes.

5. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five.

6. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

7. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

8. An Act for the more easy.and speedy Recovery of Small Debts. within the Hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley and Beckenham, of Rokesby, otherwise Ruxley, and of Little and Lessness, in the County of Kent.

9. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Hundreds of Chippenham, Calne, and Damerham North, and Lordship or Liberty of Corsham, in the County of Wilts.

10. An Act to permit the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland.

11. An Act for rendering more effectual an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making Experiments of Proposals made for discovering the Longitude.

12. An Act for granting and applying certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, towards further defraying the Expences of defending, protecting, and securing the same;, and for amending such Parts of the several Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade and Revenues of the said Colonies and Plantations, as direct the Manner of determining and recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures therein mentioned.

13. An Act for impowering the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts passed for Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, to collect certain Tolls on Sundays, upon the several Roads therein mentioned, and apply the same for the Purposes of the said Acts.

14. An Act for the more effectual Preservation of Fish in Fish Ponds and other Waters; and Conies in Warrens; and for preventing the Damage done to Sea Banks, within the County of Lincoln, by the breeding Conies therein.

15. An Act for enlarging the Times limited for executing and performing several Provisions, Powers, and Directions, in certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

16. An Act for altering the Times of Payment of certain Annuities, established by two Acts made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

17. An Act to confirm all Leases already made by Archbishops and Bishops, and other Ecclesiastical Persons, of Tythes and other Incorporeal Hereditaments, for one, two, or three Life or Lives, or twenty-one Years; and to enable them to grant such Leases, and to bring Actions of Debt for Recovery of Rents reserved and in Arrear on Leases for Life or Lives.

18. An Act for continuing an Act made in the thirty-first Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for encouraging the Growth and Cultivation of Madder in that Part of Great Britain called England, by ascertaining the Tythe thereof.

19. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five.

20. An Act for explaining and rendering more effectual two Acts, one made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea; and the other in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making Experiments of Proposals made for discovering the Longitude; and to enlarge the Number of Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Act.

21. An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, together with those named in two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax; and for indemnifying Persons who have acted as Commissioners of the Land Tax, by virtue of Estates of or above a certain Value, though the same were not rated or assessed at the Value of one hundred Pounds per Annum; and for limiting a Time within which Suits and Prosecutions shall be commenced, with respect to the Qualifications of Persons who shall act as Commissioners of the Land Tax.

22. An Act for the further Encouragement of the British White Herring Fishery.

23. An Act for granting Annuities, to be attended with a Lottery, to satisfy and discharge certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills; and for charging the Payment of such Annuities on the Sinking Fund.

24. An Act to oblige Agents for Prize Money to account for such Sums of Money as remain in their Hands unclaimed, the Property of any of his Majesty's Land Forces; and for the Application thereof.

25. An Act to alter certain Rates of Postage, and to amend, explain, and enlarge, several Provisions in an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in other Acts relating to the Revenue of the Post Office.

26. An Act for carrying into Execution a Contract made, pursuant to the Act of Parliament of the Twelfth of his late Majesty King George the First, between the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury and the Duke and Dutchess of Atholl, the Proprietors of the Isle of Man, and their Trustees, for the Purchase of the said Island and its Dependencies, under certain Exceptions therein particularly mentioned.

27. An Act to provide for the Administration of the Government, in case the Crown should descend to any of the Children of his Majesty, being under the Age of eighteen Years; and for the Care and Guardianship of their Persons.

28. An Act to impower the High Court of Chancery to layout, upon Government Securities, a Sum of Money therein mentioned, out of the Common and General Cash in the Bank of England belonging to the Suitors of the said Court; and to apply the Interest arising therefrom, towards augmenting the Income of the Matters of the said Court.

29. An Act for repealing the Duties now payable upon Raw Silk imported, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for allowing a Drawback on the Exportation of Raw or Thrown Silk to Ireland, and for prohibiting the Exportation of Raw Silk from Ireland.

30. An Act for more effectually supplying the Export Trade of this Kingdom to Africa, with such Coarse Printed Callicoes, and other Goods of the Product or Manufacture of the East Indies, or other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, as are prohibited to be worn and used in Great Britain; for encouraging the Importation of Bugles into this Kingdom; for the better Supply of the Export thereof; and for discontinuing the Bounty payable in Great Britain, and all Bounties and Allowances in Ireland, upon the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, and Flour, from thence to the Isle of Man.

31. An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties upon Wheat and Wheat Flour imported; and also the Bounty payable on the Exportation of Wheat and Wheat Flour.

32. An Act to enable his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Wheat, Wheaten Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, during the next Recess of Parliament, at such Time, and in such Manner, as the Necessity of the Time may require, and he, in his Wisdom, shall think convenient and needful.

33. An Act to amend and render more effectual, in his Majesty's Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

34. An Act for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and for punishing Militia Men for neglecting their Duty.

35. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on the Exportation of Coals; and of several East India Goods; and upon Policies of Assurance for retaining, upon the Exportation of White Callicoes and Muslins, a further Part of the Duties paid on the Importation thereof; and for obviating a Doubt with respect to Stamp Duties imposed upon Deeds by two former Acts.

36. An Act to explain, amend, and enforce, the several Laws now in being relating to the Raising and Training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England.

37. An Act for laying certain Duties upon Gum Senega and Gum Arabic imported into or exported from Great Britain, and for confining the Exportation of Gum Senega from Africa to Great Britain only.

38. An Act to continue Part of an Act made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual the several Laws now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Publick Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and for making further Provisions for the Preservation of the said Roads.

39. An Act for more effectually preventing the Mischiefs arising to the Revenue and Commerce of Great Britain and Ireland, from the Illicit and Clandestine Trade to and from the Isle of Man.

40. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; for allowing to the Receivers General of the Duties on Offices and Employments in Scotland a Reward for their Trouble; and for allowing further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

41. An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

42. An Act for redeeming one-fourth Part of the Joint Stock of Annuities established by an Act made in the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, in respect of several Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures.

43. An Act for the better securing, and further Improvement, of the Revenue of Customs, Excise, Inland, and Salt Duties; and for encouraging the Linen Manufacture of the Isle of Man; and for allowing the Importation of several Goods the Produce and Manufacture of the said Island, under certain Restrictions and Regulations.

44. An Act for repealing the Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for vesting the Fort of Senegal, and its Dependencies, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; and to vest as well the said Forts and its Dependencies, as all other the British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, lying between the Port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, together with all the Property, Estate, and Effects, of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, in or upon the said Forts, Settlements, and their Dependencies, in his Majesty; and for securing, extending, and improving, the Trade to Africa.

45. An Act for more effectually securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's American Dominions; for repealing the Inland Duty on Coffee, imposed by an Act made in the thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second; and for granting an Inland Duty on all Coffee imported (except Coffee of the Growth of the British Dominions in America); for altering the Bounties and Drawbacks upon Sugars exported; for repealing Part of an Act made in the twenty-third Year of his said late Majesty, whereby Bar Iron made in the said Dominions was prohibited to be exported from Great Britain, or carried Coastwise; and for regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs in the said Dominions.

46. An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Admissions into Corporations or Companies; and for further securing and improving the Stamp Duties in Great Britain.

47. An Act for encreasing the Fund for Payment of the Sums of Money directed, by an Act made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to be applied in Augmentation of the Salaries of the Puisne Judges in the Court of King's Bench, the Judges in the Court of Common Pleas, the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, and the Justices of Chester, and the Great Sessions for the Counties of Wales for the time being; and for applying certain Sums in Augmentation of the Salaries of the said Judges and Justices, and of the Judges in the Courts of Session and Exchequer in Scotland, for a certain Time previous to the Commencement of the Augmentations established by the said Act.

48. An Act for prohibiting the Importation of Foreign manufactured Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, and Silk Gloves, into Great Britain, and the British Dominions; and for rendering more effectual an Act Daffed in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of King Henry, the Seventh, intituled, Silk Works.

49. An Act to prevent the Inconveniencies arising from the present Method of issuing Notes and Bills by the Banks, Banking Companies, and Bankers, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

50. An Act to enlarge the Powers of, and to render more effectual, the several Acts passed in the second, third, and fourth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for Paving, Cleansing, Lighting, and otherwise Regulating, the Squares, Streets, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Parts in the said Acts mentioned; and for extending the Provisions of the said Acts to the Surry Side of Westminster Bridge; and for enlarging the Powers of the said Act with respect to Squares.

51. An Act for repealing several Laws relating to the Manufacture of Woollen Cloth in the County of York; and also so much of several other Laws, as prescribes particular Standards of Width and Length of such Woollen Cloths; and for substituting other Regulations of the Cloth Trade within the West Riding of the said County, for preventing Frauds in certifying the Contents of the Cloth; and for preserving the Credit of the said Manufacture at the Foreign Market.

52. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Wadhurst, in the County of Sussex, to the Turnpike Road at Lamberhurst Pound and Pullen's Hill, in the County of Kent; and from the Top of Pullen's Hill, through the Parishes of Horsmonden, Marden, Yalden, and West Farley, to West Farley Street, in the said County of Kent.

53. An Act for continuing the Terms of several Acts, and for giving further Powers for repairing the Road from Chatteris Ferry to Hammond's Eau and Somersham Bridge, and for amending and widening the Road from Somersham Bridge to the Sheep Market in Saint Ives; and also the Road branching out of the said Road near Stocks Bridge, through Needingworth to Earith, in the County of Huntingdon.

54. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Dunham Ferry, to the South End of Great Markham Common, in the County of Nottingham.

55. An Act to continue the Term, and to vary and enlarge the Powers, of an Act passed in the twenty fifth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wallingford, in the County of Berks, to Wantage, and from thence to Faringdon, and also from Wantage to Idson, in the said County, so far as the same relate to the Road Heading from Wallingford to Wantage, and from thence to Faringdon; and for discontinuing the said Term and Powers, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from Wantage to Idson; and for repairing the Road leading from the North East Corner of Nuffield Common, by the Parish Church of Nuffield, otherwise Tuffield, in the County of Oxford, to the Commencement of the said Turnpike Road leading from Wallingford to Wantage.

56. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Porthaethway Ferry to Holyhead, in the County of Anglesey.

57. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keening in Repair, the Roads leading from the Village of Milford, in the County of Surrey, through Petworth, to the Top of Dunckton Hill, and from Petworth to Stopham Bridge, in the County of Sussex.

58. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Reads in and near Great Torrington, in the County of Devon.

59. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Quay at Lymington, in the County of Southampton.

60. An Act for continuing and rendering more effectual, two Acts passed in the twelfth Year of King George the First, and the twentieth of his late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Essex and Suffolk; and for repairing and widening several other Roads in the Counties of Essex and Hertford.

61. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to and from Crewkerne, in the County of Somerset.

62. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts of the thirteenth of George the First, and of the sixteenth of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts; and for amending several other Roads near the said Town; and for repealing so much of an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, in the said County, as relates to the Road within the Town of Heytesbury; and for Other Purposes therein mentioned.

63. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road at Kipping's Cross, in the Parish of Brenchley, in the County of Kent, through the Parishes of Brenchley, Horsmonden, and Goudhurst, by the Left Hand Side of Iden Green, to the Turnpike Road on Witsley Green, in the Parish of Cranbrooke; and from a Place near Goudhurst Gore, through the Parish of Marden, to Stile Bridge in the said Parish, and from Underden Green, in Marden aforesaid, to Wanshutt's Green, in the County of Kent.

64. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurst Green, in the County of Sussex, through Etchingham and Burwash, to the Extent of the said Parish of Burwash, in the said County.

65. An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Alhallows on the Well, in the City of London, and for rebuilding the House belonging to the Rector of the said Parish; and for purchasing several Pieces of Ground and Tenements thereon, to render the Passages to and from the said Church and House more commodious.

66. An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of an Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Mullens Pond, in the County of Southampton, to the eighteen Mile Stone from the City of Salisbury, and several other Roads in the Act mentioned; and also for repairing and widening several other Roads leading out of the said Roads, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

67. An Act for amending the Road from the Pinfold in Balhb, in the County of York, to Worksop, in the County of Nottingham.

68. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road at Wrotham Heath, in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godstone, in the County of Surry.

69. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the South End of Newton Abbott to the Passage Way in Kinswear, opposite Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, and from the End of a Lane leading out of the Turnpike Road between Newton Abbot, and Totnes, towards Abbots Kerswell, to Five Lanes; and from Langvers Barn to the said Turnpike Road, between Newton Abbott and Totnes; and from Galmpton Warborough to Monks Bridge and BrLxham Quay; and from Langvers Barn to the North End of Paington Town, all in the County of Devon.

70. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Keyberry Bridge to the Passage at Shalldon; and from the said Bridge to the Pier or Harbour of Torkey, in the County of Devon.

71. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone, and from Watts Cross to Cowden, in the County of Kent.

72. An Act for amending and widening the Road from the Sign of the Coach and Horses in Birstall, to the Turnpike Road at Nunbrook; and from Bradley Lane to the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

73. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Great Grimsby Haven, at or near a Place called the Upper Sand End, to Wold Newton Church; and from Nuns Farm to the Mill Field, in the Parish of Irby, in the County of Lincoln.

74. An Act for enlarging the Powers of several Acts for repairing the Road from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath and the Town of Cambridge, and from Foulmire to Cambridge, and other Roads adjoining thereto, so far as the same relate to the Road from Foulmire to Cambridge, and the said other Roads adjoining thereto.

75. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, as relates to the Road from Penn Inn, in the County of Dorset, to the Work-house at the East End of the Town of Honiton, in the County of Devon, and to the Road from the Intrenchment on Askerwell Hill to Penn Inn, and from Bridport to Beamister; and for repairing and amending several other Roads therein mentioned in the Counties of Dorset and Devon.

76. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Kidwelly, in the County of Carmarthen; and also several Roads leading from Llandilo, in the said County.

77. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of the ninth and twelfth Years of Queen Anne, and of the thirteenth of King George the First, and of the fourteenth of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways leading from Royston, in the County of Hertford, to Wansford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon so far as relates to the Middle and South Divisions of the Road comprised in the said Acts; and for amending the Road from the Town of Huntingdon to the Causeway at or near the West End of the Town of Somersham, in the said County of Huntingdon.

78. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Welford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, through Husband's Bosworth and Great Wigston, to Milston Lane, in the Town of Leicester.

79. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the third Year of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of Cambridge to Ely, and from thence to Soham; and for building a Bridge cross the River Ouze, at or near a Place called Stretham Ferry, in the County of Cambridge; and for repairing and widening, and making several other Roads, adjoining to the Roads directed to be repaired and widened by the said Act.

80. An Act for continuing the Terms of several Acts, and for giving further Powers for repairing the Road leading from Chapel on the Heath, in the County of Oxford, to Bourton on the Hill, in the County of Gloucester.

81. An Act for Cleansing and Lighting the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the Towns of Manchester and Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for providing Fire Engines and Fire Men; and for preventing Annoyances within the said Towns.

82. An Act to enlarge certain Powers granted by an Act passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate, and for cleansing, amending, and preserving, the Haven of Sandwich.

83. An Act for amending the Road from Chatteris Ferry, through Chatteris and marshy to Wisbech Saint Peters; and from thence to Tid Gote, in the Isle of Ely; and from Wisbech aforesaid, through Outwell, to Downham Bridge, in the County of Norfolk; and for repealing the several Acts for repairing the said Road between Wisbech and March.

84. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Newcastle under Line to Hassop; and from Middle Hills to the Macclesfield Turnpike Road, near Buxton; and also the Road branching out of the said first mentioned Road at Cobridge, to Burslem; and to the Utoxeter Turnpike at Shelton, in the County of Stafford.

85. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Bawtry Bridge, in the County of Nottingham, to Hainton, in the County of Lincoln; and from North Willingham to the North End of the Lane betwixt Dexthorpe and Langton, and from West Raisin to Pilford Bridge; and from the Great Road near Bishop Bridge to Bishop Norton Common; and from the Hamlet of Morton to Epworth; and from Haxey Field, to the Trent at Kinnald Ferry, in the County of Lincoln.

86. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the High Road from the Town of Shrewsbury through Cressage, Harley, Much Wenlock, by Muckley Cross, and through Morville to Bridgenorth, in the County of Salop; and for amending several other Roads near or adjoining thereto.

87. An Act to amend several Acts passed in the fourth and sixth Years of King George the First, and in the eleventh and twenty-fourth Years of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads from the Stones End in Kent Street, and Bermondsy Street, Southwark, to Dartford, and to the Extent of the Parish of Lewisham, next Bromley and Beckingham, in the County of Kent; and for extending the said Acts to the Repair of the Roads leading from the End of the present Turnpike to the West End of Stroud Green, and to Farnborough Well, and to the Stones End in London Street, Greenwich, and to the North End of Burnt Ash Lane, in the Parish of Lee, and from the West End of Greenwich Park Wall to Woolwich Warren; and for making an Allowance out of the Tolls arising by the said Acts to the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of the twenty-second Year of King George the Second, for opening and making a new Road from the East End of New Street, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned; and for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future.

88. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Barton Waterside-house to Riseham Edge Corner, and several other Roads in the County of Lincoln, therein mentioned.

89. An Act for the building a Bridge over the River Tay, at or near the Town of Perth, in the County of Perth.

90. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Alfreton Turnpike Road, near a Place called Little Robins, in the Parish of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, through Woolley Moor, to the Nottingham Turnpike Road near Tansley, in the County of Derby and from Woolley Moor, to the Chesterfield Turnpike Road at Kelslidge, in the County of Derby.

91. An Act for vesting certain Glebe Lands, belonging to the Rectory of the Parish Church of Saint Christopher, in the City of London, in the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; and for making a Recompence to the Rector of the said Parish, and his Successors, in lieu, thereof; and for obviating certain Doubts in an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the City of London.

92. An Act for explaining and amending, and likewise for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset.

93. An Act for repairing, widening, turning, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Port Town and Borough of Minehead, through Dunster and Timberscombe, to Hele Bridge, and through the Town of Dulverton, and by the River and Brushford Green to Exbridge, in the County of Somerset, and from thence to Batham Bridge, in the Town of Bampton, in the County of Devon; and also the Road leading from the said Port Town and Borough of Minehead, through Carhampton and Billbrooke to Harrow Gate, in the Parish of Stogumber, in the County of Somerset; and also the Road leading from Carhampton aforesaid, through the Town of Watchet, in the Parish of Saint Decumans, in the County of Somerset, to or near the Village of Rydon, and by Long Cross Barn, to the End of the Bridgewater Turnpike Road, in the Town of Nether Stowey, in the County of Somerset; and also from the said Town of Watchet to Tower Hill, in the Village of Williton, in the Parish of Saint Decumans, and from the said Town of Watchet, by Way of Five Bells, to Fair Cross, and from thence to Stickle Path, over Brendon Hill, to Robery Lane, and to Bampton, in the said County of Devon.

94. An Act for repairing the Church of the United Parishes of All Saints and Saint John, in the Town of Hertford.

95. An Act for repairing and widening the Road, leading from a Street called The Hundred, at Romsey, through Chilworth, to the River at Swathling, in the County of Southampton, and for consecting the same with the Road leading from the City of Winchester, through Hursley, to Chandler's Ford; and from Hursley aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road at Romsey aforesaid; and also for repairing and widening the Road leading from the River at Swathling aforesaid, through Botley, to the Turnpike Road at Sherril Heath, in the said County of Southampton.

96. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Alford to Boston, and from thence to Cowbridge, in the County of Lincoln.

97. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, in the Hundreds of Loes, and Wilford, in the County of Suffolk.

98. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Crossford Bridge to Manchester, and for amending the Road from Crossford Bridge aforesaid, to a certain Place in Altrincham, in the County of Palatine of Chester.

99. An Act for amending and widening the Road, from the City of York, by Grimston Smithy, to Kexby Bridge, and from Grimston Smithy aforesaid, to a certain Gate, at the Upper End of Garraby Hill, in the County of York.

100. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Saxon's Lane End, in the County of Lancaster, and from the Cross, in Ashton Under Line, in the said County of Lancaster, to Doctor's Lane Head, in the County of York; and also the Road branching out of the first-mentioned Road, in the Township of Bredbury, to Mottram, in the said County of Chester.

101. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Little Bridge, over the End of the Drain, next Wisbeach River, lying between Roper's Fields, and the Bell Inn in Wisbeach, in the Isle of Ely, to the Sign of the Bear in Walsoken, in the County of Norfolk; and from Walsoken Bridge, lying over the same Drain, to the said Sign of the Bear, and to Lord's Bridge, in Islington; and from thence to the West Ends of Maudlin Bridge and German's Bridge in the County of Norfolk; and from the East End of German's Bridge aforesaid to the West End of Long Bridge, in South Lynn, in the Borough of King's Lynn, in the said County of Norfolk; and from Islington aforesaid, to Cross Keys Wash, in the said County.

102. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads, leading from between the second and third Mile Stones, on the Turnpike Road between the Town and County of Poole, and Winborne Minster, in the County of Dorset, to Bratton Corner, in the County of Somerset.

103. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty, for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Ratcliffe Highway, through Cannon Street, in the County of Middlesex, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned; and for lighting, watching, and watering, the said Roads.

104. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Towns of Shepton Mallet and Ivelchester, in the County of Somerset; and for repairing the Roads from Shepton Mallet to Leighton, and from Shepton Mallet to Long Cross Bottom.

105. An Act lot repairing and widening the Road, from the Turnpike Road in Banbury, in the County of Oxford, through Daventre, and Cottesbach, to the South End of Mill Field, in the Parish of Lutterworth, in the County of Leicester.

106. An Act to continue the Term and render more effectual an Act passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Spalding High Bridge, through Littleworth, and by Frognall, and over James Deeping Stone Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Maxey Outgang, in the County of Northampton, adjoining to the High Road there.

107. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Great Bridge, in the Borough of Warwick, through Southam and Daventry, to the Town of Northampton.

108. An Act for amending and widening the Road from the North End of Old Malton Gate, in the Town and Borough of New Malton, to the Town of Pickering, in the County of York.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 5 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Podington, in the County of Bedford.

2. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Lanes, and Waste Ground, within the Manors and Parish of Hardingstone and Cotton, in the County of Northampton.

3. An Act for naturalizing John William Plauel, John James Long, Jacob Nadal, and Christopher Henry Baumer.

4. An Act for naturalizing Luder Lang.

5. An Act for naturalizing Christian James Strackhoven.

6. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, Common Fields, Meadows, and Grounds, lying in the Hamlet of Donnington, in the Parish of Stow on the Wold, in the County of Gloucester.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the Manor, Hamlet, and Tything, of Westcote, in the Parish of Waddesdon, in the County of Bucks.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor of Long Eaton, in the Parish of Sawley, in the County of Derby.

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Grounds, within the Township of Ulrome, otherwise Owram in Holderness, in the County of York.

10. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of North Kilworth, in the County of Leicester.

11. An Act for annexing the Rectory of Colerne, in the County of Wilts, to the Office of Warden of the College of Saint Mary, of Winchester in Oxford.

12. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Ann Wilson, Widow, and Ann Wilson, her Daughter, an Infant, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same.

13. An Act to enable Richard Duppa, Clerk (heretofore called Richard Hancorn) and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Duppa, pursuant to the Will of Baldwin Duppa Esquire, deceased.

14. An Act to enable William Agor, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Turnor.

15. An Act to enable John Jennings Esquire (now called John Smith) and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Smith, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Smith, deceased.

16. An Act to enable William Marwood Esquire, lately called William Metcalfe, and his Issue, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Marwood, pursuant to the Will of Jane Turner, Widow, deceased.

17. An Act to enable William Nevile Blondeau Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Hart.

18. An Act to enable Benjamin Francis Tribe Esquire (and his Heirs) to take and use the Surname of Poole, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth Ludwell, deceased.

19. An Act for naturalizing Dirk Jager, of the City of London, Merchant.

20. An Act for naturalizing Andrew Fuhrer, and Rene Labutte.

21. An Act for naturalizing John Elias Jaquery, Peter Samuel Darbonnier, Daniel Henriod, John James Osvald, and John Francis Anthony Rivax.

22. An Act for naturalizing Peter Anthony Sapte, and David Francis Sapte.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship and Parish of Flamborough, in the County of York.

24. An Act for dividing and allotting the Commons or Wastes, and the Common Fields, and Ings, in the Manor and Township of Everingham, in the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Townships and Hamlets of Horley and Hornton, in the Parish of Horley aforesaid, in the County of Oxford.

26. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open Fields, Meadows, and Stinted Pastures, in the Township of Fenton, in the Parish of Kettlethorp, in the County of Lincoln, and a certain Free Common, called The East Moor, in the same Parish.

27. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Pastures, in the Township and Parish of Newton, in the County of Lincoln, and certain Rights of Pasture in Kettlethorpe, in the said County.

28. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Manor of Wellingborough, formerly belonging to the College of Irtlingborough, and in the Parish of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, lying within the Parish of Lowdham, in the County of Nottingham.

30. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Benton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

31. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in Ellerker, in the Parish of Brantingham, in the East Riding of the County of York.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in Brantingham, and Thorpe Brantingham, in the Parish of Brantingham, in the East Riding of the County of York.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Heath, and Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places, in the Lordship and Liberties of Draycot, in the Parish of Bourton, in the County of Warwick.

34. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Common Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Denford, in the County of Northampton.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Twywell, in the County of Northampton.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Snitfield, otherwise Snitterfield, in the County of Warwick.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Lands and Grounds, lying in the Parish of Bretserton, in the County of Worcester.

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Rothwell, in the County of Lincoln.

39. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Grounds, lying in the Parish of Lenchwick and Norton, and the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Pieces or Parcels of Land, in the Parishes of Doncaster and Cantley; and for draining and preserving the said Lands, and also several other Lands and Grounds, in the several Parishes of Rossington and Wadworth, in the West Riding of the County of York

41. An Act for confirming the Allotments of, and for inclosing, the Common and several Waste Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Sebraham, otherwise Sebergham, in the County of Cumberland.

42. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common called Scarning Common, and the Greens called Pound Green, Pope's Green, and Bett’s Green, lying within the several Manors of Scarning Hall, Drayton Hall, and Northern Hall, Scarning Parva, Guntons, and Rougholme, on the Part of Hoe, or some or one of them, and in the Parish of Scarning, in the County of Norfolk.

43. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Parish and Liberties of Spratton, in the County of Northampton.

44. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Cropton, in the County of York, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

45. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, divers Parcels of Common or Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Appleton and Lymm, in the County of Chester.

46. An Act for inclosing and dividing several Lands and Grounds, in the Township of Kirkhammerton, in the Parish of Kirkhammerton, in the County of York.

47. An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed to be made between Thomas Holles Duke of Newcastle, and Margaret Cavendish Dutchess Dowager of Portland, of several Parts of their settled Estates, in the County of Nottingham; and for settling the Lands given in Exchange to each Party, to such Uses, as the Lands for which the same are exchanged stood settled.

48. An Act for vesting an Estate, called Woodlands, in the County of Wilts, belonging to the Master, Fellows, and Scholars, of the College, called Clare Hall, in the University of Cambridge, in William Earl of Shelburne, and his Heirs.

49. An Act for confirming and establishing an Agreement between the Master, Brethren, and Sisters, of the Hospital of the Lord Hastings of Loughborough, founded at Stoke Poges, in the County of Bucks, and Thomas Penn Esquire, for exchanging certain Lands and Premisses in Stoke Poges aforesaid; and for rendering the said Agreement more effectual, for the Purposes thereby intended.

50. An Act to enable Fanny Fowler, Spinster, a Minor, to convey, assign, and settle, her Real and Personal Estate, in the Manner therein mentioned, on her intended Marriage with Sir Brooke Bridges Baronet.

51. An Act for Sale of certain Lands in the County of Kent, settled upon the Rector of the Parish of Saint George Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex; and for applying the Money arising thereby, in Manner therein mentioned, for the Benefit of the said Rector.

52. An Act to apply a certain Sum of Money arising by the Sale of a House in Tetbury, in the County of Gloucester, and by Donations of several Persons, for rebuilding the Parish Church and Chancel of Tetbury, aforesaid.

53. An Act for the Sale of Lands and Tenements, in the County of Cumberland, late the Estate of William Dobinson Gentleman, deceased, for the Benefit of the Children of Joseph Banks, his Nephew, deceased.

54. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Nixon, with Hester Spencer, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

55. An Act to enable Brigg Price Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Fountaine, and to bear the Arms of Sir Andrew Fountaine Knight, deceased.

56. An Act for naturalizing Henrietta Rosa Peregrina Townshend, Wife of James Townshend Esquire.

57. An Act for naturalizing John His, John Henry Ernst, John Michael Platz, and Rudolph Lemann.

58. An Act for naturalizing Charles Frederick Hempel, James Janot, Christopher John Schultz, John Gottfried Klatz, Erdmann Christopher Riemann, and Bernhard Johann Fleischmann.

59. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Houghton on the Hill, in the County of Leicester.

60. An Act for dividing and inclosing Walkden Moor, and a Part of a Parcel of Moss Ground, called Chatmoss, within the Manor of Worsley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

61. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, in Burton Overy, in the County of Leicester.

62. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Aukbrough in the County of Lincoln.

63. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Emload, in the County of Worcester.

64. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors or Commons, in the Parish of Wolfingham, in the County Palatine of Durham.

65. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Hartshorn, in the County of Derby.

66. An Act for inclosing and dividing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Common Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Tetford, in the County of Lincoln.

67. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Wilford, in the County of Nottingham.

68. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all the Commonable Lands and Grounds, in Grimston, in the County of Leicester.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing two Moors, or Commons, within the Barony and Manor of Warke, and Parish of Symondburn, in the County of Northumberland.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Arable Fields, in the Parishes of North Cockerington and South Cockerington, in the County of Lincoln.

71. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields and Grounds, within the several Parishes of Keelby and Stallingbrough, in the County of Lincoln.

72. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and Common Pallure, Common Meadow, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Lordship of Carlton upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham.

73. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Fen, in the Parishes of Aslackby and Dowsby, in the County of Lincoln; and for draining and improving the said Fen: and also certain inclosed Low Grounds adjoining to the said Fen.

74. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Fen Grounds, Moors, Sheep-walks, Wood Ings, Sike Closes, Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Branston, in the County of the City of Lincoln.

75. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Ground, in the Lordship and Liberties of Granburrow, in the County of Warwick.

76. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, of and in the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Long Buckby, in the County of Northampton, exclusive of that Part of the Hamlet of Murcot which lies in the said Parish.

77. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Land, within the Barony or Manor of Bulbeck, in the County of Northumberland.

78. An Act for extinguishing certain Rights of Common, in the Parish of Lutcham, alias Litcham, in the County of Norfolk.

79. An Act for inclosing and dividing the High and Low Commons of Austerfield, in the County of York.

80. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Undivided Inclosures, Commons, and Wastes, lying and being within the Parish of Wadworth, in the West Riding of the County of York.

81. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Hamlets of Ashford and Sheldon, in the Parish of Bakewell, and County of Derby.

82. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Elford, in the County of Stafford.

83. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Common Field, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Somerton, in the County of Oxford.

84. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Township and Hamlet of Shutford, in the Parish of Swalcliffe, in the County of Oxford.

85. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, called The High and Low Commons, in the Parish of Tickhill, in the Counties of York and Nottingham.

86. An Act for draining and improving certain Low, Marsh, and Fen Lands, lying between Boston Haven and Bourn, in the Parts of Kesteven and Holland in the County of Lincoln.

87. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Dorothy late Countess Dowager of Burlington, lying in the Counties of Middlesex, York, and Lincoln, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed in Manner therein mentioned; and for investing Part of the Money arising by such Sale, in discharging a Mortgage Debt aftecting the same Premisses, and the Residue thereof in the Purchase of other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as the said settled Estates do now stand limited, or so many of them as shall be then existing.

88. An Act for vesting certain undivided Parts or Shares belonging to the Honourable John Saint John, an Infant, and Edward Dering, also an Infant, of and in several Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out of the Money arising by the Sale thereof, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be conveyed to the Use of the said John Saint John and Edward Dering, respectively, and their respective Heirs; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

89. An Act for making the Portions provided by the Marriage Settlement of Sir George Trevelyan Baronet, and Dame Julia his Wife, for their younger Children, vested Interests, so that the same may be raised and paid, notwithstanding the Deaths of such Children in the Life-time of their Father; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

90. An Act for vesting the Barony or Manor of Shipbrook, in the County of Chester, Part of the Estate of Henry Vernon Esquire, comprised in his Marriage Settlement, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Money to discharge the Debts and Incumbrances charged upon and affecting the same, previous to the said Settlement; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

91. An Act for settling Part of the settled Estates of Robert Dolman Esquire in Pocklington, and elsewhere, in the County of York, for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances of himself and Robert Dolman the younger, his eldest Son, affecting the same; and for making Provision for Robert Dolman the younger, and for the younger Children of Robert Dolman the elder.

92. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Christopher Crowe Esquire, in the County of York, in him in Fee Simple; and for settling other Estates, in the same. County, in lieu thereof.

93. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of John Knowsley, and Elizabeth his Wife, in the County of York, in Trustees to be conveyed pursuant to certain Articles for the Purchase thereof; and for laying out the Money thereby stipulated to be paid in the Purchase of other. Lands, to be charged and settled in Manner as therein mentioned.

94. An Act for vesting certain Estates, late of Elizabeth Carey Widow, deceased, in the County of Middlesex, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell and convey the same to Robert Child Esquire, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, to be secured and transferred in Manner therein mentioned; and for other Purposes.

95. An Act for divesting out of the Heir at Law, or other legal Representative or Representatives of Edmund Neeler deceased, the several Freehold Estates of the late William Westbrook Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Middlesex, Bucks, Kent, and Surrey, and in the City of London; and for vesting the same in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed to such Persons as may already have contracted, or shall hereafter contract, to become the Purchasers of any Parts or Shares thereof, under the Directions of the Court of Chancery.

96. An Act for Sale of the Copyhold Estates late of Doctor Robert Taylor, deceased, and for laying out the Money arising thereby, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

97. An Act to confirm and establish Exchanges of Land, at Dorking in Surrey, between Charles Howard Esquire, and Edward Walter Esquire; and between the said Charles Howard and Jonathan Tyers Esquire.

98. An Act for vesting Part of the Real Estate of Mary Phelps Widow, deceased, given and devised by her Will, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, Legacies, and Incumbrances.

99. An Act for vesting several Freehold and Copyhold Estates, in the several Counties of Essex, Suffolk, Bucks, and Middlesex, and in the City of London, in Trustees, for the Sale thereof, in order to discharge the several Legacies or Portions bequeathed by the Will of William Hollingworth Esquire, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

100. An Act for Sale of the Estates comprised in the Marriage Settlement of John Bristow Esquire, in the County of Norfolk; and for applying the Monies arising thereby in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses contained in the said Settlement.

101. An Act for making a Partition of divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Lincoln and York, late the Estate of Edward Ayscough deceased, which, upon his Death, belonged to his four Daughters and Coheirs; and for settling the Lands and Hereditaments, to be allotted upon the said Partition, to the several Uses limited, of their several undivided Shares thereof respectively.

102. An Act for Sale of the Freehold Estate late of Amie Broxolme Widow, deceased, in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Freehold Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof.

103. An Act for naturalizing Louisa Rudolphina Wale, and Gregory Wale.

104. An Act to naturalize Benedict Paul Warner.

105. An Act for naturalizing Sobine Louise Winn.

106. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Lands and Grounds, undivided Inclosures, Commons, and Wastes, in or near the Village or Hamlet of Marsborough, in the Township of Kimberworth, and in the Parish of Rotherham, in the County of York.

107. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common Pastures, of Scalford, in the County of Leicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields.

108. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Felmersham, in the County of Bedford.

109. An Act for vesting divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of York, Cumberland, Northumberland, and Durham, late the Estate of Henry Earl of Carlisle, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold and disposed of, in and for the Payment of his Debts, Legacies, and Incumbrances, and other the Purposes in his Will mentioned.

110. An Act to enable John Lord Bellew, Baron of Duleek, in the Kingdom of Ireland, more effectually to exercise his Power, to raise certain Sums therein mentioned, out of his settled Estates in the said Kingdom, for the Portions of younger Children.

111. An Act for Vesting the Estate late of Peter Wyche Esquire, at Goadby, alias Godeby Marwood, in the County of Leicester, in Trust, to be conveyed to the Most Noble John Marquis of Granby, or as he shall appoint; and for applying the Purchase Money in Manner and for the Purposes therein mentioned.

112. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor or Manors, and Parish of Syresham, otherwise Siseham, in the County of Northampton.

113. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields and Waste Ground, in the Parish of Braithwell, in the County of York.

114. An Act to enable Jeremiah Rayment the younger Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Hadsley, pursuant to the Will of Robert Hadsley Esquire, deceased.

115. An Act for naturalizing Henry de Missey, and Gabriel Le Royer.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 6 Georgii III.

1. AN Act to continue an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time.

2. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six.

3. An Act for allowing the Importation of Corn and Grain, from his Majesty's Colonies in America, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

4. An Act for allowing the Importation of Oats and Oatmeal into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, Duty-free.

5. An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, for a limited Time.

6. An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley and Beckenham, of Rokesley otherwise Ruxley, and of Little and Lessness, in the County of Kent, to the Hundred of Wallington in the County of Surrey.

7. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to the several Acts of Parliament now in Force for that Purpose, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped.

8. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

9. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six.

10. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

11. An Act to repeal an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting and applying certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, towards further defraying the Expences of defending, protecting, and securing the same; and for amending such Parts of the several Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade and Revenues of the said Colonies and Plantations, as direct the Manner of determining and recovering the Penalties and Forfeiture therein mentioned.

12. An Act for the better securing the Dependency of his Majesty's Dominions in America upon the Crown and Parliament of Great Britain.

13. An Act to remove a Doubt concerning such Part of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the ascertaining of the Duties upon the Importation of certain Linen Cloth of the Manufacture of Russia and to obviate all Doubts with respect to the Importation of Tea, under certain Licences authorised to be granted by an Act made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty.

14. An Act for repealing the Duties granted upon Cyder and Perry by an Act made in the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and for granting other Duties on Cyder and Perry in lieu thereof; and for more effectually securing the Duties on Cyder and Perry imposed by several former Acts.

15. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six.

16. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City of Bath, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof.

17. An Act for explaining and amending so much of an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of King James the Second, intituled An additional Act for the improvement of Tillage, as relates to the City of London.

18. An Act to amend and render more effectual, in his Majesty's Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

19. An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the Trade and Manufacture of Leather Gloves and Mitts in this Kingdom.

20. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough of Derby, and the Liberties thereof.

21. An Act for redeeming one third Part of the Remainder of the Joint Stock of Annuities, established by an Act made in the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, in respect of several Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures.

22. An Act to regulate the Loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland.

23. An Act to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing several Laws relating to the Manufacture of Woollen Cloth in the County of York; and also so much of several other Laws as prescribes particular Standards of width and Length of such Woollen Cloths; and for substituting other Regulations of the Cloth Trade within the West Riding of the said County; for preventing Frauds in certifying the Contents of the Cloth; and for preserving the Credit of the said Manufacture at the Foreign Market.

24. An Act for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the same; and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages, adjoining thereto; and for preventing Annoyances therein.

25. An Act for better regulating Apprentices, and Persons working under Contract.

26. An Act for the better paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the City of London, and the Liberties thereof; and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances within the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

27. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the Powers of an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof; and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the same; and for ether Purposes therein mentioned.

28. An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited Time; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture.

29. An Act to prevent the fraudulent marking of Framework Knitted Pieces, and Stockings.

30. An Act for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven Hundred and sixty-six; and for explaining, amending, and rendering mote effectual, several Acts of Parliament passed in the second, fourth, and fifth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, relating to the raising and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England.

31. An Act for taking down and removing certain Light-houses now standing near the Spurn Point, at the Mouth of the Humber, and for erecting other fit and convenient Light-houses instead thereof.

32. An Act to extend an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for the further preventing Robbery, Burglary, and other Felonies, and for the more effectual Transportation of Felons and unlawful Exporters of Wool, and for declaring the Law upon same Points relative to Pirates; to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, so far as the said Act relates to the more effectual Transportation of Felons; and for amending and rendering more effectual the Laws for restraining Muirburn, in forbidden Time, in that Part of the United Kingdom.

33. An Act to enable his Majesty to exchange the Lands of Fernan and Lix, in the County of Perth, for other Lands belonging to the Right Honourable John Earl of Breadalbane, in Pitkellony, in the said County of Perth.

34. An Act for widening several Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, within the City of Bristol, and for opening several new Streets and Passages within the same; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the Powers of the several Acts passed for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating, the Streets, and other Places, within the said City, and Liberties thereof.

35. An Act to continue an Act made in the thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for continuing, amending, explaining, and making more effectual, an Act made in the nineteenth Year of his said Majesty, more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Places therein mentioned.

36. An Act for encouraging the Cultivation, and for the better Preservation of Trees, Roots, Plants, and Shrubs.

37. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the better regulating of Buildings, and to prevent Mischiefs that may happen by Fire, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other Places therein mentioned.

38. An Act for repealing the several Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights; and for granting to his Majesty other Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights.

39. An Act for raising the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the Sinking Fund.

40. An Act for explaining and amending such Part of an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to certain Duties on Wines imported; for the more easy collecting, and effectually securing, the Stamp Duties for Copies of Court Rolls; for Relief of Persons who have omitted to insert in Indentures, or other Writings, the full Sum agreed to be paid with Clerks, Apprentices, and other Servants; for amending, such Parts of two Acts made in the last Session of Parliament, as relate to certain East India Goods, and Bugles, exported to Africa; for permitting a certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, to be exported from Great Britain to the Isle of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there; for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Coals, free from the Payment of the Duty granted by an Act made in the last Session of Parliaments to the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney; and for obviating certain Doubts with respect to the Importation of Oats and Oat-meal, under the Authority of an Act made in this present Session of Parliament.

41. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

42. An Act to continue an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for importing Salt from Europe, into the Province of Quebec in America, for a limited Time.

43. An Act for explaining, amending, and further enforcing, the Execution of two several Acts, one made in the twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, and the other in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the Amendment and Preservation of the publick Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and for obliging Mortgagees taking Possession of Toll-gates on Turnpike Roads, and Toll gatherers appointed by them, to account.

44. An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the Premium upon Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America; to the securing the Duties upon Foreign made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign made Sails with a Duty; and for enlarging the Times limited for executing and performing several Provisions, Powers, and Directions, in Acts of this Session of Parliament.

45. An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British made Cordage; and for discontinuing the Drawbacks upon Foreign rough Hemp exported.

46. An Act for explaining Part of an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, relating to the Removal for Home Consumption of Spirits made for Exportation; for laying an additional Duty upon the Importation of Silk Crapes and Tiffanies; for allowing the Exportation of a certain Quantity of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic to Ireland, free of Duty, for the Use of the Manufacturers there; for permitting the Importation into this Kingdom, from the Isle of Man, of a certain Quantity of Bugles; and for altering certain Regulations relating to the Tonnage of Ships exporting and importing Spirits.

47. An Act for laying additional Duties on certain Spirits imported; and for prolonging the Time allowed by Law for lodging and keeping in Warehouses Rum and Spirits imported.

48. An Act for the better Preservation of Timber Trees, and of Woods and Underwoods; and for the further Preservation of Roots, Shrubs, and Plants.

49. An Act for opening and establishing certain Ports in the Islands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandizes; for granting certain Duties to defray the Expences of opening, maintaining, securing, and improving, such Ports; for ascertaining the Duties to be paid upon the Importation of Goods from the said Island of Dominica into this Kingdom; and for securing the Duties upon Goods imported from the said Island into any other British Colony.

50. An Act for allowing the Conveyance, from the Ports of Southampton and Portsmouth to the Port of Cowes in the Isle of Wight, of Goods not liable to Duty on Exportation, or prohibited to be exported, and of Sheep and Cattle, between the said Ports, without Cocquets being taken, or Bonds entered into for that Purpose; and for extending an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for taking Affidavits in the Country, to be made use of in the Courts of Kings Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, to the Isle of Man; and for appointing Ports and Places for shipping and landing Goods in the said Island.

51. An Act for indemnifying Persons who have incurred certain Penalties inflicted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting certain Stamp Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; and for making valid all Instruments executed or inrolled there on unstamped Paper, Vellum, or Parchment.

52. An Act for repealing certain Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations, granted by several Acts of Parliament; and also the Duties imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament upon certain East India Goods exported from Great Britain; and for granting other Duties instead thereof; and for further encouraging, regulating, and securing, several Branches of the Trade of this Kingdom, and the British Dominions in America.

53. An Act for altering the Oath of Abjuration and the Assurance; and for amending so much of an Act of the seventh Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Improvement of the Union of the two Kingdoms, as, after the Time therein limited, requires the Delivery of certain Lists and Copies therein mentioned to Persons indicted of High Treason, or Misprision of Treason.

54. An Act for putting the Road from Clarges Street to Hyde Park Corner, and from the South End of Park Lane, to the North Side of Hertford Street, in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, now under the Direction of the Acts for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, Chelsea, Fulham, and Saint George Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, under the Management of the Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, in Westminster.

55. An Act to enable Thomas Kymer Esquire, to make a navigable Cut or Canal from little Gwendraeth Rivery near the Town of Kidwely, to the Great Forest and Pwll Llygod, in the County of Carmarthen.

56. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to the Cross Ways near Maresfield Street, in the County of Sussex.

57. An act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of two Acts, one of the twelfth of King George the First, and the other of the Fourteenth of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Horsley Upright Gate, to the Top of Kingsdown Hill, in the County of Wilts; and for amending several Roads near or adjoining to the said Road.

58. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of art Act of the fourth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Godstone, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, in the Parish of East Grinsted, in the County of Sussex.

59. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley, by Molscroft, to Kendell House; and from Molscroft to Bainton Balk, in the County of York.

60. An Act for discontinuing the Use of several Roads leading into and over Fisherwick Park, in the County of Stafford; and for building and maintaining a publick Bridge cross the River Tame, at or near Elford Mill Ford, in the said County; and for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Road from such Bridge to Hademore Gate, in the Road leading through Whittington to Lichfield.

61. An Act for the better Regulation of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into and out of the Port of Liverpool.

62. An Act to enlarge and continue the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferry Bridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross; and also from Ferry Bridge to Weatherby; and from thence to Borough Bridge, in the County of York; as to so much of the said Act as relates to the said Roads from Doncaster, through Ferry Bridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross.

63. An Act for the Support and Preservation of the Parish Church of Folkestone, and the lower Part of the Town of Folkestone, in the County of Kent.

64. An Act for the better maintaining, regulating, and employing, the Poor within the Parish of Saint Botolph, Aldgate, in the City of London.

65. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Malling Street, near the Town of Lewes, and other Roads in the County of Sussex; and for amending the Road from the Broil Park Gate, to the West End of the Turnpike Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurst Green, through the Parishes of Etchingham and Burwash; and from the said Broil Park Gate to the Town of Battel, in the said County.

66. An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from Battersea, in the County of Surry, to Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex.

67. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Bawtry, in the County of York, to East Markham Common, in the County of Nottingham, and from Little Drayton to Twiford Bridge, in the said County.

68. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Cross or Market Place in the Town of Wimborne Minster, to the Cross or Market Place in the Town of Blanford Forum, in the County of Dorset.

69. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Cromford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to the Turnpike Road at or near Langley Mill, in the said County.

70. An Act to remove and regulate the Publick Markets in the City of Bath; for widening certain Streets, Ways, and Passages, within the said City, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof, and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the same; for better paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating, the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages there, to remove all Nuisances and Obstructions therein, and to prevent the same for the future; and for better supplying the Inhabitants of the said City, Liberties, and Precincts, with Water.

71. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads in the County of Bucks, so far as the same relates to the Road between the Town of Wendover and the Town of Buckingham.

72. An Act for the Relief and Employment of the Poor, and for repairing the Highways, paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and other Places in the Town and Parish of Richmond, in the County of Surrey; and for removing and preventing Annoyances, Obstructions, and Incroachments therein; and for shutting up a Road from the late Horse Ferry at Kew to West Sheene Lane, near Richmond Green; and for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Kew Bridge to Richmond.

75. An Act for repairing the Road from the Burgh of Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to and through Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, to the Marchburn.

74. An Act to render more effectual an Act made in the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for maintaining, regulating, and employing, the Poor within the Parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex.

75. An Act to render more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for rebuilding the Parish Church of Alhallows on the Wall, in the City of London; and for rebuilding the House belonging to the Rector of the said Parish; and for purchasing several Pieces of Ground and Tenements thereon, to render the Passages to and from the said Church and House more commodious.

76. An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to purchase certain Houses and Ground contiguous and near to the Bank; and for making certain Avenues leading thereto more commodious.

77. An Act for repairing and widening the Stone Bridge in the Town of Shrewsbury.

78. An Act for making and continuing navigable the River Stort, in the Counties of Hertford and Essex.

79. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Ashborne to Sudbury; and from Sudbury to Yoxall Bridge; and from the Turnpike Road upon Hatton Moor to Tutbury, in the Counties of Derby and Stafford.

80. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Brimmington and Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, over the High Moors, to the several Places therein mentioned.

81. An Act for further continuing the Duty of one Farthing per Chalder on Coals, granted by an Act of the first Year of Queen Anne, and revived and continued by an Act of the eighth of King George the Second, for improving and repairing the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York, and for better regulating the Shipping there.

82. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the twenty sixth Year of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relates to the Districts of Roads from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow; and from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge; and for altering and ascertaining the Course of the last mentioned District of Road.

83. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of two Acts made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Spittlegate Hill, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham, as relates to the Road from Spittlegate Hill to Foston Bridge, in the County of Lincoln.

84. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the present Turnpike Road at Haverhill to Red Cross, in the Parish of Shelford, in the County of Cambridge.

85. An Act for repairing the Road from the Turnpike at Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to Ringlet Cross, near Uckfield, in the County of Sussex.

86. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the present Turnpike Road in the parish of Hursley, in the County of Southampton through the Borough of Andover, to the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks; and from Newbury to Clinton Pond and Newtown River.

87. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Mansfield and Chesterfield Turnpike Road, near the Nine Mile Stone from Mansfield, through Temple Normanton, Tupton New Inclosure, and Birkin Lane, to Bunting Field Nook, in the Parish of Ashover, in the County of Derby.

88. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from High Bridges, in the County of Stafford, to Uttoxeter; and from Spath to Hanging Bridge; and from Townall's Lane, to Yoxall Bridge, in the said County.

89. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Bottom of Church Lane, in the Town of Newcastle under Line, in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Woor to Chester, near the Town of Namptwich, in the County of Chester; and from Chesterton, through Audley and Balterley, to Ghorsly Hill.

90. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts made in the eighth and twenty-seventh Years of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Towns of Halifax and Ealand, in the County of York.

91. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing and widening the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone, and from Watt's Cross to Cowden, in the County of Kent, so far as the same relates to the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone.

92. An Act for amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market Cross in the Town of Wareham, and in Purbeck, in the County of Dorset.

93. An Act for amending and widening the Road from the Town of Biddenden, in the Weald of Kent, through the Towns of Smarden and Charing, to join the Turnpike Road which leads from Ashford to Feversham, at a Place called Bound Gate.

94. An Act for making the River Soar navigable from the River Trent, to or near Loughborough, in the County of Leicester; and for making Navigable Cuts or Canals from the said River Soar, to or near The Rushes and the Hermitage Pool, at Loughborough aforesaid.

95. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from High Bullen, in Wednesbury, to the further End of Darlaston Lane, next the Portway; and from thence through Bilston, to the further End of Gibbett Lane; and several other Roads leading to and from Bilston, in the County of Stafford.

96. An Act for making a navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, at or near Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Runcorn Gap.

97. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal from the River Severn. between Bewdley and Titton Brook, in the County of Worcester, to cross the River Trent, at or near Heywood Mill, in the County, of Stafford, and to communicate with a Canal intended to be made between the said River Trent and the River Mersey.

98. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads, leading to the Town of Dartford, in the County of Kent.

99. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Muckley Corner to Walsall and Wednesbury, and to Leigh Brook and Ocker Hill, and several other Roads in the County of Stafford.

100. An Act for the better regulating and employing the Poor; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn which lies above the Bars, in the County of Middlesex, and the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the said County.

101. An Act for making the River Chelmer navigable from the Port of Malden to the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex.

102. An Act to enable the Principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy to carry into Execution certain Articles of Agreement made for a Lease of Ground for the Improvement of his Majesty's Dock Yard at Plymouth.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 6 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Lot Grounds, and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Great Doddington, in the County of Northampton.

2. An Act for naturalizing Hieronymus Henry Burmester, John Wienholt, Julius Conrad Ridder, and Peter Duval.

3. An Act to enable the Right Honourable James Oswald, and the Right Honourable George Sackville, commonly called Lord George Sackville, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland; and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

4. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Bladon, in the County of Oxford.

5. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the Manor, Parish, and Tything of Great Tew, in the County of Oxford.

6. An Act for confirming an Award, made for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields and Downs, in the Parish of Haselton, in the County of Gloucester.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, Common Fields, Meadows, and Grounds, lying in the Hamlet of Maugersbury, in the Parish of Stow on the Wold, in the County of Gloucester.

8. An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Field Lands, within the Parish of Heddington, in the County of Wilts.

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Manor and Parish of Thenford, otherwise Fenford, in the County of Northampton.

10. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open and Common Field, called Bidford Common Field, within the Parish of Bidford, in the County of Warwick.

11. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Steeple Aston, in the County of Oxford.

12. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields and Common Pastures, within the Parish of Walthaam, otherwise Waltham in the Wolds, in the County of Leicester.

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields and Common Pastures, within the Parish of Braunstony otherwise Branston, in the County of Leicester.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, and Common Pastures within the Parish of Croxton, otherwise Croxton Kerial, in the County of Leicester.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Township of Winslow in the County of Bucks.

16. An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Waste Grounds, Open Fields, Open Meadow Ground and Ings, within the Parish of Stillington, in the County of York.

17. An Act to enable the Most Noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater, to extend a Branch of his navigable Cut or Canal, upon Sale Moor, in the County of Chester, to the Market Town of Stockport, in the said County.

18. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Matthews, with Ann Matthews his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

19. An Act for naturalizing Jean Pierre Michel.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Repton in the County of Derby.

21. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and in the Manors of Haselor and Walcot, and of and in the Manor of Upton Haselor, in the Parish of Haselor, in the County of Warwick.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, or Waste Grounds, called Cuddington or Bryn Common, in the Township of Cuddington with Bryn, in the Parish of Weverham, in the County of Chester.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Willington, in the County of Derby.

24. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moor Waste, or Common, in the several Townships, Villages, or Hamlets, of Upper Heworth and Nether Heworth, in the County Palatine of Durham.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Little Norwood, in the County of Bucks.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Grounds, and Wastes, within the Township or Parish of Bessingby in the County of York.

27. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, in the Manor and Parish of Keddington, in the County of Lincoln.

28. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Common and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Beeford, otherwise Beeforth, in the County of York.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Bradnop, in the Parish of Leek, in the County of Stafford.

30. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Parish of Hinton in the Hedges, in the County of Northampton.

31. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadow, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Grimoldboy, in the County of Lincoln.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Lands, and allotting the old Inclosures, lying within the Township and Parish of Hatherop, in the County of Gloucester.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Marston, in the County or the City of York.

34. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Sir John Chetwode Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the same.

35. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Aldcroft Gentleman, with Sarah Shewel, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

36. An Act for enabling Robert Brice Esquire, and his Heirs, to take and use the Name, and bear the Arms, of Kingsmill.

37. An Act to enable the Most Noble William Duke of Devonshire to take in England the Oath of Office of High Treasurer of Ireland, and to quality himself in England for the Enjoyment of the said Office.

38. An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury to grant Leases of their Estate in the Parish of Saint Olave Southwark.

39. An Act for vesting Part of the Fee Simple Estate of George late Lord Viscount Midleton, of the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold, for paying the Debts, Legacies, and Incumbrances, mentioned in and appointed to be paid by, his Will; and for executing and effectuating several Contracts entered into by him for selling and leasing divers Farms and Lands in Ireland; and for making the Exemplification of his Will Evidence in Law and Equity.

40. An Act for vesting certain Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Surry, devised by the Will of Sir William Clayton Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the like Uses.

41. An Act for vesting the Freehold and Leasehold Estates, late of Robert Henley Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Money, to be applied to pay off Debts and Oncumbrances and Legacies, charged upon and affecting the same, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, and for laying out the Surplus-money in the Bank of England, subject to the further Order of the said Court.

42. An Act for vesting several Copyhold Estates of Ann Blagrave, Widow, and others, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses to which the said Copyhold Estates stand limited.

43. An Act to impower John Jones Esquire, and Margaretta Maria his Wife, late Margaretta Maria Weller, Widow, and other the Devisees of John Maryon Clerk, deceased, to make Leases of the Manor of Charlton, and of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Manor: and also the Parishes of Woolwich and Plumstead, in the County of Kent.

44. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of John Silvester Smith Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the same.

45. An Act to enable George Foster Tufnlil Esquire, to grant Building Leases of Estates, devised to him by Sir William Halton Baronet, in the County of Middlesex.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several stinted Pastures, called Cow Close, West Moor, and Clowder, otherwise Clowther, within the Township of Arncliff, in the West Riding of the County of York.

47. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Arable Fields, Common Meadow Grounds, and the Moor or Common, within the Manor and Township of Naburn, in the East Riding of the County of York.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Blaby, in the County of Leicester.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Countesthorpe, in the County of Leicester.

50. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Hexton, in the County of Hertford, except a Common Pasture, called The Cow Common.

51. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Grounds, in the Hamlet of Walsworth, in the Parish of Hitchen, in the County of Hertford.

52. An Act for allotting, dividing, inclosing, and draining, several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Waste and Fen Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Bourn, in the County of Lincoln.

53. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Pattrington, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York.

54. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons or Commonable Grounds, in the Township of Brigham, in the Parish of Foston, in the East Riding of the County of York.

55. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Lubnam, otherwise Lubenham, in the County of Leicester.

56. An Act for inclosing, paving, cleansing, lighting, and adorning, Berkley Square, in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex.

57. An Act for vesting Part of a Messuage, with the Appurtenances, intailed by the Will of the Most Noble Charles late Duke of Grafton, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing another Messuage, or Lands, to be settled to the like Uses.

58. An Act for vesting the Mansion House of the Earl and Countess of Powis, in Albemarle Street, now settled on them and their Issue, in Trustees, to sell the same; and to lay out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses.

59. An Act for vesting certain Manors, Rectories, Lands, Tythes, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Somerset and Devon, devised by the Will of John late Earl of Portsmouth, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Manors, Rectories, Lands, Tythes, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses limited by the said Will.

60. An Act for vesting in Trustees, the settled Estate of Washington, Earl Ferrers, in the County of Derby, to be sold, for satisfying the Incumbrances and Portions affecting the same, and the rest of his settled Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

61. An Act to enable Sir Thomas Gooch Baronet, and his Sons, Thomas Gooch, William Gooch, and John Gooch, and their Guardians, and the Guardians of their Sons, during their Minority, to grant Building Leases of certain Lands in Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; and to grant a Piece of Land, lying in the same Town, for the Purposes of building a Church, and making a Church-yard; and to exchange some Lands there.

62. An Act for Sale of the Manor, Capital Messuage, and late dissolved Priory, of Ryegate, in the County of Surrey; and also of several Freehold and Copyhold Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Surrey and Sussex, late the Estate of Sarah Parsons, Widow, deceased, for raising Money to discharge Incumbrances affecting the same.

63. An Act for the Sale and Disposition of Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Lloyd Esquire, for paying and discharging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same, and for providing an Equivalent or Compensation for the same, to the Issue inheritable under his Marriage Settlement.

64. An Act for confirming the Sale of Part of the Estates late of Robert Nedham Esquire, deceased, situate in the Kingdom of Ireland, for the Term of five hundred Years, to George Nedham Esquire, for confirming an Agreement made between the Widow and Children of the said Robert Nedham; and for vesting Part of the said Robert Nedham's said Estates in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of the Debts, Legacies, and other Incumbrances, affecting such Estates; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

65. An Act for vesting an undivided Moiety of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Bedford, Northampton, Leicester, and Essex, and in the City of London, late the Estate of Piggott Ince Esquire, deceased, and Mary late the Wife, and now the Widow, of the said Piggott Ince, in Trustees, to be sold and disposed of, in pursuance of certain Agreements; and for discharging Debts and Incumbrances, and other the Purposes therein mentioned, and for applying and placing out the Surplus of the Purchase-money upon the Trusts, and for the Purposes therein mentioned.

66. An Act to establish a Proposal, made by William Constable Esquire, to the Governors of the Charity for the Relief of the Poor Widows and Children of Clergymen, in relation to a Piece or Parcel of Land, called Cherry Cobb Sand, in the County of York.

67. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Commons, or Waste Grounds, situate, lying, and being, within the Manors of Aston and Wales, in the County of York.

68. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Carlton Forehoe, and Kimberley, in the County of Norfolk.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Lordship or Liberty of Barnetby upon the Woulds, in the County of Lincoln.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Grounds, or Pastures, and some Parts of a certain Moor or Tract of Waste Land, within the Manor of Bowes, in the County of York.

71. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pasture, and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Scothorn and Sudbrooke, in the County of York.

72. An Act for inclosing and dividing a Common, called Thorpe Marsh, and a Piece of Land, called Grumble Hirst, within the Parish of Barmby upon Dunn, in the Country of York.

73. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Corby, in the County of Lincoln.

74. An Act to render more effectual an Act, made in the fourth Year of his present Majesty, for draining, preserving, and improving, the Low Grounds and Cars, lying and being in the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Lordships, Precincts, and Territories, of Sutton, Ganstead, Swine, Benningholme, Benningholme Grange, and Fairholme, North Skirlaug, Rowton, Arnold, Riston, Leven, Heigholm, and Hallytree Holme, Brandes Burton, and Burshall, Eske, Tickton, Weel, Routh, Meaux, and Waghen, otherwise Wawn, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York.

75. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Harlestone, in the County of Northampton.

76. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Laighton Bromswold, otherwise Laighton Ecclesia, in the County of Huntington.

77. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Lands, Meadows, and Free Commons, in the Parish of Kettlethorpe, in the County of Lincoln.

78. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, certain Lands, Grounds, and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Cottingham, in the East Riding of the County of York.

79. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship of Ratcliffe Culey, in the County of Leicester.

80. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Lordship of Kingsthorpe, in the County of Northampton.

81. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Lands, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Lands or Grounds, in the Hamlet or Township of Ryton, otherwise Ruyton, in the Parish of Bulkington, in the County of Warwick.

82. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Fen, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Bickar, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining and improving the same.

83. An Act for vesting certain Estates in the County of Lincoln, in Trustees; and to enable them to appropriate the Rents and Profits thereof, and also certain Sums of Money (subject to the Trusts declared by the Will of Sir Michael Wharton Knight, deceased) for the Augmentation of the Revenues of the Curacies of the late Collegiate Church of Saint John, in Beverley, in the County of York; and for erecting an Organ in the said Church, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

84. An Act to enable Richard Burton Esquire, and his Issue, to bear and use the Surname and Arms of Phillipson, pursuant to the Will of John Phillipson Esquire, deceased.

85. An Act for naturalizing Godhard Sutthoff, John Peter Cornud, Renira Bentinck, Aymerc Mavit, Justus Blanckenhagen, Francis Menet, and John Abraham Haldimand.

86. An Act for naturalizing Laurence Charlesson.

87. An Act for naturalizing Peter Facon, and John James Tourneisen.

88. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Edmund Morton Pleydell Esquire, in the Counties of York and Lincoln, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the like Uses.

89. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadow, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Balderton, in the County of Nottingham.

90. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Adderbury, in the County of Oxford.

91. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Little Ellingham, in the County of Norfolk.

92. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, Parcel of Waste Ground, or Moor, situate in the Liberty of Darby, in the County of Derby, called Darley Common.

93. An Act for draining and preserving Stretham Common, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge; and for impowering the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act for the effectual Draining and Preservation of Waterbeach Level, in the County of Cambridge; and to establish an Agreement made between the Lord of the Manor of Waterbeach cum Denny, and the Commoners within the said Manor, to raise a Sum of Money to pay the Debts owing upon the Credit of the said Act.

94. An Act for naturalizing Peter Delaroche, and John James le Chevalier.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 7 Georgii III.

1. AN Act to continue an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time.

2. An Act to amend so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations, granted by several Acts of Parliament; and also the Duties imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament upon certain East India Goods exported from Great Britain; and for granting other Duties instead thereof; and for further encouraging, regulating, and securing, several Branches of the Trade of this Kingdom, and the British Dominions in America, as relates to the Exportation of non-enumerated Goods from the British Colonies in America.

3. An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour.

4. An Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat Flour from his Majesty's Colonies in America, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

5. An Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat Flour from any Part of Europe into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

6. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Petty, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven.

7. An Act for indemnifying such Persons as have acted for the Service of the Publick, in advising or carrying into Execution the Order of Council of the twenty-sixth Day of September last, for laying an Embargo on all Ships laden with Wheat or Wheat Flour; and for preventing Suits in consequence of the said Embargo.

8. An Act for allowing the Importation of Oats and Oat-meal, Rye and Rye-meal, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

9. An Act for obviating Doubts which have arisen with respect to so much of an Act made in the full Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled (An Act to amend an Act passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, concerning the Qualification of Justices of the Peace, and for other Purposes therein mentioned) as directs the taking of certain Oaths by Justices of the Peace, on the issuing of any new Commission of the Peace.

10. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

11. An Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat Flour, free of Duty, from any Part of Europe, for a further Time than is allowed by any Act made in this Session of Parliament; and for permitting the free Importation of Barley, Barley-meal, and Pulse, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time.

12. An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs-lard, and Grease.

13. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

14. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven.

15. An Act for giving further Time to his Majesty's Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, Justices, and Clerks of the Peace, and others, for carrying into Execution certain Parts of an Act passed in the last Section, for Pay and Cloathing of the Militia; and for indemnifying such Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, and Clerks of the Peace, and others, who have neglected to carry such Parts of the said Act into Execution.

16. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven.

17. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven; for the more effectually punishing Serjeants, Drummers, and Fifers, for Misbehaviour and Desertion; for securing Deserters from the Militia Regiments; and for explaining and amending so much of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to inlisting Militia Men into his Majesty's other Forces.

18. An Act to enable the Trustees of the British Museum to exchange, sell, or dispose of, any Duplicates of printed Books, Medals, Coins, or other Curiosities; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Things that may be wanting in, or proper for the said Museum.

19. An Act to enable his Majesty to settle certain Annuities on their Royal Highnesses the Dukes of York, Gloucester, and Cumberland.

20. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Bast, or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horse Hair Hats and Bonnets, and upon certain Materials for making the same, imported into this Kingdom.

21. An Act to obviate Inconveniencies which may arise with respect to the Execution of several Acts of Parliament in such Cities, Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Franchises, and Liberties, as have only one Justice of the Peace of the Quorum qualified to act within the Time.

22. An Act for further allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat flour, Barley, Bailey-meal, and Pulse, free of Duty, into this Kingdom from any Part of Europe.

23. An Act to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, sold by Wharf Measure, within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof; and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex.

24. An Act for raising the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities, and a Lottery attended with Annuities, to be charged on the Sinking Fund.

25. An Act for redeeming one fourth Part of the Joint Stock of Annuities established by an Act made in the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom; and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising the Sum of three millions five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties.

26. An Act for redeeming the Remainder of the Joint Stock of Annuities established by an Act made in the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, in respect of several Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures.

27. An Act for extending the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh over certain adjoining Lands; and for giving Powers to the Magistrates of Edinburgh for the Benefit of the said City; and to enable his Majesty to grant Letters Patent for establishing a Theatre in the City of Edinburgh, or Suburbs thereof.

28. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon certain Linen Cloth imported; and for carrying such Duties, together with the additional Duties granted in this Session of Parliament upon the Importation of Bast or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horse-hair Hats and Bonnets, and certain Materials for making the same, to the Sinking Fund.

29. An Act for explaining an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, to prevent Extortion in Sheriffs, Under Sheriffs, and Bailiffs of Franchises or Liberties, in Cases of Execution.

30. An Act for allowing the free Importation of Rice, Sago Powder, and Vermicelli, into this Kingdom, from his Majesty's Colonies in North America, for a limited Time.

31. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

32. An Act for applying the Money granted, in this Session of Parliament, for carrying on an additional Building for a more commodious Passage to the House of Commons, from Saint Margaret's Lane and Old Palace Yard.

33. An Act to inforce, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Execution of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights; and for granting to his Majesty other Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights; and for explaining the said Act.

34. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

35. An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty's Provinces of Carolina and Georgia, in America, directly to any Part of Europe Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Ships built and navigated according to Law; and to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad, and first composed, written, and printed, in Great Britain.

36. An Act to continue so much of an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; and for allowing the Bounties granted by any Acts of Parliament now in being upon the Exportation of Corn and Malt declared or made for Exportation, and Barley steeped and entered at the Excise Office to be made into Malt for Exportation, before a limited Time.

37. An Act for completing the Bridge cross the River Thames, from Black Friars, in the City of London, to the opposite Side in the County of Surry, and the Avenues thereto on the London Side; for redeeming the Tolls on the said Bridge, and on London Bridge; for rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate in the said City; for repairing the Royal Exchange within the same; for embanking Part of the North Side of the said River, within certain Limits; and for further continuing, towards those Purposes, the Imposition of six Pence per Chaldron, or Ton, of Coals and Culm imported into the Port of the said City, established by an Act of the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and also for carrying on the new Pavements in the City and Liberties of Westminster, and Parishes adjacent, and in the Town and Borough of Southwark; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

38. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for Encouragement of the Arts of Designing, Engraving, and Etching, Historical and other Prints; and for vesting in, and securing to, Jane Hogarth, Widow, the Property in certain Prints.

39. An Act for the better Regulation of the Parish Poor Children, of the several Parishes therein mentioned, within the Bills of Mortality.

40. An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

41. An Act to enable his Majesty to put the Customs, and other Duties, in the British Dominions in America, and the Execution of the Laws relating to Trade there, under the Management of Commissioners to be appointed for that Purpose, and to be resident in the said Dominions.

42. An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Statutes now in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

43. An Act to amend and enforce the Acts of the eighteenth, twenty-first, and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation and Wearing of Cambricks and French Lawns.

44. An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Policies of Assurance; and for reducing the Allowance to be made in respect of the Prompt Payment of the Stamp Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other Exciseable Liquors; and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs.

45. An Act for encouraging and regulating the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man; and for the more easy Supply of the Inhabitants there with a certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, authorised by an Act made in this Session to be transported to the said Island.

46. An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; for allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation, from this Kingdom, of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts of the Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations; for discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen Ware exported to America; and for more effectually preventing the clandestine Running of Goods in the said Colonies and Plantations.

47. An Act for discontinuing the Duties on Logwood exported; for taking off the Duties on Succus Liquoritiae imported, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for explaining such Parts of two Acts made in the tenth and twelfth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, as relate to certain Duties on Silks, painted, printed, or Rained, in Great Britain; for granting a Duty upon the Exportation of such Rice as shall have been imported Duty-free, in pursuance of an Act made in this Session of Parliament; and for more effectually preventing the Wear of Foreign Lace and Needle Work which are prohibited to be imported into this Kingdom.

48. An Act for regulating the Proceedings of certain Publick Companies and Corporations carrying on Trade or Dealings with Joint Stocks, in respect to the Declaring of Dividends;and for further regulating the Qualification of Members for voting in their respective General Courts.

49. An Act for regulating certain Proceedings of the General Courts of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

50. An Act for amending certain Laws relating to the Revenue of the Post Office; and for granting Rates of Portage for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain and the Isle of Man, and within that Island.

51. An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Lee, from the Town of Hertford to the River Thames; and for extending the said Navigation to the Floodgates belonging to the Town Mill, in the said Town of Hertford.

52. An Act for erecting a proper and convenient Pier at the Port of Saint Ives, in the County of Cornwall, for the better Protection of Ships and Vessels resorting to the said Port.

53. An Act for draining and preserving Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, and in the County of Cambridge, between the River Cam, otherwise Grant, West, and the Hardlands of Bettisham, Swaffham Bulbeck, and Swaffham Prior, East; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to sell certain Fen Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invested Lands.

54. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; for carrying to the Aggregate Fund a Sum of Money which hath arisen by the Two Sevenths Excise; for impowering his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, to permit the Importation of any Sort of Corn or Grain, Duty-free, into this Kingdom, for a longer Time than is permitted by any Act of this Session of Parliament; and for obviating Doubts in relation to the Meeting of Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session, for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax.

55. An Act for further continuing an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual, in his Majesty's Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

56. An Act for taking off the Inland Duty of one Shilling per Pound Weight upon all Black and Single Teas consumed in Great Britain; and for granting a Drawback upon the Exportation of Teas to Ireland, and the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time, upon such Indemnification to be made in respect thereof by the East India Company, as is therein mentioned; for permitting the Exportation of Teas in smaller Quantities than one Lot to Ireland, or the said Dominions in America; and for preventing Teas seized and condemned from being consumed in Great Britain.

57. An Act for establishing an Agreement for the Payment of the annual Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds, for a limited Time, by the East India Company, in respect of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies.

58. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on certain Foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom; and for establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the raising and dressing of Hemp and Flax.

59. An Act for restraining and prohibiting the Governor, Council, and House of Representatives, of the Province of New York, until Provision shall have been made for furnishing the King’s Troops with all the Necessaries required by Law, from passing or assenting to any Act of Assembly, Vote, or Resolution, for any other Purpose.

60. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Brecon.

61. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of two Acts passed in the thirteenth Year of King George the First, and the seventeenth of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cranford Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to that End of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the County of Bucks; and for amending the Road from Slough, to a certain Place in Eton, and from Langly Broom to Datchet Bridge, in the County of Buckingham.

62. An Act to continue the Term, and render more effectual an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon; and for repairing and widening the Road from Bickley Bridge Cross, over Bickley Bridge, to the Sign of the Swan in the Town of Silverton; and also the Road from Bickley Wood Cross to Ford Village Water, in the said County.

63. An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from Swinford, in the County of Berks, to Eynsham, in the County of Oxford.

64. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twenty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for opening and making a new Road from the East End of New Street, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned; and for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future; and for repairing several other Roads adjoining thereto.

65. An Act for continuing, altering, and amending, two Acts of Parliament of the twelfth of King George the First, and of the tenth of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Worcester; and for amending several other Roads near or adjoining thereto.

66. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of Thames Street, in the City of Oxford, over Botley Causeway, to the Turnpike Road near Fifield, in the County of Berks.

67. An Act for amending, repairing, and widening, several Roads in the Counties of Radnor and Hereford.

68. An Act for amending and widening the Road leading from the Bell Inn at Northfeld, in the County of Worcester, to the Wootton Turnpike, in the great Turnpike Road leading from Stratford upon Aeon, in the County of Warwick, to Birmingham in the same County.

69. An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Martin, within the City of Worcester.

70. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the eighteenth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Kingston upon Hull, to and through the Town of Anlaby, and from thence to the Town of Kirk Ella, in the County of the said Town of Kingston upon Hull.

71. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the eighteenth Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Sacred Gate, on the South East Side of the Town of Hedon, in the East Riding of the County of York, through the said Town, to Hull North Bridge; and for amending the Road from the present Turnpike Bar in Wyton Holmes, through the Townships of Wyton and Sproatley, to the Guide Post in Flinton Lane, near Humbleton Moor Hourse, in the same Riding.

72. An Act for the better and more effectual Maintenance and Relief of the Poor of the Borough and Parish of Queenborough, in the County of Kent.

73. An Act for building a Bridge cross Stonehouse Creek, from Stonehouse to Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon.

74. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by two Acts of Parliament, of the third of King George the First, and the eleventh of his late Majesty, for enabling the Parishioners of Saint Mary Rotherhith, in the County of Surrey, by certain Funeral Rates therein mentioned, to finish the said Parish Church, and for purchasing an additional Burial Ground, and to enable them to raise Money for purchasing the present Parsonage House, and converting the Scite thereof into a Burial Ground, and for providing a new Parsonage House.

75. An Act for the more effectual repairing, widening, and rendering commodious the Highways within the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex; and for lighting the Street in Old Brentford within the said Parish, from the Turning towards Kew Bridge, to a Street called The Half Acre.

76. An Act for continuing the Term of several Acts for repairing the Road between Wymondham and Attleborough, in the County of Norfolk; and for amending the Road from the End of the Town Close, in the County of the City of Norwich, to the Chalk Pits near Thetford, in the said County of Norfolk.

77. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Spernal Ash, in the County of Warick, through Studley, to a Street called Digbeth, in the Town of Birmingham.

78. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of two Acts made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of George the First, and in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Spittlegate Hill, near Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham, as relates to the Road leading from Foston Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham.

79. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, through Bottesford and Bingham, to Nottingham Trent Bridge, and from Chappel Bar, near the Well End of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge, in the Town of Derby and from the Guide Post in the Parish of Lenton, to Sawley Ferry; as relates to the Road leading from Grantham to Nottingham Trent Bridge.

80. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for erecting and building two new Churches, and providing Burial Places, in the Town and Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

81. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Hatton, near the Borough of Warwick, through King's Norton, in the County of Worcester; and to the upper End of Gannow Green, in the Parish of Broomsgrove, and to the Bell Inn, in the Parish of Bell Broughton, in the said County of Worcester.

82. An Act to explain, alter, and amend, an Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from between the second and third Mile Stones on the Turnpike Road between the Town and County of Poole and Winborn Minster, in the County of Dorset, to Bratton Corner, in the County of Somerset; and for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road in Brainston, to or near a House called Fontleroy's Farm House, in the County of Dorset.

83. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Shaddon Gate, near Carlisle, to the present Turnpike Road at Mulaside; and from a Place in the said Turnpike Road, between Binsey Mires and North Raw Gate, to join the Turnpike Road at Skillbeck, in the County of Cumberland.

84. An Act for repairing the Roads from Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to Swift's Den, in the Parish of Etchingham; and from Frant to Possingworth Great Wood, adjoining to the Turnpike Road there, leading to Blackboys, in the County of Sussex.

85. An Act for paving the Streets and other Places in that Part of the Parish of Saint Botolph Aldgate, which lies in the County of Middlesex, and Part of a Street called East Smithfield in the Precinct of Saint Catherine; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the same, and preventing Obstructions and Anoyances therein.

86. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the High Road between Bromley, and Farnborough, in the County of Kent, to Beggars Bush, in the Turnpike Road leading from Tunbridge Wells to Maresfield, in the County of Sussex.

87. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the sixteenth and seventeenth Years of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for making divers Rivers navigable, or otherwise passable, for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, so far as the same relates to the River Itching, running from Alresford, through Winchester, to the Sea, near Southampton, and for better regulating the said Navigation.

88. An Act to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counter's Bridge which lies in the Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounslow, to the Powder Mills, in the Road to Staines; and to Cranford Bridge, in the said County, in the Road to Colnbrook; and for repairing, turning, or altering, the Highway leading from the said Road, at or near the End of Sion Lane, to the Town of Isleworth, in the said County, and from thence to a Gate on the South Side of Tedington Field; and also the Highway leading out of the said great Road, near Smallberry Green Turnpike, to a House known by the Sign of The George, in the Town of Isleworth aforesaid; and for lighting and watering Part of the said Highways.

89. An Act to repair and widen the Road from Whitecross, to the Town of Bridlington, in the East Riding of the County of York.

90. An Act for continuing the Duty of two Pennies Scots, or a sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Burrowstounness and Liberties thereof, in the County of Linlithgow, and for extending the same over the Parish of Burrowstounness; for repairing the Harbour of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

91. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Brick Kilns on East Malling Heath, to the Turnpike Road on Pembury Green, and from Brand Bridges to the Four Wents, near Matfield Green, in the County of Kent.

92. An Act to repair and widen the Roads from Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, to the Turnpike Road between Nantwich, in the County of Chester, and Newcastle under Line; and from Hinstock to Nantwich aforesaid.

93. An Act for making navigable the River Ure, from its Junction with the River Swale, to the Borough of Ripon, in the County of York.

94. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Doncaster, through the Parish of Peniston, in the County of York, to Salter’s Brook, in the County of Chester; and also the Road from Rotherham, in the said County of York, to Hartcliffe Hill, in the said Parish of Peniston; and for making the said Act more effectual, so far as the same relates to the said Road between Rotherham and Hartcliffe Hill.

95. An Act for making navigable a Brook called Codbeck, from the River Swale, to the Borough of Thirsk, in the County of York.

96. An Act for making navigable the River Ouze, from below Widdington Ings, at or near Linton, to the Junction of the Rivers Swale and Ure; and for making navigable the said River Swale, from the said Junction, to Morton Bridge, and also the Brook running from Bedale, into the River Swale, in the County of York.

97. An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Hull and Frodingham Beck, from Ake Beck Mouth, to the Clough on the East Corner of Fishholme; and for extending the said Navigation from the said Clough, into or near the Town of Great Driffield, in the East Riding of the County of York.

98. An Act for the more effectual Draining the Lands lying in the Level of Ancholme, in the County of Lincoln, and miking the River Ancholme navigable from the River Humber, at or near a Place called Ferraby Sluice, in the County of Lincoln, to the Town of Glomford Briggs; and for continuing the said Navigation up or near to the said River, from thence to Bishop Briggs, in the said County of Lincoln.

99. An Act for establishing and well-governing a General Hospital to be called Addenbrooke's Hospital in the Town of Cambridge.

100. An Act to amend an Act made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty, for amending the Road from Chatteris Ferry, through Chatteris and March to Wisbech Saint Peter's; and from thence to Tide Gote in the Isle of Ely; and from Wisbech aforesaid, through Outwell to Downham Bridge, in the County of Norfolk; and for repealing the several Acts for repairing the said Road between Wisbech and March; and also for charging certain Lands in Waldersea, and on Wisbech South Side, towards the Repairs or the Waldersea and South Side Banks, which, before the passing of this Act, were liable to such Repairs.

101. An Act to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, Chelsea, and Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex; and for Lighting and Watering the said Roads; and for Paving the Street and Highway and Footways in Kensington; and for Lighting and Watching the same, and the Courts and Alleys adjoining thereto.

102. An Act to continue and render more effectual three Acts for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex; and for amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge over Harwell Heath, through the Parishes of Hanwell, New Brentford, and Ealing, to the great Western Road, in the said County; and for Lighting, Watching, and Watering, the Highway between Tyburn and Kensington Gravel Pits.

103. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Town of Tenterden to and over Bull Green, and to and through the Town of Great Chart to a House known by the Sign of the Castle at the Entrance of the Town of Ashford, in the County of Kent; and also the Road leading from Bull Green aforesaid to Hothfield Heath; and also the Road leading from Bull Green aforesaid, through High Halden, to Dashmanden in the Parish of Biddenden, in the said County of Kent.

104. An Act for repairing and widening the Rond from Marchweil, in the County of Denbigh, through Bangor, Worthenhury and Hanmer, in the County of Flint, to a House in the Possession of Thomas Jenks, in Dodington, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, and from Bangor aforesaid to Malpas, in the County of Chester, and from Redbrook to Hampton in the said County of Salop.

105. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of King George the Second, for making a Road from the East Side of the Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, to the East End of Church-street, and to open a Wav into Shoreditch; and for repairing, paving, and regulating, Old Cock-lane, New Cock-lane, Church-street, and the Road on the West Side of the Opening into Shoreditch, and for removing Nuisances and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the same for the future.

106. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Ayr.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN Act to enable the Right Honourable James Oswald, the Right Honourable James Grenville, and the Right Honourable Isaac Barre, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice-Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland; and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

2. An Act for naturalizing Mary Ann Amelie Burrowes.

3. An Act for naturalizing Christiaan Van Teylingen.

4. An Act for naturalizing Lewis Agassiz, John Samuel Schutz, Philip David Krauter, Joshua Rougement, Ferdinand De Mierre, and Christian Godfrey Klein.

5. An Act for making more effectual an Act passed in the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Samuel Dashwood Esquire, in Trustees, for raising Money to pay Debts and Incumbrances, and for providing an Equivalent or Compensation for the same, to the Issue inheritable under his Marriage Settlement

6. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and other Commonable Grounds, in the Parish of Kencott, in the County of Oxford

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Manor of Chesterton, in the County of Oxford.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Sand ford, in the County of Oxford.

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Moor, called Carlisle and Cummersdale Moor, in the County of Cumberland.

10. An Act for dividing and inclosing Halton Green, and for disposing of other Grounds, within the Township of Hatton East, in the Parish of Skipton, in the County of York

11. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, such Part of certain Commons and Waste Grounds, called Bentham Moor, as lieth within the Manor of Ingleton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

12. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Lanes, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Old, otherwise Would, in the County of Northampton.

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Chorley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, and also the Marsh and Fenny Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Yaxley, in the County of Huntingdon.

15. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Scott Esquire, with Jane Scott his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

16. An Act to enable Sir Thomas Delves Baronet, and his Heirs Male, to take the Name of Broughton.

17. An Act to enable Thomas Hotchkis, to take the Surname and Arms of Littler, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Littler deceased.

18. An Act to enable Sarah Aylon Spinster, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Tyrrell.

19. An Act for naturalizing John Rodolph Valltravers.

20. An Act for naturalizing Cristoffel Van Denbergh, an Infant.

21. An Act for naturalizing Samuel Mandrot.

22. An Act for naturalizing Nicolas Francis Beckman.

23. An Act for naturalizing Theodore Van Teylingen, an Infant.

24. An Act for naturalizing John Lewis Baumgartner, and Amable Doct.

25. An Act for vesting the Estate of James Lucy Dighton, an infant, in the Parish of Sherborn, in the County of Oxford, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Purchase Money for discharging Incumbrances affecting the same, pursuant to the directions of the Court of Chancery.

26. An Act to enable the Devisees for Life, named in the Will of Pierce Starkie Esquire, deceased, and Trustees, to cut down and fell Timber upon the Freehold and Copyhold or Customary Estates, late of the said Pierce Starkie, in the Counties of York and Lancaster, and to grant Leases of the Quarries, Mines, and Minerals, within the Freehold Estates late of the said Pierce Starkie, in the same Counties; and to invest the Monies arising therefrom, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will.

27. An Act for annexing the Rectory of Purleigh, in the County of Essex, to the Office of Provost of the House of the Blessed Mary the Virgin, in Oxford, commonly called Oriel College, of the Foundation of Edward the Second, of famous Memory, some time King of England.

28. An Act for vesting in the Dean and Chapter of Durham, a certain Pace of Ground, adjoining to the Town of South Shields, in the County Palatine of Durham and for making an adequate Compensation to the Curate of the Chapel of Saint Hilds, in the said County, and his Successors, for the same; and for enabling the said Dean and Chapter to remove the Fairs and Markets out of the Town of South Shields, and to cause the same to be held on the said Piece of Ground.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Bibury, and Manors of Bibury Offney, and Bibury Northumberland, and the Hamlet or Vill of Arlington, all in the said Parish of Bibury, in the County of Gloucester.

30. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Township and Liberties of Cosgrave, in the County of Northampton (exclusive of Brownswood Green, and Kenton Field, in the Parish of Cosgrave, in the said County).

31. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, and Pasture Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Nun Monkton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Olney, in the County of Bucks.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Lands and Grounds in the Parish of South Burton, other wise Bishop Burton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

34. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other Commonable Lands, within the Liberties of Ruddington, in the County of Nottingham.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Hamlets or Townships of Wixford, Exhall, King's-Broom, and Burnell's-Broom, in the County of Warwick.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Land, lying South of the Turnpike Road, leading from Nottingham to Alfreton, within the Liberties and Townships of Lenton and Radford, in the County of Nottingham.

37. An Act for the more effectual draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Hamlet of Benwick, in the Parish of Doddington, Whittlesea, Ramsay, and Farcet, in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Huntingdon.

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Cubbington, in the County of Warwick.

39. An Act for inclosing, allotting, and dividing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, Open Common Field, and Open Common Meadow Grounds, in the Manor of the Leigh, in the Parish of Ashen Keynes, in the County of Wilts.

40. An Act for draining and preserving certain Low Grounds in the Parishes of Adlingfleet and Whitgift, in the West Riding of the County of York.

41. An Act to enable Richard Bennett Esquire, and his Issue, to take and bear the Surname and Arms of Coffin, pursuant to the Will of Richard Coffin Esquire, deceased.

42. An Act to enable Thomas Willis Esquire (lately called Thomas Swettenham) and his Issue, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Willis, pursuant to the Will of Daniel Willis Esquire, deceased.

43. An Act for naturalizing Leonard Meyer and Lewis Giles.

44. An Act for confirming a Contract of Lease of Mines between Charles Duke of Queensberry and Dover, of the one Part, and Patrick Craufurd, James Craufurd, and Gilbert Meason, of the other Part; and for enabling the said Duke, and his Heirs of Entail, to grant Leases in Terms of the said Contract.

45. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, called The Tarn Moor, in the Township of Skipton, in the West Riding of the County of York; and for applying the Produce thereof towards the Relief of the Poor of the said Township.

46. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, a Parcel of Waste Ground, or Common, called Bishop Soil, in the several Parishes of Howden and Eastrington, and in the Parish or Parochial Chapelry of Blacktoft, in the East Riding of the County of York.

47. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Commons, Moor, or Waste Grounds, within the Manors of North Anston and Todwick, in the County of York.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Waste Grounds and Sandhills, called Layton Hawes, within the Manor of Layton, in the Parishes of Poulton and Bispham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Meadows, and Stinted Pastures, in the Parish of Carlton in Lindrick, in the County of Nottingham.

50. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and Commonable Places in Cosby and Littlethorpe, in the Parish of Cosby, in the County of Leicester.

51. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Parcels of Lends and Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Huggate, in the East Riding of the County of York.

52. An Act to enable John Bowes Earl of Strathmore and Kinghorne, and Mary Eleanor Bowes, Countess of Strathmore and Kinghorne, his Wife, the Daughter and only Child of George Bowes Esquire, deceased, to take and use the Surname of Bowes only, pursuant to his Will, and the Settlement executed previous to the Marriage of the said Earl and Countess.

53. An Act to vacate an Agreement made the tenth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, between the most Noble William late Duke of Portland, deceased, and Margaret Cavendishe Duchess of Portland, then his Wife, but now his Widow, and the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Foley, also deceased, concerning a Building Lease to be granted to the said Lord Foley of a Parcel of Land, in the Parish of Marybone, in the County of Middlesex; and to establish and render effectual another Agreement, dated the thirtieth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, concerning the Premisses.

54. An Act to enable Henry Duke of Buecleugh, a Minor, to make a Settlement on his intended Marriage with the Lady Elizabeth Montagu.

55. An Act for exchanging Part of the settled Estates of Willoughby Earl of Abingdon, in the County of Wilts, for another Estate of greater Value, in the County of Berks, to be settled in lieu thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

56. An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Sir Nigel Gresley, Baronet, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees to be sold, to raise Money for the Payment of Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

57. An Act for vesting several undivided Estates, late of John Bennett Esquire, deceased, and Ann Spencer Widow, in the Counties of Surry, Kent, and Middlesex, in Trustees, in order to effect a Partition between the said Ann Spencer and the Devisees named in the Will of the said John Bennett.

58. An Act for confirming a Lease, or Grant, made by the Honourable Louisa Barbara Mansell, sole Daughter and Heir of the Right Honourable Bussy Lord Mansell deceased (now the Honourable Louisa Barbara Vernon, Wife of the Honourable George Venables Vernon) to Chauncy Townsend Esquire, for certain Purposes therein expressed, or to grant a new Lease thereof.

59. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates in the County Palatine of Lancaster, settled upon the Marriage of Fleetwood Hesketh Esquire, with Frances his Wife, in Trustees to be sold; and for applying the Money arising from such Sale in paying off divers Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, and also for substituting, in lieu thereof, a certain Estate in the said County called Burne, lately purchased by the said Fleetwood Hesketh.

60. An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of John Talbot the younger Esquire, settled on his Marriage, in Trustees, for raising a further Sum of Money, for discharging Debts and Incumbrances.

61. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Newton, in the County of Lincoln.

62. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadows, Common Fens, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Donington, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining and improving the same.

63. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Wootton, in the County of Lincoln.

64. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Arable Fields, Moors, and Commons, in the Parishes of Langton and Woodall, in the County of Lincoln.

65. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, and unclosed Meadows, in the Parish of Ailestone, in the County of Leicester.

66. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Shalstone, in the County of Bucks.

67. An Act to enable John Fleming Esquire, lately called John Willis, and his issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Fleming only, pursuant to a Settlement made by Richard Fleming Esquire, deceased.

68. An Act for discharging divers Manors, Rectory, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, Part of the Estate of the Right Honourable Richard Earl of Scarbrough, by him settled on his Marriage with the Right Honourable Barbara Countess of Scarbrough, from the Uses and Trusts of the said Settlement, and for settling other Manors, Lands, and Tenements, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

69. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir John Dixon Dyke Baronet, lying in the Counties of Oxford, Sussex, and Kent, in Trustees, in Trust to be sold for raising Money to discharge a Mortgage Debt, affecting other Parts of the said settled Estates.

70. An Act for vesting divers Leasehold Houses, late of Haydock Hill, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and converted into Money, to be applied, together with other Part of his Personal Estate, for the Benefit of his Children intitled to the same, by virtue of his Will; and for confirming a Sale, Leases, and Contract, made by his Widow and Executrix, of other Parts of his Estate, for the Benefit of his said Children.

71. An Act for Sale of the Real Estate of Tomkinson Cooper, and Ann his Wife, and for laying out the Money, arising from such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, for the Benefit of the said Tomkinson Cooper, and Ann his Wife.

72. An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Hilborough, in the County of Norfolk, the Estate of Deborah Bunting, the Widow and Relict of Edward Bunting Clerk, deceased, and Edward Bunting, her Infant Son, by the said Edward Bunting Clerk, in Trustees, to convey the same to Ralph Caudwell Esquire, and his Heirs, and for securing the Money to be paid for the same.

73. An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of Matthew Henry Witham Esquire, in the County of York, for the discharging the Debts and Incumbrances thereon, and for other Purposes therein expressed.

74. An Act to impower the High Court of Chancery to order so much of the Personal Estate of George Minchin, deceased, as now stands in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, to be transferred and paid to Paul Minchin and Henrietta Minchin, the only Children of the said George Minchin, without their giving any Security to refund, the same.

75. An Act for vesting an undivided third Part of certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate and being in the City of London, and in the Counties of Oxford and Bucks, heretofore the Estate of Susannah Letten Widow, deceased, in certain Trustees, and their Heirs, in Trust, to be sold; and for paying and applying the Money, to arise by the Sale thereof, in the Manner therein mentioned.

76. An Act to impower Richard Rycroft Clerk, and his Issue, claiming under his Marriage Settlement, to grant Leases of Houses and Grounds, in Clarges Street, in the County of Middlesex.

77. An Act for vesting several undivided Moieties, and other Parts, Shares, Hereditaments, and Premisses, being Part of the Estate of John Bond Esquire, and Mary his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, discharged of the Uses of their Marriage Settlement, and investing the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses of the same Settlement.

78. An Act for vesting a Messuage, and divers Lands, with the Appurtenances, in the County of Hertford, Part of the Estate comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Fane Wiliam Sharpe Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, ancf for purchasing other Lands and Tenements, to be settled to the like Uses.

79. An Act for carrying into Execution certain Articles of Agreement, entered into by George Pitt Esquire, and his Tenants, of the Manor of Kingston, and John Pitt Esquire, and by the said George Pitt and John Pitt, for the Exchange of Lands, in Purbeck, in the County of Dorset.

80. An Act for exonerating Part of the Estate, late of Thomas Becke Gentleman, deceased, charged With an Annuity, or clear yearly Rent of one hundred Pounds, of and from the Payment of the said Rent; and for substituting and making liable to the Payment thereof, 01 her Part of the Estate of the said Thomas Becke, of equal Value.

81. An Act for vesting divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Norfolk, devised by the Wills of John Woodcock and Mary Platfoot, deceased, in Matthew Pepper Manby, and his Heirs; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, in the same County, in lieu thereof, to the Uses therein mentioned.

82. An Act for Sale of divers Freehold and Copyhold Lands and Tenements, in the Parish of Sunbury, in the County of Middlesex, and of certain of Lands in the Parish of Hampton, in the said County, Part of the Estate of John Osborne, deceased, unto the Right Honourable George Earl of Pomfret, pursuant to an Agreement; and to apply the Purchase-money in discharging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the said Estate; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

83. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheritance, in Fee-simple, of divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of York, demised to Constantine Phipps, Esquire, by Letters Patent, under the Peal of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, unto the said Constantine Phipps, and Constantine John Phipps, his eldest Son, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same.

84. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Arthingworth, in the County of Northampton.

85. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common, within the Manor of Distington, in the County of Cumberland.

86. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, within the Manor of Hensingham, in the County of Cumberland.

87. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields and Meadows, in the Parish of East Barkwith, in the County of Lincoln.

88. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, in the Manor of Shap, in the County of Westmorland.

89. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, in the Manor of Reagill, in the County of Westmorland.

90. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Farndon, in the County of Nottingham,

91. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Lands, Grounds, and Commons, in the several Townships of Adlingfleet, Fockerby, and Haldenby, in the West Riding of the County of York.

92. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Parish of Willersey, in the County of Gloucester.

93. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and several Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Castle Sowerby, in the County of Cumberland.

94. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common, and several Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Skelton, in the County of Cumberland.

95. An Act for naturalizing John Koe and George Wolff.

96. An Act for naturalizing Gerrard Goebell.

97. An Act for vesting several Lands and Tenements, settled and entailed upon William Earl of Radnor, and his Issue, by the Wills of Jacoby late Viscount Folkestone, and Sir Edward Des Bouverie Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing and settling other Lands and Hereditaments, in lieu thereof; and to impower the Tenants for Life to make such Leases as are therein mentioned.

98. An Act for confirming a Partition between the Reverend Erasmus Saunders Doctor in Divinity, and Mary his Wife, and Samuel Roycroft, the younger, Esquire, and Ann his Wife, of several Estates in the County of Lincoln, and for vesting and settling the same, to the Uses, and on the Trusts, contained in their respective Marriage Settlements, with respect to such Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

99. An Act for vesting the undivided Parts of several Manors, Messuages, Closes, Lands, Tenements, Tolls, and other Hereditaments, in the Counties of Leicester and Northampton, devised by the Will of John Cogan, Surgeon, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses contained in the said Will.

100. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Richard Williamson, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Money arising by such Sale, for reimbursing the said Richard Williamson the Expences he has been at in improving the said Estate, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

101. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Benjamin Booth, Esquire, and Jane his Wife, in the County of Salop, Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising from such Sale, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses.

102. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of William Hoskins, Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Surrey and Kent, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging Money due upon a Mortgage of his Estate in Kent, called Hethenden Farm, and other Debts and Incumbrances, and for settling said Estate called Hethenden Farm so disincumbered, to and for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

103. An Act for Sale of divers Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Tenements, in the County of Essex, intailed by the Will of Doctor John Bamber, deceased; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

104. An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Sussex, Surrey, and Kent, Part of the settled Estate of John Wicker, Esquire, in him, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and for settling the Manor of Knepp, alias Knapp, and divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Sussex, being the Estate of the said John Wicker, of greater Value, in lieu thereof.

105. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of William Poyntz, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging the Incumbrances affecting the same; and for applying the Remainder of the Money thereby raised, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses to which the said Estates stood settled; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

106. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Susanna Dowding, Widow, in the Counties of Kent and Sussex, in Trustees, to be sold; and for securing the Monies, to be paid for the same, upon the Trusts, and for the Purposes in the Act mentioned.

107. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Parcel of Ground, called Broyle Park, within the Manor of Ringmer, in the County of Sussex.

108. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Scamblesby, in the County of Lincoln.

109. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands and Pasture Ground, Half Year Inclosures, Common Fields, and Common or Heath Ground, in the Parish of Sherborn, in the County of Norfolk.

110. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Commons within the Manor and Lordship or Parish of Great Oxendon, in the County of Northampton.

111. An Act for inclosing a Piece of Waste Ground, in the Borough and Township of Kirkby in Kendal, for the Benefit of the Poor; and for cleansing and enlightening the Streets of the said Town; and for confirming a Rule or Order of Assize, and Order of the High Court of Chancery, relating to the Rates and Assessments to be raised for Relief of the Poor, by the Inhabitants of the said Township, and the Owners of Lands called the Park and Castle Lands.

112. An Act for dividing a certain Fen, called The Haute Huntre, Eight Hundred, or Holland Fen, and certain other Commonable Places adjoining thereto, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln.

113. An Act to amend, and render more effectual, so much of an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the draining and working certain Coal Mines, in the Manor of Wilnecote, in the County of Warwick.

114. An Act to enable Joseph Copley, Esquire, (lately called Joseph Moyle) and his Issue, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Copley, pursuant to the Will of Lionel Copley, Esquire, deceased.

115. An Act for naturalizing Henry Hayman.

116. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of George Duke of Saint Albans, in Trustees for raising Money to pay Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

117. An Act for naturalizing Sophia Magdalen Lamack, an Infant.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 8 Georgii III.

1. AN Act to continue and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour.

2. An Act to continue several Acts made in the last Session of Parliament, for allowing the Importation of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Barley, Barley Meal, Pulse, Oats, Oatmeal, Rye, and Rye-meal Duty-free; and also so much of an Act made in the last Session as relates to the free Importation of Rice from his Majesty's Colonies in North America; and to allow the Importation of Wheat and Wheat Flour from Africa, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

3. An Act for the free Importation of Indian Corn, or Maize, from any of his Majesty's Colonies in America, for a Time therein limited.

4. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight.

5. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Statutes now in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the Publick Highways of this Kingdom; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

6. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped.

7. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

8. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight.

9. An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time.

10. An Act to enable his Majesty to license a Playhouse in the City of Bath.

11. An Act for further regulating the Proceedings of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East India, with respect to the making of Dividends.

12. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

13. An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty for disbanding the Army, and other necessary Occasions, as relates to the Number of Troops to be kept upon the Irish Establishment.

14. An Act for providing proper Accommodations for his Majesty's Justices of the Great Sessions in Wales, during the Time of holding such Sessions.

15. An Act for the more speedy and effectual Transportation of Offenders.

16. An Act for making and widening a Passage or Street from The Salt Market Street, in the City of Glasgow, to Saint Andrew's Church, in the said City; and for enlarging and compleating the Church-yard of the said Church; and for making and building a convenient Exchange or Square in the said City; and also for explaining and amending an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of his late Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde, to the City of Glasgow; and for building a Bridge cross the said River, from the said, City to the Village of Gorbells.

17. An Act to amend an Act made in the seventh Year of King George the First, intituled, An Act for regulating the Journeymen Taylors within the Weekly Bills of Mortality.

18. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight.

19. An Act for further continuing an Act of the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual, in his Majesty's Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

20. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight.

21. An Act for the better paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances within the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for repealing an Act made in the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign for those Purposes.

22. An Act for the more easy and effectual Recovery of the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by the Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade or Revenues of the British Colonies and Plantations in America.

23. An Act to repeal so much of an Act made in the fourth Year of his present Majesty, as affects the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey, with respect to the Leakage of Wines imported into this Kingdom from the said Islands under certain Restrictions and Regulations; and for continuing an Act made in the thirty-third Year of his late Majesty, for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain.

24. An Act to permit the Exportation of certain Quantities of Malt belonging to certain Merchants in the County of Norfolk, and which were made for Exportation between the fifteenth of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, and the passing the Act of last Session for prohibiting the Exportation of Malt.

25. An Act for reducing the Duties on Foul Salt to be used for Manure; for altering the Stamp Duties on certain Policies of Assurance; for amending so much of an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Allowance of the Duties of Customs, and exempting from the Duties of Excise such Rum or Spirits of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of the British Sugar Plantations in America, as shall be exported from this Kingdom; for better securing the Excise Duties upon foreign Liquors imported; for repealing a Clause in an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, prohibiting the Sale of condemned Tea for Home Consumption; for amending such Parts of two Acts made in the sixth and seventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relate to the depositing, in the Warehouses belonging to the Custom-house at London, Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, and Cambricks, and French Lawns, upon the Seizure thereof.

26. An Act to enable his Majesty to make Leases, Copies, and Grants of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

27. An Act for the further continuing several Acts of Parliament made for the Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on by his Majesty's Subjects.

28. An Act for licensing a Playhouse within the City of Norwich.

29. An Act for redeeming the Remainder of the Joint Stock of Annuities established by an Act made in the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising the Sum of three millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties.

30. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

31. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by way of Annuities, and a Lottery attended with Annuities, to be charged on the Sinking Fund; and for carrying certain Duties on Wines, and on Cyder and Perry, granted by two Acts of the third and sixth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, to the said Fund.

32. An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement made between the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the said City, and Stamp Brooksbank Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, for the Purchase of Gresham College, and the Ground and Buildings thereunto belonging; and for vesting the same unalienably in the Crown for the Purpose of creating and building an Excise Office there; and for enabling the Lecturers of the said College to marry, notwithstanding the Restriction contained in the Will of Sir Thomas Gresham Knight, deceased.

33. An Act for opening certain Passages, and for paving the Streets and other Places, in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein.

34. An Act to enlarge and vary the Term and Powers of an Act for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of Thames Street, in the City of Oxford, over Botley Causeway, to the Turnpike Road near Fifield, in the County of Berks; and to provide more effectually for repairing and widening the ancient Horse Road from the West End of Botley causeway to Witney, in the County of Oxford.

35. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to and through the Town of Goudhurst in the County of Kent.

36. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the City of Coventry, to communicate upon Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, with a Canal now making between the Rivers Trent and Mersey.

37. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal from the River Severn, at or near a Place called Hanford, in the Parish of Claines, in the County of Worcester, to or near a Place called Chapel Bridge, within the Borough of Droitwich, in the said County.

38. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal from Birmingham to Bilstone, and from thence to Autherley, there to communicate with the Canal now making between the Rivers Severn and Trent; and for making collateral Cuts up to several Coal Mines.

39. An Act to continue the Terms and enlarge the Powers of several Acts of the twelfth of Queen Anne, the twelfth of King George the First, and the twenty-second of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Worcester, through Droitwich to Bromsgrove, and other Roads therein mentioned; and to repeal an Act of the twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty for repairing the Roads lying in and leading from Droitwich aforesaid; and for amending the several Roads which were directed to be repaired by the said Act.

40. An Act for rebuilding and enlarging the Common Gaol of the City and County of the City of Coventry; and for appointing a Place for the Custody of Prisoners in the mean Time.

41. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Read from the Top of Crickley Hill, in the County of Gloucester, to Frogg Mill, through the Towns of North Leach, Burford, and Witney, and Parishes of Hanborough and Bladon, to Campsfield, in the Parish of Kidlington, in the County of Oxford; and also the Hoad from Witney, through Eynsham, Cumner, and Botley, to the City of Oxford; except so much thereof as relates to the Road from Witney, through Eynsham, Cumner, and Botley, to the City of Oxford; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Campsfield, to the Turnpike Road at or near Enslow Bridge, in the said County of Oxford.

42. An Act for enlarging and continuing the Term and Powers granted determined by an Act passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sunderland near the Sea, to the City of Durham, in the County of Durham.

43. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the thirty-nine Mile Stone in Maidstone, to Tubb's Lake, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, in the County of Kent.

44. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for supplying the Town of Halifax with Water, and for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets and other Places there; and for removing all Nuisances, Incroachments, and Obstructions, within the said Town, and preventing the like for the future.

45. An Act to continue and render more effectual several Acts passed for repairing the Road leading from The Stones End, in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to the farthermost Part of the Northern Road, in the Parish of Enfield, in the same County, next to the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford; and for amending the Road from The Watch House in Edmonton, to The Market Place in Enfield.

46. An Act for repealing an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and cleansing, enlightening, and paving, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and repairing the Highways and Causeways, and regulating the Poor within the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex; and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes.

47. An Act for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending, the Road from Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Woodhead, in the County Palatine of Chester; and from thence to a Bridge over the River Mersey, called Enterclough Bridge, on the Confines of the County of Derby.

48. An Act for continuing the Terms of several Acts made in the thirteenth Year of King George the First, and in the seventeenth and thirty-second Years of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from and through Chippenham, and from Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wilts; and for amending the said Acts, and reducing them into one Act of Parliament.

49. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from The Green Man in the Chapelry of Seend, in the County of Wilts, to Beckington, in the County of Somerset; and for repealing so much of an Act made in the same Year for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, as relates to the Road from a Place in Trowle Bridge Lane to Midford, and from Freshford to Hall's Close in Limpley Stoke; and for amending the said Roads, and also several other Roads leading from or near the Roads included in the said Acts.

50. An Act for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the Road leading from Reading, in the County of Berks, through Henley, in the County of Oxford, and Great Marlow, Chipping Wycombe, Agmondesham, and Cheynes, in the County of Bucks, and Rickmansworth, Watford, and Saint Albans, to Hatfield, in the County of Hertford; and also the Road leading out of the said Road at Marlow, over Great Marlow Bridge, through Bysham, to or near the Thirty Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road leading from Maidenhead to Reading.

51. An Act for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bishop's Castle, and from Montgomery, to the Turnpike Road at Westbury, and from Brocton, to the Turnpike Road at Minsterley, in the several Counties of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery.

52. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Way Poll in the Parish of Hardingston, in the County of Northampton, to Old Stratford, in the said County.

53. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Buckland Dinham, to the End of the Parish of Timsbury; and also the Road from Midsummer Norton, to the End of the Parish of Norton Saint Phillips and also the Road from Tucker's Grave, to the Road leading from Wellow, to a Place known by the Name of The Red Post, in the County of Somerset.

54. An Act for amending and widening the Road from the City of York, to the Top of Oswaldkirk Bank, and from the said Road in Sutton Field through Craike towards Oulston, to the Extent of the Lordship of Craike, in the County of York.

55. An Act for amending the Road from Christopher's Bridge, in the Borough of Thetford, in the County of Suffolk, to the North East End of the Town of Newmarket, in the County of Cambridge.

56. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, and to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, so far as the said Act relates to the repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheet Bridge, near Petersfield, in the County of Southampton.

57. An Act for the better supplying the Town of Dunbar with Fresh Water.

58. An Act for taking down the present Shire-house in the Market-place of the Town of Hertford, in the County of Hertford; and for building a new one on a more extensive and commodious Plan in the Market-place of the said Town.

59. An Act for repairing several Roads leading through the County of Selkirk.

60. An Act for repairing several Roads leading through the County of Roxburgh.

61. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Mayor's Stone in Abingdon, in the County of Berks, through Cumner, to the antient Horse Road at Swinford, in the said County.

62. An Act for the better paving and cleansing the Streets, and other publick Passages, in the Town of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton; and for preventing Nusances and Annoyances therein; and for widening and rendering the same more commodious.

63. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal from the Firth or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton; and also a collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glasgow; and for making a navigable Cut or Canal of Communication from the Port and Harbour of Borrowstounness, to join the said Canal at or near the Place where it will fall into the Firth of Forth.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 8 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Meadows of Stow, within the Parish of Threekingham, in the County of Lincoln,

2. An Act to enable James Shuttleworth the younger Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Holdern, pursuant to the Will of Robert Holdern Esquire, deceased.

3. An Act to enable John Swinfen (lately called John Grundy) and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Swinfen.

4. An Act to enable the Reverend Ralph Drake Clerk, and his Issue, to take and bear the Surname and Arms of Brockman, pursuant lo the Will of James Brockman Esquire, deceased.

5. An Act for naturalizing William Aubert.

6. An Act for naturalizing Dirk Willem Van Dam.

7. An Act for naturalizing John Francis Rossier, Charier Augustus Rodolph Lewes de Willermin, Nicholas Freeze, John James Schlapffer, and Lewis Repinder.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Loughton, in the County of Bucks.

9. An Act for continuing, establishing, and confirming, the Surname and Arms of Wallinger, unto John Wallinger, formerly called John Arnold, and his Issue, pursuant to the Will of John Wallinger, his late Uncle, deceased.

10. An Act to enable Judith Paul, and her Issue, to use and take the Name of Saint Paul.

11. An Act for naturalizing David Peyer Imhoff.

12. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Rempstone, in the County of Nottingham.

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Township of Hotham, in the East Riding of the County of York.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, on the South and West Parts of the River Leam, in the Manor and Parish of Lemington. Priors, in the County of Warwick.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Fen, within the Parishes of Billingborough and Birthorpe, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining and improving the said Fen.

16. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Wastes, within the Township of Millington, in the County of York.

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Lands, Grounds, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Wastes, within the Township of Bridlington, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for extinguishing the Right of Common, or Average, upon certain ancient Inclosures, within the same Township.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Sheep Downs, Commons, Common Heaths, and other Waste Grounds, in the In-Parish of Winfrith Newburgh, in the County of Dorset.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Heath, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Ketton, in the County of Rutland.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Marshes, Waste Grounds, Commons, Cans, Pasture, and Moor, within the Manor of Hook, in the Parish of Snaith, in the County of York; and for maintaining the Banks within the said Manor and Township.

21. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons, Common Heaths, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor of Morden, in the County of Dorset.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Stinted Pastures, within the Township of Litton, in the Parish of Arncliffe, in the County of York.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Ground, within the Township and Manor of Cononly, in the Parish of Kildwick, in the West Riding of the County of York.

24. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, within the Manor or Lordship of Tilsworth, in the County of Bedford.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Comnlon Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Woughton on the Green, in the County of Bucks.

26. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Brooke Doctor in Physic, with Harriet Nelthorpe, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

27. An Act for exemplifying or inrolling an Indenture of Settlement of Elizabeth Bridges, and the Will and Codicils of Brooke Bridges Esquire; and making the same Evidence, as well in Ireland as Great Britain.

28. An Act to enable Thomas Killborn, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of Burrowes, pursuant to the Will of John Burrowes, deceased.

29. An Act to enable Thomas Jenner, an Infant, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Worge only, pursuant to the Will of George Worge, deceased.

30. An Act to enable the most Noble John Duke of Bedford, and the most Honourable Elizabeth Marchioness of Tavistock, and the Survivor of them, and such Person or Persons as they, or the Survivor of them, shall, by any Deed or Writing, or by his or her last Will and Testament, nominate or appoint, to make Leases of the Real Estates late of the most Honourable Francis Russel, called Marquis of Tavistock, deceased.

31. An Act for vesting several undivided Parts of divers Baronies, Lands, and Hereditaments, late the Estate of Brice Fisher Esquire, deceased, situate in the Provinces of South Carolina and Georgia, in America, in Trustees, to be sold, discharged of the Uses of the Will of the said Brice Fisher; and for vesting the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, in that Part of Great Britain called England, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will.

32. An Act for establishing and confirming Articles of Agreement, dated thirty-first of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, between the Honourable William Edwardes, Rowland Edwardes, John Owen Edwardes, Esquires, and the Right Honourable Henry Lord Holland, concerning the Manor of Abbots Kensington, and divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex ; and for vesting such Manor, Lands and Hereditaments, in Trust, to sell and convey the same to the said Henry Lord Holland; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

33. An Act for vesting an undivided Moiety of certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate and being in the County of Berks, late the Estate of Charles Lord Viscount Fane, deceased, and which, upon his Death, became vested in Possession, in Dorothy Countess of Sandwich, in Trustees, and their Heirs, in Trust, to be sold; and for applying the Money to arise by the Sale thereof in the Manner therein mentioned.

34. An Act to enable William Tuffnell Joliff Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Barners, otherwise Barnersbury, in Islington, in the County of Middlesex, to grant Building Leases of the Demesne Lands thereto; and to rate and assess Fines on certain of Lands, within the said Manor, for encouraging the Tenants to build thereon.

35. An Act for Sale of the Freehold Estate, late of Roger Drake Esquire, deceased; and for laying out the Money arising thereby for the Benefit of Roger Drake, an Infant, his eldest Son, and Heir at Law.

36. An Act for making a Building, intended for a Chapel, lately erected by William Wright Esquire, in the Township of Stockport, and County and Diocese of Chester, a perpetual Cure and Benefice; and for endowing the same.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Heath, called Navestock Common and Heath, within the Manors of Navestock and Lofthall, in the County of Essex.

38. An Act for selling Part of a Green, called Nun's Green, in the Borough of Derby, in the County of Derby, and for applying the Money arising from the Sale thereof, in the Improvement of the remaining Part of the said Green; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

39. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in Welwick and Weeton, in the Parish of Welwick, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Fields, Meadows, Wade, and other Commonable Lands, lying within the Manor or Liberty of Little Sheepey, in the County of Leicester.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Grounds, and Common Fen, in the Parish of Morton, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining and improving the said Fen.

42. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester.

43. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Willoughton, in the County of Lincoln,

44. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Waste Grounds, Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, in the Liberty of Littleover, within the Parish of Mickleover, in the County of Derby.

45. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, and Town Fields, within the Township of East Ayton, in the Parish of Seamer, in the County of York.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Normanton next Derby, in the County of Derby.

47. An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parishes of Lakenheath and Brandon, in the County of Suffolk.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Lilley and Offley, in the County of Hertford, except a certain Sheep Down, commonly called Lilley Hoo, in the Parish of Lilley, and certain Lands, Part of the said Common Fields, lying South East of West Lane End, the Mill House, and Cold's Cross, and North East of the Town of Offley.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of North Burton, otherwise Burton Flemming, in the County of York.

50. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Liberties of Epperstone, in the County of Nottingham.

51. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Wavertree, in the Parish of Childwall, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

52. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish and Liberties of Burton Joyce and Bulcoate, in the County of Nottingham.

53. An Act for making the Exemplification of the last Will of Richard Fitz Gerald Esquire, deceased. Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity, in Great Britain and Ireland.

54. An Act to enable Reynold Thomas, an Infant, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Deere, pursuant to the Will of Reynold Deere, deceased.

55. An Act for enabling and empowering the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and their Successors, to sell and convey to the Right Honourable George, Earl of Pomfret, the Lordship and Manor of Oxenforde, with the Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, thereto belonging; and for applying the Purchase money to the Purposes therein mentioned.

56. An Act for the more effectually carrying into Execution an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees, the settled Estate of Washington Earl Ferrers, in the County of Derby, to be sold for satisfying the Incumbrances and Portions affecting the same, and the rest of his settled Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

57. An Act for rectifying a Mistake in the Name of one of the Trustees in the Settlement made of the Estates of the Right Honourable William Earl of Harrington, previous to his Marriage with the Right Honourable Caroline Countess of Harrington, his Wife.

58. An Act to subject and charge a competent Part of the Manor and Lordship of Tottenham Hall, otherwise Tottenham Court, in the County of Middlesex, and of the Lands and Hereditaments thereunto belonging, with the Payment of a perpetual yearly Rent-charge to Doctor Richard Browne, and his Successors; and for divesting the Fee-simple and Inheritance of the said Premisses out of him and his Successors; and for vesting the same in Trustees, to the Use of Charles Fitzroy Esquire, and Ann his Wife, and their Issue, with such Powers and Authorities as therein are mentioned.

59. An Act for vesting in Trustees, and their Heirs, an intailed Estate, in the County of Lincoln, of Sir Thomas Gage Baronet, Dame Lucy his Wife, and their Issue, in order that the same may be sold, and the Purchase money applied for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and for settling an Estate, in the County of Suffolk, of the said Sir Thomas Gage, of greater Value, in lieu thereof.

60. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of William Nedham Esquire, in the Island of Jamaica, in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

61. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of the Honourable and Reverend James Yorke, and Mary his Wife, situate in Arlington Street, in the County of Middlesex, in Trustees, to be conveyed pursuant to Articles entered into for Sale thereof; and for laying out the Money thereby stipulated to be paid, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses.

62. An Act for confirming and carrying into Execution an Agreement, dated the twenty-sixth Day of December, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, between Walter Waring Esquire, and the Right Honourable Robert Lord Clive; and for vesting certain Estates, in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery, in certain Trustees, and their Heirs, for that Purpose.

63. An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Warfield, In the County of Berks, with the Appurtenances, in John Hart Cotton of Warfield, aforesaid, Esquire; and for settling and assuring, in lieu thereof, a Rent Charge of greater Value, to be issuing out of Part of the said Lands and Hereditaments, and also out of a Capital Messuage and Lands in the said Parish of Warfield, and in the Parish of Binfield, in the same County, or one of them, belonging to the said John Hart Cotton, for the Purposes in the Act mentioned.

64. An Act for impowering Trustees, during the respective Minorities of the four Infant Sons of Thomas Hawkins, Esquire, deceased, to make Leases of Estates, in the County of Cornwall, to which they are successively intitled, as Tenants in Tail, under the Will of Philip Hawkins Esquire, deceased; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

65. An Act for vesting certain undivided Shares, belonging to Mary Wright, an Infant, of and in several Messuages, Tenements, and Lands, in the County of Lancaster, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money, arising from the Sale thereof, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Use of the said Infant, and her Heirs, on the Part of her Mother; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

66. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Shipton upon Charwell, in the County of Oxford.

67. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Grounds, within the Township of Snainton, in the Parishes of Brompton and Ebberston, in the North Riding of the County of York.

68. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Cow Pastures, and other Commons, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Toynton Supra, within the Manor of Horncastle, in the County of Lincoln.

69. An Act to enable the Right Honourable James Grenville, the Right Honourable Isaac Barré, and the Right Honourable Richard Rigby, to take in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General and Paymaster General of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

70. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Frederick Lord Viscount Bolingbroke, with Lady Diana Spencer, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

71. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Daly, Esquire, with Anna Statia Daly, his now Wife, and to enable hjm to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

72. An Act for naturalizing Lawrence Laforest.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 8 & 9 Georgii III.

FIRST SESSION.

AN Act for further continuing certain Laws to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour; for further allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat Flour, Bailey, Barley Meal, and Pulse, free of Duty, into this Kingdom, from any Part of Europe; and for allowing the Importation of Oats and Oat Meal, Rye and Rye Meal, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty; and also fop continuing such other Laws as will expire before the Beginning of the next Session of Parliament.

SECOND SESSION.

1. AN Act to prohibit, for a further Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Flour.

2. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine.

3. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

4. An Act to allow for a further Time the free Importation of Rice into this Kingdom, from his Majesty's Colonies in North America.

5. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine.

6. An Act for the more effectually preventing the clandestine Importation of Foreign Spirits; and for explaining such Part of an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the Penalties inflicted upon Persons selling Ale, Beer, or other Exciseable Liquors by Retail, without Licence; and for taking away certain Powers granted by former Acts, for punishing Persons convicted of retailing Spirituous Liquors without Licence.

7. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

8. An Act for repairing, improving, and better preserving of the Harbour and Quay of Wells, in the County of Norfolk.

9. An Act to continue an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time.

10. An Act for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and Lanes in the Parish and Borough of New Windsor, in the County of Berks, and for preventing Nusances and Annoyances therein.

11. An Act for repealing so much of an Act made in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act to encourage the bringing Plate into the Mint to be coined, and for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom, as restrains any Person keeping an Inn, Tavern, Alehouse, or Victualling-house, or selling Wine, Ale, Beer, or any other Liquors, by Retail, from publickly using any wrought or manufactured Plate, or any Utensil or Vessel thereof, except Spoons; and for putting an End to Prosecutions commenced for Offences against such Part of the said Act.

12. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and to indemnify Members, and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped.

13. An Act for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Liberty of St. Martin Le Grand, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

14. An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine; and for securing and preserving Duplicates of Assessments, and other Papers relating to the Land Tax.

15. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine.

16. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever.

17. An Act for enabling His Majesty to license a Play-house in the City of York; and in the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull.

18. An Act for amending and further continuing an Act of the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual, in his Majesty's Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

19. An Act to impower the High Court of Chancery to lay out, upon Government Securities, a further Sum of Money, not exceeding a Sum therein limited, out of the common and general Cash in the Bank of England belonging to the Suitors of the said Court; and to apply the Interest arising therefrom towards answering the Charges of the Office of the Accountant General of the said Court.

20. An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace in the General Quarter Sessions of their respective Counties and Divisions to repair the Shire Halls, County Halls, or other Buildings, wherein the Assizes or Grand Sessions are usually held.

21. An Act for the more effectual paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and publick Passages, in the Town of Gainsburgh, in the County of Lincoln; and for laying a Duty on all Coals brought to the said Town to be sold, and for applying the same to such Purposes.

22. An Act to amend, and render more effectual an Act passed in the seventh Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving the Streets, and other Places, in that Part of the Parish of Saint Botolph Aldgate which lies in the County of Middlesex; and Part of a Street, called East Smithfield, in the Precinct of Saint Catherine; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the same, and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

23. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act of the twenty-eighth of his late Majesty, for the better enlightening and cleansing the Open Places, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts, within the Parish of Saint Bartholomew the Great, London, and regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the said Parish; and for impowering the Trustees, in the said Act named, to pave the said Streets and other Places within the said Parish, and to remove Annoyances and Obstructions.

24. An Act for carrying into Execution certain Proposals made by the East India Company for the Payment of the Annual Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds, for a limited Time, in respect of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies.

25. An Act for making perpetual an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money.

26. An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

27. An Act to continue certain Laws therein mentioned, for granting, for a limited Time, a Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty's Provinces of South and North Carolina and Georgia, directly to any Part of America to the Southward of the said Province, subject to the like Duty as is now paid on the Exportation of Rice from the said Colonies to Places in Europe situate to the Southward of Cape Finisterre.

28. An Act to permit the Inhabitants of Jersey and Guernsey to export directly from thence to Newfoundland, or the British Colonies in America, Goods necessary for the Fishery, under certain Restrictions; and to import from thence Non-enumerated Goods (except Rum) and to land the same in the said Islands.

29. An Act for the more effectual Punishment of such Persons as shall demolish or pull down, burn, or otherwise destroy or spoil, any Mill or Mills; and for preventing the destroying or damaging of Engines for draining Collieries and Mines; or Bridges, Waggon Ways, or other Things used in conveying Coals, Lead, Tin, or other Minerals, from Mines; or Fences for inclosing Lands in pursuance of Acts of Parliament.

30. An Act for repealing so much of an Act passed in the tenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne as relates to the Harbour Moorings of the Royal Navy; and for the more effectual Preservation of such Harbour Moorings; and Punishment of Persons guilty of dealing or embezzling his Majesty's Naval Stores; or of Forgery or Perjury in relation to Seamens Wages.

31. An Act for the establishing and well governing an Hospital for the Reception, Maintenance, and Employment, of Penitent Prostitutes; and for extinguishing the Right of Common of and in certain Lands in Saint George's Fields, in the County of Surrey.

32. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the High Streets and Lanes in the Parish of Saint Nicholas within the City of Rochester and Parish of Stroud in the County of Kent; and for making a Road through Star Lane, across certain Fields adjoining thereto, to Chatham Hill in the said County.

33. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by a Lottery.

34. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying a certain Sum therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

35. An Act for discontinuing, upon the Exportation of Iron imported in Foreign Ships, the Drawback of such Part of the Duties payable thereon as exceeds the Duties payable upon Iron imported in British Ships; to prohibit the Exportation of Pig and Bar Iron, and certain Naval Stores, unless the Pre-emption thereof be offered to the Commissioners of the Navy; to repeal so much of an Act made in the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as discontinued the Drawback upon Foreign Rough Hemp exported; for providing a Compensation to the Clerks in the Offices of the Principal Secretaries of State, for the Advantages such Clerks enjoyed before the Commencement of an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage; and to explain and amend the said Act.

36. An Act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine.

37. An Act for reviving several Acts for preventing Abuses in making Bricks and Tiles; and for indemnifying Justices of the Peace, and others, who have acted under the said Acts; and for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to make and file Affidavits; and for allowing further Time for paying Duties omitted to be paid upon Contracts with Clerks and Apprentices; for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, lost, burnt, or destroyed; and for repaying to Joseph Glover and John Bill the Duty by them paid on a Cargo of Wheat, and for allowing the same to be landed for Home Consumption; and for preventing Parish Poor being paid in base or counterfeit Coin.

38. An Act for further encouraging the Growth and Culture of Raw Silk in his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America.

39. An Act to permit the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland and the British Plantations in America, for a limited Time; and for taking off the Duties upon Seal Skins tanned or tawed in this Kingdom, and for granting another Duty in lieu thereof; for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising or executing any of his Majesty's Orders of Council prohibiting the Importation of Raw Hides, Horns, and Hoofs, of infected Cattle; and to authorize the Prohibition of the Importation of such Hides, Horns, and Hoofs, for the future.

40. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine.

41. An Act for better securing the Duties of Customs upon certain Goods removed from the Out Ports and other Places to London; for regulating the Fees of the Officers of his Majesty's Customs in the Province of Senegambia in Africa; for allowing to the Receivers General of the Duties on Offices and Employments in Scotland, a proper Compensation for their Trouble and Expences; for the better Preservation of Hollies, Thorns, and Quicksets, in Forests, Chaces, and private Grounds, and of Trees and Underwoods in Forests and Chaces; and for authorising the Exportation of a limited Quantity of an inferior Sort of Barley, called Bigg, from the Port of Kirkwall in the Islands of Orkney.

42. An Act for explaining, amending, and continuing, an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in bring, relating to the Raising and Training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England.

43. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road at Golford Green, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Sandhurst, and from the Green near Benenden Church, to The Bull Inn at Rolvenden Cross, in the County of Kent.

44. An Act for erecting a Market House, and holding a Market in the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset; and for preventing the holding of any Market in the Streets of the said Town; and for cleansing the Streets, and preventing Nusances and Obstructions therein; and for lighting certain Streets in the said Town.

45. An Act for repairing the Road from the Turnpike-gate in the Township of Greenfield, to the North Limits of the Township of Mostyn, and from Mostyn to Henllan, and from Llanerch y Mor to Pen y Fordd Wain, in the Counties of Flint and Denbigh.

46. An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of Denbigh, to the Turnpike Road between Northop and Holywell; and from Avon Wen, to the Town of Mold, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint.

47. An Act for amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset; and for repealing so much of an Act passed in the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the repairing the Road leading from Wool, to the said Borough.

48. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the sixteenth Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Marlborough to Shepherd's Shord; and from Beckhampton to the Top of Cherill Hill; and from Avebury to Beckhampton, in the County of Wilts; and for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Gate at Avebury to Wroughton, and from the North Side of Swindon to the Carpenters Arms in Blunsden, in the said County.

49. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Mereworth Cross, to the Road leading from Seal to Wrotham Heath; and also the said Road from opposite the House of William Dalian Esquire, to Hadlow Street, in the County of Kent.

50. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the thirty-third Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Gloucester, towards Hereford, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for amending several other Roads near or adjoining to some of the said Roads.

51. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Place called Harlow Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, in the County of Essex, to Stump Cross, in the Parish of Great Chesterford, in the said County.

52. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of so much of an Act made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the Road from the Town of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks, to the North Extent of the Parish of Hanwell, in the County of Oxford, leading towards Warmington Gate.

53. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act passed in the eighth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal, from Birmingham to Bilstone, and from thence to Autherley, there to communicate with the Canal now making between the Rivers Severn and Trent; and for making collateral Cuts up to several Coal Mines; and to explain and amend the said Act.

54. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty, for the repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of Monk Bridge, near the Suburbs of the City of York, to New Malton, and from thence to Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York; and also from Spittle House, in the East Riding of the said County, to Scarborough aforesaid.

55. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the End of the Turnpike Road in Shawbury, in the County of Salop, to Drayton in Hales, in the said County; and from thence to Newcastle under Line, in the County of Stafford; and from Shawbury aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road in High Ercall, in the said County of Salop; and from Shawbury aforesaid to Wem, in the said County; and from thence to the Turnpike Road in Sand ford, in the said County.

56. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Montgomery, Merioneth, and Salop.

57. An Act for continuing two Acts made in the sixth Year of King George the First, and in the seventh Year of his late Majesty, for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Montrose and Privileges thereof for supplying the said Town with fresh Water, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

58. An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to the tenth Mile Stone from Cirencester at or near the East End of the Town of Tetbury, and from the West End of the Churchyard in the said Town of Tetbury to a Gate in the said County near The Monument upon Lansdown.

59. An Act to impower the Right Honourable Sir Hmry Cavendish, Baronet, to shut up certain Roads and a Foot Path in the Parish of Doveridge, in the County of Derby; and to oblige him to make and keep in Repair for the future a new Road and Foot Path in lieu thereof.

60. An Act to enable Edward Byrom Esquire to complete a Building intended for a new Church in the Town of Manchester, and for making the same a perpetual Cure and Benefice; and for other Purposes.

61. An Act for raising Money to discharge Debts contracted for rebuilding the Parish Church and Tower of Saint Nicholas, in the City of Bristol, and to rebuild the Spire, and compleat the said Church; and for other Purposes.

62. An Act to rebuild the Shire-Hall of the County of Nottingham; and for using the Guild-Hall of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham for the Purposes of a Shire-Hall in the mean Time.

63. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of two Acts passed in the tenth Year of King George the First, and the sixteenth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North Part of Harlow Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, to Woodford, in the County of Essex.

64. An Act to continue and render more effectual several Acts passed in the sixth and twelfth Years of King George the First, and the twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Stevenage, in the County of Hertford, to Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for repairing and widening the Road from Radwell Corner to the Turnpike Road at Arlesey, in the County of Bedford.

65. An Act to repair and widen the Road from the Broken Cross, in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, over the Long Moss and Monks Heath, to the Turnpike Road in Nether Tabley, in the said County; and for turning and exchanging Part of the said Road.

66. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Norwich, to Scole Bridge, in the County of Norfolk.

67. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Scole Bridge, to the Place where the East Gate lately stood in the Town of Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk.

68. An Act for amending the Road from Bishopsgate Bridge, in the City of Norwich, to a Stone formerly called the Two Mile Stone, where the Norwich Road joins the Caister causeway, two Miles and a Half short of the Town of Great Yarmouth.

69. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall.

70. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford.

71. An Act for extending the Navigation of the River Calder to Salter Helble Bridge, and to Sowerby bridge, in the County of York, and for repealing an Act for that Purpose.

72. An Act for the better Establishment of the Foundation of John Michel Esquire, in the Queen's College in the University of Oxford, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

73. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, for amending the Road from Pengate to Latchetts Bridge, and other Roads in the County of Wilts; and for amending several Roads near adjoining to the said Roads.

74. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of the twenty-third Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Dunglas Bridge, to the Town of Haddingtoun, and from thence to Ravenshaughburn, in the County of Haddingtoun.

75. An Act for continuing and rendering more effectual an Act for repairing the Road from Bowes in the County of York, to Brough under Stainmore in the County of Westmorland; and for repairing and widening the Road from Maiden Castle to Kaber Cross, and also the Road from Maiden Castle to the Coal Works at Taylor Rig, and to Tan Hill and King's Pitts; and also the Road from Barrow's Brew to Middle Fell Dyke Nook, in the said Counties; and also from Tan Hill and King's Pitts to Beck Crooks, and Punchatt Pasture West Gate to Whaw Lane Head, and by Lilly Jocks to Recth.

76. An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the second Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the White Post on Haseldin's Wood, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, to Appledore Heath, and other Roads in the County of Kent, as relates to the Road from Golford Green to Tanner's Vent; for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, with respect to the other Roads therein contained; and for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Tenderden, through Rolvenden, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Newenden, in the said County.

77. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Tal y Cafn Ferry in the County of Caernarvon, and through the Towns of Conway, Bangor, and Caernarvon, to the Town of Pwllhely in the same County.

78. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Maidstone through Debtling to Key Street, in the Parishes of Borden and Bobbing in the County of Kent.

79. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley to the Ferry at Hessle, and from the Malton Guide Port to the Gravel Pit at Cottingham, in the County of York.

80. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Cheadle to Botham House, and from thence to Butterton Moor End, in the County of Stafford.

81. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Darly Moor in the County of Derby, to Ellaston in the County of Stafford; and from thence to the Turnpike Road between Leek and Ashborne, in the said Counties of Derby and Stafford

82. An Act for the more effectual Relief of the Poor in the County of Devon.

83. An Act for laying open and widening certain Ways and Passages within the Town of Birmingham; and for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages there; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein.

84. An Act for building a Bridge at Worcester, over the River Severn, and opening convenient Avenues to the said Bridge.

85. An Act for building a Chapel at Plymouth Dock, in the Parish of Stoke Damerell in the County of Devon.

86. An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road in Tring, in the County of Hertford, through Dunstable, Hitchin, Baldock, and Royston, to the Turnpike Road at or near Bourn Bridge; and from the West End of Wellbury Lane to the Turnpike Road at the South End of Barton, in the Counties of Hertford, Bucks, Bedford, and Cambridge.

87. An Act to continue and render more effectual an Act passed in the thirtieth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hitchin, in the County of Hertford, through Shefford, to the Turnpike Road from Saint Albans to Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for repairing and widening the Road from Shefford Way Post, to the Turnpike Road at Henlow in the County of Bedford.

88. An Act for repairing the Road from Stoney Strafard in the County of Bucks, through the Towns of Buckingham and Bicester, to the Town of Woodstock in the County of Oxford.

89. An Act for making a Road from the South End of Blackfriars Bridge to the present Turnpike Road cross Saint George's Fields, and from thence to some Place at or near the House called The Dog and Duck, and to Newington Butts, in the County of Surry; and for empowering the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act passed in the twenty fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, to repair, light, and watch the said Roads, when made.

90. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts passed in the third and twenty-second Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Hereford, and for amending the Roads to Lancloudy Hill and Langua Bridge.

91. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Leicester to Narborough, and from Leicester to Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick, and other Roads, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, so far as the same relates to the Road from the Borough of Leicester to the Town of Narborough, and from Leicester to Hinckley in the County of Leicester.

92. An Act to amend an Act of the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from Tunbridge to Maidstone, and from Wat's Cross to Cowden, in the County of Kent, so far as the same relates to the Repair of the Road from Wat's Cross to Cowden; and for repairing the Roads leading from Sevenoakes Common to Crockhurst Hatch Corner, and from Penshurst Town to Southborough in the said County.

93. An Act to continue and render more effectual two Acts for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter, and for repairing and widening several other Roads therein mentioned; and for rebuilding or repairing Exe Bridge, and making the Avenues leading thereto more commodious; and for building a Bridge over the River Exe, at or near Countess Weir in the County of Devon.

94. An Act for repealing so much of two several Acts of Parliament made and passed in the seventeenth and twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relate to the Road from the End of the County of Stafford in the Post Road towards the City of Chester, through Woor in the County of Salop, to Nantwich in the County of Chester, and from Nantwich to Tarporley, and from thence through Tarvin in the said County of Chester to the said City of Chester, and for more effectually repairing, widening, and supporting the same Road; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Northwich, in the said County of Chester, to the Cross in Tarvin aforesaid.

95. An Act to empower the Trustees of the Will of the late General Pulteney, and other Trustees appointed by this Act, to purchase and exchange Lands and Grounds in the Manor of Bathwick in the County of Somerset, for the Purpose of making certain Roads and Ways to and from a free Bridge by them intended to be built over the River Avon in the said County; and also to empower the Persons in Possession of the said Estate for the time being, under the said Will, to grant Leases of certain Lands and Houses in the said Manor; and likewise to enable the said Trustees to grant certain Grounds and Springs of Water within the said Manor of Bathwick, to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of Bath; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, over Part of the said Manor of Bathwick; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 8 & 9 Georgii III.

FIRST SESSION.

AN Act for naturalizing John Daniel Leautier.

SECOND SESSION.

1. AN Act for naturalizing John Dufaur.

2. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and Common Grounds, in the Township of Stonely, in the Parish and Manor of Kimbolton, in the County of Huntingdon.

3. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Commonable Lands, Common, Arable, Meadow, Pasture. and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Willey, in the County of Warwick.

4. An Act to enable Henry Thomas Greening Esquire, to take and use the Surname of Gott, pursuant to the Will of Mary Gott, deceased.

5. An Act for naturalizing George Madrass.

6. An Act for naturalizing John Henry Schneider.

7. An Act for naturalizing Paul Niedrick.

8. An Act for vesting certain Lands, in the Parish of Chislehurst, in the County of Kent, devised by the Will of Thomas Farrington Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to convey the same to Charles Lord Camden; and for settling Lands, to be in Exchange; and for laying out Money arising by Sale thereof, in other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be conveyed to the same Uses.

9. An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement, and for effecting an Exchange of Lands, between the most Noble George Duke of Marlborough, and the Warden and Scholars of Merton College in Oxford.

10. An Act for appointing Jointures for the Wives, and providing Portions for the younger Children, of the Right Honourable Willoughby Earl of Abingdon, and the Honourable Peregrine Bertie, his Brother; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

11. An Act to enable Sir Waikin Williams Wynn Baronet, a Minor, to make a Settlement on his intended Marriage with the Lady Henrietta Somerset.

12. An Act for discharging divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, Part of the Estate of Sir Bellingham Graham Baronet, in the County of York, from the Uses and Trusts limited and declared by the Will of the Honourable Mary Graham deceased and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, other Part of the Estate of the said Sir Bellingham Graham, in the said County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, so the like Uses.

13. An Act to impower Richard Garth Esquire, to make Leases of his settled Estates, in the County of Surrey, for building upon and improving the same.

14. An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Baldock, in the County of Hertford, devised by the Will of Edward Sparhauke Gentleman, deceased, in Lawndey Sparhauke Esquire, and his Heirs, discharged from the Uses of the said Will; and for substituting and settling an undivided Moiety of other Lands and Hereditaments, in Hertfordshire, in lieu thereof, and to the like Uses.

15. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of the Reverend William Lloyd Clerk, in Trustees, for raising Money, to discharge the Debts, Legacies, and Incumbrances, affecting the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

16. An Act for confirming a Partition between John Edwards Esquire, John Freemantle Esquire, and Frances his Wife, and Mary Edwards Spinster, of several Estates, in the County of Middlesex, and City of Bristol devised by the Will of John Schoppens Esquire, deceased; and of the Residue of the Personal Estate of the said John Schoppens.

17. An Act to enable Charles Biddulph Esquire, and his three Infant Sons, John Biddulph, Charles Biddulph, and Thomas Biddulph, to grant Leases of certain Manors, Capital, and other Messuages, Mansion Houses, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in the several Counties of Surrey, Sussex, and Stafford, of which they are Tenants for Life successively.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Hilborowe, in the County of Norfolk.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Bleddington, in the County of Gloucester.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing an Open Common, in the Parish of Wolburton, in the County of Sussex.

21. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Meadows, Ings, and Common Lands, within the Parish of Elvington, in the East Riding of the County of York.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Grounds, and Pastures, within the Parish of Ingham, in the County of Lincoln.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadow Grounds, and Ings, and the Moor or Common, and Waste Ground, within the Manor and Township of Wheldrake, in the County of York.

24. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of Sancton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Eaton, in the County of Leicester.

26. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, the Open Fields, Meadows, Fens, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of North Hickham, in the County of Lincoln.

27. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, within the Lordship or Liberty of Markfield, in the County of Leicester, and the Common Ground there, lying within the Ring or Boundaries of the same Fields, or adjoining thereto.

28. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadow Grounds, Commons, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor or Parish of Grendon Underwood, in the County of Buckingham.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Shaxton, otherwise Shackston, otherwise Shackerston, in the County of Leicester.

30. An Act for the more effectual draining, embanking, and preserving, certain Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, tn the Hamlet of Wimblington, in the Parish of Doddington, and in the Parish of Chatteress, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge.

31. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Open Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Nafferton and Wansford, in the Parish of Nafferton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

32. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Manor of Thwing, in the East Riding of the County of York.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Lands, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, and other Open Grounds, within the Township of Atwick, otherwise Attenwick, in Holderness, in the County of York.

34. An Act for dividing and inclosing that Part or Share of Belper Ward, which belongeth to Highedge, in the County of Derby.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moor, or Common, called Crosgate Moor, in the Parish of Saint Oswald, in the County Palatine of Durham; and for extinguishing all Right of Common in certain inclosed Intercommon Lands there.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Common and Waste Grounds, in the Manor, Parish, Liberties, or Precincts of Cublington, in the County of Buckingham.

37. An Act to enable the Reverend John Woof, his first and other Sons, and their Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Davies, in pursuance of the Will of the Reverend John Davies, Doctor in Divinity, deceased.

38. An Act to enable Stephen Payne, Esquire, and his Issue, to take, use, and bear the Surname and Arms of Gallway, pursuant to the Will of Tobias Wall Gallway, Esquire, deceased.

39. An Act for naturalizing Lewis Diedrick Hesbuysen.

40. An Act for naturalizing Henry Uhthoff.

41. An Act for naturalizing Peter Rauert, and David Lewis Godin.

42. An Act for vesting in Charles Duke of Queensberry and Dover, and his Heirs, in Fee Simple, certain Lands, Part of his entailed Estate, in the County of Dumfries; and for settling in lieu thereof other Lands, lying contiguous to, and interspersed with the said entailed Estate.

43. An Act for vesting in Trustees, certain Timber Trees, and other Trees, standing and being upon the Estates of Sir Thomas Broughton, in the Counties of Chester and Stafford; and to enable them to fell, cut down, sell, and dispose of, the same; and to lay out a competent Part or the Money, arising by the Sale thereof, in rebuilding the ancient Mansion House of the Family, called Doddington Hall, in the County of Chester, and the necessary Offices to be enjoyed therewith; and for other Purposes.

44. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Edward Astley, Baronet, in the County of Warwick, in him, in Fee Simple, discharged of the Uses of the Settlement made on his Marriage with Rhoda Astley his former Wife, deceased; and for substituting and settling an undivided Moiety of other Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Norfolk, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, with such Powers as therein mentioned.

45. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of John Swinburn Esquire, in the County of Northumberland, and Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same; and to lay out and apply the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, in the County of Durham; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

46. An Act for vesting the Estates of the Honourable William Noel Esquire, deceased, situate in Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, in Trustees, to sell the same, and apply the Money arising therefrom as therein mentioned.

47. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable-Fields, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, in the Township of Lelley, in the Parish of Preston, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, and Grounds, within the Parish of South Willingham, in the County of Lincoln.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Barnolby le Beck, in the County of Lincoln.

50. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields and Grounds, within the Parish of Waltham, in the County of Lincoln.

51. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the several Townships of Atterby, Snitterby, and Waddingham, in the County of Lincoln.

52. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Town Fields, Common Balks, Stinted Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Sutton, and Parish of Norton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

53. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, certain Open Fields, Lands, and Commons, within the Township of Sheriff Hutton and West Lilling, in the Parish of Sheriff Hutton, in the County of York.

54. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Grounds, lying in Osbaldwick, with Gate Helmsley and and Peterland Row, in the County of York.

55. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Walsingham, in the County Palatine of Durham.

56. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Augustus Henry Duke of Grafton, with the Honourable Ann Liddell his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

57. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Morgan, with Sarah Mackelcan, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

58. An Act for selling the Capital Messuage or Mansion House, called Percy Lodge, and divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Bucks, devised by the Will of the most Noble Frances late Duchess Dowager of Somerset; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

59. An Act for vesting Part of the Real Estate, devised and directed to be purchased, by the Will of Henry Earl of Shelburne, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, and in Token-house Yard, London, in Trustees, to be sold or mortgaged; and for laying out the Money arising by Sale or Mortgage thereof, in the Purchase of Manors, Lands, or Hereditaments, in England, to be settled to the Uses of his said Will; and for enabling the Persons therein mentioned to grant such Leases as are therein expressed.

60. An Act for changing and altering the Course of Descent of Copyhold Estates held (of the Manor of Woverley, in the County of Worcester) from the Nature of Borough English, to the Course of Descent according to Common Law.

61. An Act to enable the Reverend Christopher Wilson, Doctor in Divinity, Prebendary of the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul, London, to make and grant, unto the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, a Lease of the Prebendal Estate of Halliwell and Finsbury, in the Suburbs of the said City, for a Term of ninety-nine Years.

62. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of John Barrow, in the County of Chester, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

63. An Act for vesting the Real Estates of Richard Chichester Esquire, deceased, in England, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Money, to be applied to pay off the Legacies charged upon and affecting the same, and the Interest thereof, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

64. An Act to impower Anthony Chapman, Esquire, to grant Leases of Part of his settled Estates in the County of Middlesex, and City of London.

65. An Act for dividing the Vicarage of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, with the several Chapelries or Curacies thereunto belonging, or thereon dependent, into two separate Vicarages, and two separate perpetual Curacies, in such Manner as is therein mentioned.

66. An Act to enable the Corporation of the City of Bristol, to exchange the Building of the Hospital called Queen Elisabeth's Hospital, for the Building called The Bartholomew's, in the said City; and for altering the Times for holding Bristol Fairs.

67. An Act for inclosing and dividing several Woods and Woodlands, and a certain Close or Parcel of Land or Ground, called West Coat Wood Close, and the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Saint Catharine End, in the Parish of Ryslip, in the County of Middlesex.

68. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Arable Fields, Common Pastures, and other inclosed Grounds, within the Township of Youlthorpe, in the East Riding of the County of York.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadows, Ings, Stinted Pastures, and other Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of Poppleton, and a Piece of Waste Ground called Scaglethorpe Moor, in the Manor of Scaglethorpe, all in the County of the City of York.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Grounds, Commons, and Wastes, within the Township of Ebberston, in the County of York, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

71. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Arable Fields, Meadow Grounds, Commons, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Hutton Cranswick, in the East Riding of the County of York.

72. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Arable Fields in the Moor or Common, within the Township of Haxby, in the North Riding of the County of York.

73. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and other Commonable Lands, and Grounds, in the Hamlet of Knuston, in the Parish of Irchester, in the County of Northampton

74. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Orton, in the County of Westmoreland.

75. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields and Commonable Lands, in the Parishes of Chipping Norton and Salford, in the County of Oxford.

76. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Moor, or Common, called Throughend Common, in the Parish of Elsdon, in the County of Northumberland.

77. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Fleckney, in the County of Leicester.

78. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Downs, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Manors and Parishes of Holyrood Ampney otherwise Ampney Crucis, and Ampney Mary otherwise Ashbrook, in the County of Gloucester.

79. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Thulston, otherwise Thurlston, in the County of Leicester.

80. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds of the Township of Wiggington, in the County of York.

81. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Arable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the several Manors and Lordships of Laughton-en-le-Morthen, Slade-Hooton, and Hooton-Slade, in the Parish of Laughton-en-le-Morthen, in the West Riding of the County of York.

82. An Act for discharging certain Estates of Denys Rolle Esquire, in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts, from the Uses thereof limited and declared; and for vesting the same in Trustees, to be sold, and applying the Purchase Money for the Purposes therein mentioned; and or settling other Estates in the County of Devon, of greater Value, to the like Uses.

83. An Act for revoking and making void Part of the Trusts declared by an Act of Parliament, passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, initituled, An Act for selling Part of the settled Estates of Robert Dolman Esquire, in Pocklington and elsewhere, in the County of York, for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances of himself and Robert Dolman the younger, his eldest Son, affecting the same; and for making Provision for Robert Dolman the younger, and for the younger Children of Robert Dolman the elder; and for declaring other Trusts relative thereto; and for making Provision for Payment of other Debts and Incumbrances of the said Robert Dolman the elder, and Robert Dolman the younger, not provided for by the said Act; and for making a Recompence and Provision for the first and other Sons in Succession, or other Heirs of the Bodies of the said Robert Dolman the younger, and Peggy his Wife, during the Lives of their said Father and Mother, and the Survivor of them; and for the better Security of Purchasers under the said Act.

84. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Reverend Thomas Whitehurst Clerk, and Sarah his Wife, in the Counties of Hertford and Bedford, in the said Thomas Whitehurst, in Fee Simple; and for settling other Estates of the said Thomas Whitehurst, in the said County of Hertford, to the same Uses as the said Estates were settled.

85. An Act for confirming, and carrying into Execution, certain Agreements, entered into between William Hurst, William Powell, Esquires, and others, for raising Money out of the Estates late of Thomas Herbert Esquire, in the Counties of Glamorgan and Monmouth, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies of Lucy Allen, and for other Purposes; and for settling the Residue of the said Estates to the Uses of her Will.

86. An Act for vesting in Trustees, to be sold, the Freehold and Inheritance of the Estate of George Markham Esquire, deceased, in the County of Lincoln, along with a precedent Term therein, and for other Purposes.

87. An Act for obviating a Doubt arising on the Settlement of Peregrine Bertie Esquire with Catherine his present Wife.

88. An Act for indemnifying Thomas Twisleton and Francis Twisleton, Esquires, the Purchasers of certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Oxford, belonging to James Ness Gentleman, and Charlotte his Wife, as to the Payment of their Purchase Money, and settling the same for the Purposes therein mentioned.

89. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Parcels of Land and Grounds, within the Township of Bishop Wilton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

90. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Sundon, in the County of Bedford.

91. An Act for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and all other Open Commonable and Walk Lands, within the Parish of Hucknal-Torkard, in the County of Nottingham.

92. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Lordship of Coln Saint Aldwins, in the County of Gloucester.

93. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, in the Liberties of Sudbrook, within the Manor and Parish of Ancaster, in the County of Lincoln.

94. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, in the Lord ship of Claypole, within the Manor and Parish of Claypole, in the County of Lincoln.

93. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or Moors within the Township of Bramley, in the Parish of Braithwell in the County of York.

96. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Wootton, in the County of Oxford.

97. An Act for inclosing certain Common and uninclosed Tracts of Land, in the Parishes of Horsington, Wincanton, and Mapperton, in the County of Somerset.

98. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Beckingham and Sutton, in the Manor and Parish of Beckingham, in the County of Lincoln.

99. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor, or Common, in the Township of Thornley, in the Parish of Wolsingham, and within the Manor of Brancepeth, in the County Palatine of Durham.

100. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberty of Pavenham, in the County of Bedford.

101. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish and Township of Bedworth, in the County of Warwick; and for regulating certain Charity Estates within the said Parish.

102. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open and Common Field, and Commonable Lands, in the Townships and Liberties of Upper Middleton Cheney, and Lower Middleton Cheney, in the County of Northampton.

103. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Aclome, in the East Riding of the County of York.

104. An Act for embanking, draining, and preserving, certain Low Grounds, in the Parishes or Townships of Laneham, Rampton, Treswell, South Leverton, North Leverton, Habblesthorpe, otherwise Apesthorpe, Littlebrough, Sturton, Fenton, and West Burton, in the County of Nottingham.

105. An Act to enable the Right Honourable James Grenville, and the Right Honourable Charles Earl Cornwallis to take in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General and Pay-master General of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

106. An Act to enable William Walsh, heretofore called William Mosely, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Walsh, pursuant to the Will of William Walsh, deceased.

107. An Act for naturalizing Samuel Canale Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Thorold.

108. An Act for naturalizing Gerard Backus and Leonard Halls.

109. An Act for naturalizing John Christian Hoffman.

110. An Act for vesting the Estates of the Right Honourable William late Earl of Stafford, deceased, in the Counties of Stafford and Salop, devised by his Will, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same; and for other Purposes.

111. An Act for vesting in Trustees several Real Estates, late of Jane Torre, Widow, deceased, in Hessle, Tranby, Anlaby, and elsewhere, within the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull which were given and devised, by her Will, to and for the Benefit of the Reverend Mr. James Torre, Clerk, her Son, and his Children, upon Trust, to sell the same, and apply the Money to arise by the Sale in manner therein expressed.

112. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Common and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Blidworth, in the County of Nottingham.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 10 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for continuing an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to prohibit, for a further Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour.

2. An Act to continue for a further Time, an Act made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time.

3. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

4. An Act for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising or carrying into Execution his Majesty's Orders of Council, made for preventing the Spreading of a contagious Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle, and for rendering the same valid and effectual, and for preventing Suits in consequence thereof; and to authorise the continuing, extending, and executing the same, for a further Time.

5. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy.

6. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy.

7. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

8. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease.

9. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy.

10. An Act to permit the Exportation of Malt.

11. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy.

12. An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound, with William Hill and John Dyer, a Debt due to the Crown from William Pye, for which they are Sureties.

13. An Act for enabling his Majesty to grant the Inheritance in Fee Simple of the Manor of Cosham, in the County of Wilts, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereof, now held, under a Demise by Letters Patent under the Seal of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, in Trust for Paul Methuen Esquire, unto the said Paul Methuen, and his Heirs, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same.

14. An Act for paving, lighting, and watching the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon; and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town.

15. An Act to continue an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for amending, and further continuing, an Act of the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual, in his Majesty's Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

16. An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

17. An Act to repeal so much of an Act made in the seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; for allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation, from this Kingdom, of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, of the Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations; for discontinuing the Draw-backs payable on China Earthen Ware exported to America; and for more effectually preventing the clandestine Running of Goods in the said Colonies and Plantations, as relates to the Duties upon Glass, Red-lead, White-Lead, Painters Colours, Paper, Paste-boards, Mill boards, and Scale-boards, of the Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, imported into any of his Majesty's Colonies in America; and also to the discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen-ware, exported to America and for regulating the Exportation thereof.

18. An Act for preventing the Stealing of Dogs.

19. An Act for better Preservation of the Game, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

20. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough of King's Lynn, and the Liberties thereof.

21. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Parishes of Poulton, Kirkham, Lytham, and Bispham, and Townships of Preesall and Stalmine, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

22. An Act for better supplying the City of Worcester, and the Liberties thereof, with Water; and for the better paving and lighting the said City; and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

23. An Act for the more effectually paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and for regulating Weights and Measures, within the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

24. An Act for further continuing the Duties granted and continued by several Acts made in the sixth and tenth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in the seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, for repairing the Harbour and Key of Watchett, in the County of Somerset.

25. An Act for the better paving, repairing, and cleansing, the Streets, and other publick Passages, in the several Parishes and Wards of Saint Michael, Saint John, Holy Rhood, Saint Laurence, All Saints within the Bar, All Saints without the Bar, and East Street and Bag-row, within the Town of Southampton, and Liberties thereof; and for preventing Nusances and Annoyances therein; and for widening and rendering the same more commodious; and for the lighting and watching the said Streets and publick Passages.

26. An Act for further continuing the Terms and Powers, granted and continued by three Acts passed in the twelfth and thirteenth Years of William the Third, the tenth of Queen Anne, and in the eleventh Year of his late Majesty George the Second, for recovering, securing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Minehead, in the County of Somerset; and for the more effectual carrying the said Acts into Execution; and also for the better securing the ancient Dues payable to the Lord or Lady of the Manor of Minehead for the Time being.

27. An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act of the twenty-fourth Year of his late Majesty, for making the River Nar navigable, from the Town and Port of King's Lynn to Westacre in the County of Norfolk, and for making the said Act more effectual.

28. An Act for rebuilding the Common Gaol of the County of Essex.

29. An Act to explain, amend, and make more effectual, an Act passed in the fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley and Beckingham, of Rokesley otherwise Ruxley, and Little and Lessness, in the County of Kent; and one other Act passed in the sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for extending the Provisions of the said Act to the Hundred of Wallington, in the County of Surrey

30. An Act for rectifying a Mistake in an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for better securing the Duties of Customs upon certain Goods removed from the Out Ports and other Places to London; for regulating the Fees of the Officers of his Majesty's Customs in the Province of Senegambia in Africa; for allowing to the Receivers general of the Duties on Offices and Employments in Scotland, a proper Compensation for their Trouble and Expences; for the better Preservation of Hollies, Thorns, and Quicksets, in Forests, Chaces, and private Grounds, and of Trees and Underwoods in Forests and Chaces; and for authorising the Exportation of a limited Quantity of an inferior Sort of Barley, called Bigg, from the Port of Kirkwall in the islands of Orkney.

31. An Act for extending like Liberty, in the Exportation of Rice from East and West Florida to the Southward of Cape Finisterre in Europe, as is granted, by former Acts of Parliament, to Carolina and Georgia.

32. An Act for defraying the Expence of building the New Office of Excise in London, out of his Majesty's Revenue of Excise.

33. An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy.

34. An Act for rendering more effectual several Acts for providing a Publick Reward for discovering the Longitude at Sea; for improving the Lunar Tables constructed by the late Professor Mayer; and for encouraging Discoveries and Improvements useful to Navigation.

35. An Act to enable the Governor, Council, and Assembly of his Majesty's Colony of New York, to pass an Act of Assembly for creating and issuing upon Loan Paper Bills of Credit to a certain Amount; and to make the same a legal Tender in Payments into the Loan Offices and Treasury of the said Colony.

36. An Act for redeeming the Capital or Joint Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum, established by an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of two Millions, to be raised by way of Annuities and a Lottery, and charged on the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament; and for extending to Ireland the Laws made tn this Kingdom against private and unlawful Lotteries.

37. An Act for continuing so much of an Act made in the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend two Acts made in the twenty-first and twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America; and for the extending the Provisions of an Act of the thirtieth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Spanish Prize Goods taken since the late Declaration of War with Spain, as relates to encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America; and for explaining so much of an Act made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs in America; and for extending the same to the Naval Officers there.

38. An Act for continuing the Bounties on British and Irish Linens exported; for further discontinuing the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; and for granting a Bounty on the Exportation of British checqued and striped Linens, and upon British and Irish Diapers, Huckabacks, Sheeting, and other Linen of above a certain Breadth.

39. An Act for registering the Prices at which Corn is sold in the Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and imported.

40. An Act for appropriating a Fund, established by an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on certain Foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom, and for establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the Raising and pressing of Hemp and Flax.

41. An Act to enable the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrants to make out new Writs for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the Room of such Members as shall die during the Recess of Parliament.

42. An Act to indemnify such Persons in Great Britain and Ireland. as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; for allowing further Time for registering and inrolling Agreements entered into for enclosing Commons, for the Purpose of planting and preserving Trees for Timber or Underwood; and for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

43. An Act for repealing the Duties upon Bast or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horsehair Hats and Bonnets, and upon certain Materials for making the same, imported into this Kingdom; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of such Goods.

44. An Act for more effectually preventing Traders in Exciseable Commodities from using false Weights and Scales; and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs.

45. An Act to prevent the further Spreading of the contagious Disorder among the Horned Cattle in Great Britain.

46. An Act for establishing a Lottery, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

47. An Act for better regulating Persons employed in the Service of the East India Company, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

48. An Act for making the Receiving of stolen Jewels, and Gold and Silver Plate, in the Case of Burglary and Highway Robbery, more penal.

49. An Act for continuing and amending several Acts for preventing Abuses in making Bricks and Tiles.

50. An Act for the further preventing Delays of Justice by reason of Privilege of Parliament.

51. An Act to encourage the Improvement of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, held under Settlements of strict Entail.

52. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

53. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Coal-heavers working upon the River Thames; and for enabling them to make Provision for such of themselves as shall be sick, same, or past their Labour, and for their Widows and Orphans; and to regulate the Price of their Labour; to prevent Frauds and Impositions on such Labourers; and for their further Relief.

54. An Act for amending the Road from Saint Stephen's Gate, in the City of Norwich, to Block Hill in Trowse, at the Angle where the Road divides to Bixley and Kirby, in the County of Norfolk.

55. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Cardigan.

56. An Act for the better maintaining, regulating, and employing, the Poor within the Parish of Saint Paul Shadwell, in the County of Middlesex.

57. An Act for the better regulating the Navigation of the River Trent, from Wilden Ferry, otherwise Cavendish Bridge, in the County of Derby, to Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln.

58. An Act for amending the Road from Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, through Thame and Little Milton, to the Turnpike Road between Bensington and Shillingford, in the County of Oxford.

59. An Act to continue and render more effectual an Act of the thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the Borough of Lyme Regis; and for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Three Ashes, in the Parish of Crewkerne, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned.

60. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act for for amending the Road from Christopher's Bridge, in the Borough of Thetford, in the County of Suffolk, to the North-east End of the Town of Newmarket, in the County of Cambridge.

61. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York, so far as the same relates to the Road from Leeds to Wakefield.

62. An Act for the repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Eaton Bridge Turnpike Road at Cockham Hill, in the Parish of Westerham, in the County of Kent, through the Village of Limpsfield, to the Village of Titsey, over Botley Hill, Worms Heath, and Willingham Common, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godstone, in the County of Surry.

63. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Upton, in the Parish of Ratley, to the North End of Bridge Street, in the Town of Great Kington; and from thence to the Guide Post at the Town of Wellesbourne Hastings, in the County of Warwick.

64. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Lewes to Brighthelmston, in the County of Sussex.

65. An Act for repairing the Road from the Bridge on the Old River at Barton, to Brandon Bridge, in the County of Suffolk.

66. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Tunstall, in the County of Stafford, to Bosley in the County of Chester; and from Great Chell, to Shelton in the said County of Stafford.

67. An Act for amending and widening the Road from Saint Benedict's Gate, in the County of the City of Norwich, to Swaffham, in the County of Norfolk, and from Halfpenny Bridge in Honingham, to the Bounds of Yaxham; and also a Lane called Hangman's Lane, near the Gates of the said City.

68. An Act for continuing the Terms, and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts of Parliament made for repairing the Road from Ipswich to Clevdon, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Suffolk

69. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act of the eighteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick (through Elmdom) to a Lane leading by the End of Stonebridge in the said County.

70. An Act to enlarge the Term contained in two several Acts of Parliament, and to grant a further Term and Powers for the more effectual repairing, widening, and amending the Road from a Place called Earl's Kill in Warrington, to the Toll Bars in Wallgate in Wigan, both in the County of Lancaster.

71. An Act to continue two Acts of the third and seventeenth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to Enfield Chace, in the Parish of South Mims, in the County of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill in the County of Hertford.

72. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Bicester in the County of Oxford, to Aylesbury in the County of Bucks.

73. An Act to impower the Justices of the Peace for the County of Devon to apply a Sum of Money, out of the County Stock, for the opening, making, and maintaining a convenient and commodious Highway, from the High Street in the City of Exeter to the Castle of Exeter.

74. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the twentieth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cirencester in the County of Gloucester, to Birdlip Hill in the said County.

75. An Act for building a Workhouse in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex.

76. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road from New Chappell, in the County of Surry, over Copthorn, in the County of Sussex, through Lindfield, to the Town of Ditchling, up to the Top of Ditchling Bost Hills, in the said County of Sussex.

77. An Act for amending and widening the Road from Saint Stephen's Gate, in the County of the City of Norwich, to the Windmill in the Town of Watton, in the County of Norfolk.

78. An Act for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Belt in Stoke Ferry in the County of Norfolk.

79. An Act to enable the Parishioners of Saint Andrew Holborn, London, to purchase a Workhouse.

80. An Act for building a Workhouse for the Liberty of Saffron-Hill, Hatton-Garden, and Ely-Rents, in the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, in the County of Middlesex.

81. An Act for consolidating the Rates to be made for the Relief of the Poor of the respective Parishes of Saint Thomas, Saint Edmund, and Saint Martin, in the City of New Sarum.

82. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, and to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so for as the said Act relates to the repairing and widening the Road from Hindhead Heath, in the County of Surry, through Fernherst Lane and Midhurst, to the City of Chichester, in the County of Sussex; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Chichester aforesaid to Delkey, in the said County.

83. An Act to continue and render more effectual several Acts for repairing and amending the Road from Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, through Bugden and Alconbury to the Top of Alconbury Hill, and from Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall to Great Stoughton Common, in the County of Huntingdon; and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road at or near the Ferry-house, in the Parish of Tempsford, to and through Little Barford, Eynesbury, and Saint Neots, to the Turnpike Road at the End of Cross Hall Lane.

84. An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act of the twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, "for repairing and widening the Road from Sutton, in the County of Surrey, through the Borough of Reigate, by Sidlow Mill, to Povey Cross, and from Sutton aforesaid, through Cheam, and over Howell Hill, to Ewell, and also the Road from Tadworth, by the Windmill, to the Bottom of Pebble Hill, in the said County;" and for impowering the Trustees appointed by an Act of the tenth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Surrey and Sussex, to make a yearly Allowance to the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the twenty-eighth of George the Second, and for taking certain Roads out of the Power of the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the tenth of George the First, and putting them under the Direction of the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the twenty-eighth of George the Second; and for repairing the Road from Povey Cross, in the County of Surrey, to the Oak dividing the Counties of Surrey and Sussex; and also the Road from Woodhatch to Peteridge Lane, in the County of Surrey.

85. An Act for repairing and widening the several Roads from the South Gate, in the Borough of King's-Lynn, into the Parishes of East Walton, Narborough, Stoke-Ferry, and Downham-Market, in the County of Norfolk.

86. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the East Gate, in the Borough of King's-Lynn, into the Parishes of Geyton and Grimstone, and to the Gate next Millington, on Congham Common, and to the North End of Babingley Lane, in the County of Norfolk.

87. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, "for repairing and widening the Road from the East End of West Taphouse Lane to the Borough of Liskeard, and from thence to Coomb Row House, and also the Road from the said Borough of Liskeard to Craft Hole, and from thence to Crimble Passage and Tar Point, and from Craft Hole aforesaid to Saint German's Beacon, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon," and for amending the Roads from Barn Street to Duloe Church, and from Lux Street to Crathick Ford, and from Bull Post to Treworgey Cross, in the County of Cornwall.

88. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Aldermaston Great Bridge, in the County of Berks.

89. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Stockport in the County of Chester, to Saxon's Lane End in the County of Lancaster, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned.

90. An Act to continue, amend, and render more effectual the several Acts now subsisting for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Stone Bridge, in the County of Warwick.

91. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Bromyard, in the County of Hereford, therein mentioned; and for amending several other Roads adjoining thereto.

92. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Worksop to the Turnpike Road at Kelham, and from Debdale Hill to the Great Northern Road at South Muskham, in the County of Nottingham.

93. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, near the Town of Hamilton, in the County of Lanark, and for making and repairing certain Roads and Avenues leading to the same.

94. An Act for amending the Road from Wellsbourn Mountfort, to Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick.

95. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Brighthelmston, to the County Oak on Lovell Heath, in the County of Sussex.

96. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Bury Saint Edmunds, to the Town of Newmarket, in the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge; and from the South End of the Ferry Street in Brandon, to Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said County of Suffolk.

97. An Act to extend the Provisions in two Acts passed in the third and fifth Years of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cambridge to Ely, and from Ely to Littleport, and other Roads therein mentioned, to the Road from Willburton to Mepall; and for making other Provision for repairing the said Road from Ely to Littleport; and for making and keeping in Repair a Road from Littleport to Chequer Corner in Downham, in the Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk.

98. An Act for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, to the Turnpike Road at Randle Carr Lane Head in Fernilee, in the County of Derby, leading to Chapel in the Frith, in the same County.

99. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Borough of Tamworth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Stafford, Warwick and Derby.

100. An Act to continue the Term, and to vary and enlarge the Powers of two Acts of the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways from Speenhamland, in the County of Berks, to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts; and for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned.

101. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Burford to Banbury, in the County of Oxford; and from Burford aforesaid to the Turnpike Road leading to Stow, in the County of Gloucester, at the Bottom of Stow-hill; and from Swerford-gate, in the said County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road in Aynho, in the County of Northampton.

102. An Act to amend an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making a navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, at or near Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Runcorn Gap; and for granting further Powers for that Purpose.

103. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal from the River Severn, between Bewdley and Titton Brook, in the County of Worcester, to cross the River Trent, at or near Heywood Mill, in the County of Stafford, and to communicate with a Canal intended to be made between the said River Trent and the River Mersey; and for granting further Powers for that Purpose.

104. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde, to the City of Glasgow, and for building a Bridge cross the said River, from the said City, to the Village of Gorbells.

105. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal, and Waggon Way, from the Collieries in the Parishes of Old and New Monkland, to the City of Glasgow.

106. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act made in the thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Village of Magor, to the Bridge Foot in the Town of Chepstow in the County of Monmouth, and other Roads in the Counties of Monmouth and Gloucester; and for repairing and widening several other Roads adjoining to the said Roads.

107. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of three Acts for repairing the Highways through the several Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex.

108. An Act for continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual, so much of three Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Seven-oakes, Tunbridge-Wells, and Kipping's-Cross, to Lamberhurst-Pound, and Pullin's Hill, in the County of Kent; and to Flimwell-Vent, in the County of Sussex; as relates to the Road leading from Sevenoakes Common to Woodsgate, Tunbridge-Wells, and Kipping-Cross, in the said County of Kent.

109. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Louth, in the County of Lincoln.

110. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor of the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the Liberty of Westminster, and County of Middlesex.

111. An Act for compleating the Navigation of the River Swale, from its Junction with the River Ure to Morton Bridge, and of Bedale Brook in the County of York, and for repealing Part of an Act made in the seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign relating thereto.

112. An Act for building a new Parish Church, and declaring the present Parish Church a Chapel; for making a Cosmetery or Church-yard; and for building a House for the Use of the Minister of the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex.

113. An Act for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Roads from Butterton Moor End near Oncott, in the County of Stafford, to the three Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road leading from Buxton to Ashborne, in the County of Derby, and from Blockton Moor, in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Buxton to Ashborne near Newhaven, in the County of Derby and from Warslow to Ecton Mine, in the County of Stafford.

114. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal from Leeds Bridge, in the County of York, to the North Lady's Walk in Liverpool in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and from thence to the River Mersey.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 10 Georgii III.

1. AN Act to enable the Right Honourable George Sackville, commonly called Lord George Sackville, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of Germain, pursuant to the Will of the Right Honourable the Lady Elizabeth Germain, deceased.

2. An Act for naturalizing John Caspar Schneider.

3. An Act for naturalizing Adam Kroll.

4. An Act for naturalizing John Daniel Cailler.

5. An Act to enable the Bishop of Bristol to grant a Lease or Leases of a Close of Ground, commonly called Tha Bishop's Park, in the Parish of Saint Augustine, otherwise called Saint Augustine the Less, within the City of Bristol or the Suburbs thereof.

6. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the Open Fields, and certain Commonable Places, in the Parish of Halloughton, in the County of Leicester.

7. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the Open Fields, in Ratby, in the Parish of Ratby, and County of Leicester.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Waddington, in the County of the City of Lincoln.

9. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Saddington, in the County of Leicester.

10. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Scawby, in the County of Lincoln.

11. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, within the Manor or Lordship of Brampton, in the Parish of Longmarton, in the County of Westmoreland.

12. An Act for dividing and inclosing an Open Common, or Tract of Ground, Parcel of Mendip, in the Parishes of East Cranmore and West Cranmore, in the County of Somerset.

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, or Waste Ground, called Derby Hills, in the County of Derby, Parcel of the Manor of Castle Donington, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Grounds, in the Parish of Blackbourton, in the County of Oxford.

15. An Act to enable William Harwood, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Backwell, pursuant to the Will of William Backwell, deceased.

16. An Act to enable William Head Esquire, a Minor, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of James only, and to bear the Coat Armour of the Family of John James Esquire, deceased.

17. An Act for naturalizing Christian Gottlieb Schuster.

18. An Act for naturalizing John Nicholas Jacquin.

19. An Act for naturalizing John Julius Angerstein.

20. An Act for vesting the Manor of Lymington, and certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts, settled by the Will of John Walker Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in the said County of Wilts, in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

21. An Act for discharging certain Estates from the Uses and Trusts thereof, created in and by an Act of Parliament passed in the twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for charging the settled and unsettled Estates of Gilbert Caldicot Esquire, with raising Money, to pay his Debts and Incumbrances, and for limiting his unsettled Estates so charged to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement; and for charging the said Estates to the several Uses and Trusts therein mentioned.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields and Grounds, within the Parish of Benniworth, in the County of Lincoln.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Navenby, in the County of Lincoln.

24. An Act for dividing and inclosing Part of the Common Fields, in the Parish of Uppingham, in the County of Rutland.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Lands, Grounds, and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Winterton, in the County of Lincoln.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Township and Manor of Thornton, in Bradford Dale, in the West Riding of the County of York.

27. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Downs, Meadows, and Waste Lands, within the Manor or Manors of Compton, in the Parish of Enford, in the County of Wilts.

28. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Parish of Bassenthwaite, in the County of Cumberland.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Copses, and Commonable Ground, within the Parish of Denton, otherwise Divington Parva, in the County of Northampton.

30. An Act for dividing and inclosing Wyvill Heath, in the Lordship of Wyvill cum Hungerton, in the County of Lincoln.

31. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Parcel of Open Ground, called Dunnington Moor, in the East Riding of the County of York.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pasture, and other uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of West Heslerton and Parish of Yeddingham, in the East Riding of the County of York.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Bottesford, including the Hamlets of Easthorse and Normanton, in the County of Leicester.

34. An Act for dividing and inclosing two common stinted Pastures, and a certain Moor or Common, within the Manor of Bellerby, in the North Riding of the County of York.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Parcel of Open Ground, in the Township of Earswick, in the County of York.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Waste Ground, in the Lordship or Liberty of Ravenstone, otherwise Raunston, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Lands, and Downs, within the Manor and Parish of Westwell, in the County of Oxford.

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Bulkington, in the County of Warwick.

39. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Parts of the Common Arable Fields, and me Common Meadows, Pasture Grounds, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Sherburn, Lennerton, Barkston-Ash, Church Fenton, Little Fenton, and Biggin, in the County of York.

40. An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for dividing a certain Fen, called The Haute Huntre, Eight Hundred, or Holland Fen, and certain ether Commonable Places adjoining thereto, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln.

41. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for draining and improving certain Low Marsh, and Fen Lands, lying between Boston Haven and Bourne, in the Parts of Kesteven and Holland, in the County of Lincoln, and for improving the Navigation through the said Lands.

42. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Cow Pasture, Lammas Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Simpson, in the County of Bucks.

43. An Act for naturalizing John Jacob Appach.

44. An Act for naturalizing John Gottfried Hanman.

45. An Act for vesting a certain Messuage or Tenement, with the Appurtenances, in Arlington Street, in the County of Middlesex, Part of the settled Estate of the most Noble Evelyn Duke of Kingston, in Trustees and their Heirs, in Trust for the said Duke; and for settling other Estates of the said Duke to the same Uses as the said Messuage and Premises now stand limited.

46. An Act for vesting several Lands and Tenements, settled and intailed upon Jacob Pleydell Bouverie, commonly called Viscount Folkstone, and William Earl of Radnor, and their Issue respectively, by the Will of Sir Mark Stuart Pleydell Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, to discharge Incumbrances; and for vesting several Lands and Tenements settled and intailed upon the said Earl and his issue, by the Will of Sir Edward Des Bouverie Baronet deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in lieu thereof.

47. An Act for vesting the Fee Simple and Inheritance of certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Winterbourne Clenston, in the County of Dorset, in Trustees, for the Right Honourable Joseph Lord Milton and his Heirs, discharged of the several charitable Uses to which the same now stands limited; and in lieu thereof to subject and charge the same, and other Lands and Hereditaments in the same County, whereof the said Joseph Lord Milton, is seised in Fee, with the Payment of a perpetual Rent Charge of greater Value, and for other Purposes.

48. An Act to enable the Right Honourable George Lord Edgecombe, to grant building Leases of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Manor of Stonehouse, otherwise East Stonehouse, in the County of Devon.

49. An Act for confirming an Agreement, afterwards made an Order of Assize, and Rule of his Majesty's Court of King’s Bench at Westminster, in a Cause wherein John Doe, on the Demise of William Salvin Esquire and Catherine his Wife was Plaintiff, and Margaret Thornton and Mary Thornton, Spinsters, Infants, by their Guardians, were Defendants, touching the Manor of Netherwitton, Capital Messuage of Netherwitton, and other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Northumberland, heretofore the Estate of John Thornton, late of Netherwitton aforesaid, Esquire, deceased; and for confirming the Award made in pursuance of the said Agreement.

50. An Act to impower the Trustees named in the Settlement of Sir George Robinson Baronet, and Dame Dorothea his Wife, to grant Building and Repairing Leases of the settled Estates in or near Tower-Hill, within the Liberty of the Tower of London; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

51. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Estates devised by William Hulme Esquire, to grant Building Leases thereof, and to increase the Number of Exhibitioners in Brasen Nose College, Oxford, founded by the said Testator; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

52. An Act for vesting the Manor of Snelston, and certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Snelston, in the County of Derby, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Thomas Docksey Esquire, in Trustees, in Trust to sell and convey the same to Arthur Bowyer Gentleman, and his Heirs, discharged from the Uses of the said Settlement; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof to the same Uses.

53. An Act for vesting the Share and Interest of George Rich Esquire, second Son of Sir Robert Rich Baronet, deceased, of and in 6000l. (which, by the Settlement made on the Marriage of the said Sir Robert Rich, with Dame Elizabeth Rich, his now Widow, was secured for the Benefit of their younger Children) in the Executors of the said Sir Robert Rich, as Part of his Personal Estate, pursuant to a Codicil to his. Will, made for that Purpose.

54. An Act for Sale of the settled Estate of the Honourable George Hobart, in the County of Leicester; and for inverting the Monies to arise from such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the like Uses.

55. An Act for establishing and confirming an Exchange of divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Dovebridge, in the County of Derby, for other Lands and Hereditaments, in the same Parish, pursuant to an Agreement between John Fitzherbert Clerk, Master of Arts, Vicar of the Vicarage and Parish Church of Dovebridge, within the Diocese of Litchfield and Coventry, and Sir Henry Cavendish Baronet, by and with the Consent of the Patron of the said Vicarage, and the Ordinary of the Diocese.

56. An Act for impowering the Guardians named in the Will of William Throckmorton Bromley Esquire, deceased, to make Sale of Timber growing upon Part of his settled Estates; and for investing the Money thereby arising in the Purchase of Lands for the Benefit of his Infant Children.

57. An Act for establishing, ratifying, and confirming, all Sales, Partitions, and Divisions, made, or to be made, by virtue of the Powers or Authorities contained in the several Marriage Settlements of Sir Walter Blount Baronet, and the Honourable Dame Mary his Wife, and of the Honourable Thomas Clifford the elder, and the Honourable Barbara his Wife, and for other Purposes.

58. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of York and Derby, for the Maintenance of the poor Persons in the Hospital of Gilbert Earl of Shrewsbury, long since deceased, situate at Sheffield, in the said County of York; and for enlarging the Buildings of the said Hospital, and adding more poor Persons to those already established therein; and for enlarging the Powers contained in the said Act, and for other Purposes.

59. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Meadows, Pasture Leys, and stinted common Pastures, in the Township and Parish of Matton, in the County of Lincoln.

60. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Little Stretton, in the Parish of Norton, and County of Leicester.

61. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Liberties of Stoke Goldington, in the County of Bucks.

62. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Souldrop, in the County of Bedford.

63. An Act For dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pasture, and all other Open, Common, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Normanton upon Soar, in the County of Nottingham.

64. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Neot's, in the County of Huntingdon.

65. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Abington Pigotts, otherwise Abington in the Clay, in the County of Cambridge.

66. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and the Midsummer and Lammas and other Commonable Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds, and the Common or Waste Ground called Aulcester Heath, within the Manor of Aulcester, in the County of Warwick.

67. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Westborough and Doddington, in the Parish of Westborough cum Doddington, in the County of Lincoln.

68. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Commons, Within the Township and Parish of Croat Useburne, in the West Riding of the County of York.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Downs, Commons, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Ashbury, in the County of Berks.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Notgrove, in the County of Gloucester.

71. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of East Newton, in the Parish of Aldborough, in Holderness, in the County of York.

72. An Act for dividing certain Commons, or Wastes, in the Parish of Saint Mary Newington, commonly called Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey, and disposing of the same for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish.

73. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Foxton, in the County of Leicester.

74. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of John Earl of Clanricarde, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, discharged of the Uses and Trusts of his Marriage Articles, and a voluntary Settlement made by him; and for resettling the same to the several Uses, and upon the Trusts, therein mentioned.

75. An Act for vesting a Messuage in Pall Mall, and the Pictures and Furniture thereunto belonging, in George Earl of Orford, discharged from certain Trusts created thereof; and for settling Freehold Lands, in the County of Norfolk, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the Uses therein mentioned.

76. An Act to enable the surviving Executor named in the Will of William Lock Esquire, deceased, to lay out the Residue of the Personal Estate of the said William Lock, or some Part thereof, in the Purchase of Estates in Ireland, to be conveyed, settled, and assured, to the Uses, upon the Trusts, and for the Intents and Purposes, and subject to the Powers and Provisoes, mentioned, declared, and contained, in and by the said Will, instead of laying out the same in the Purchase of Estates in England, as by the said Will is directed.

77. An Act for enabling Thomas Cartwright Esquire to sell, in Fee Simple, Part of the settled Estates of the said Thomas Cartwright, to discharge Incumbrances; and for settling the Remainder of the said Estates to the several Uses therein mentioned.

78. An Act for vesting the Freehold Estates, late of James Nelthorpe Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in order that the same, or a sufficient Part thereof, may he sold, to raise Money, to be applied to pay off the Debts and Incumbrances charged upon and affecting the same; and for laying out the Surplus of the Purchase money upon the Trusts, and for the Purposes therein expressed.

79. An Act For confirming a Jointure made by John Martin Esquire, under a Power contained in the Will of James Martin Esquire, deceased, and rendering the same Power more effectual.

80. An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates late of Richard Champneys Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

81. An Act for vesting certain Manors and Lands, in the County of Norfolk, Part of the settled Estates of Charlotte Countess of Aylesford, and her issue, in Heneage Earl of Aylesford, and his Heirs; and for settling other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Warwick, the Estates of the said Earl, of greater and better Value, to the like Uses, in lieu thereof.

82. An Act for vesting several Messuages, or Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate and being in Stable Yard Street, in the Parish of Greenwich, in the County of Kent, lately the Estate of Thomas Elvey Bricklayer, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold to the Commissioners, or Governors, and Directors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, for the Use of the said Hospital; and for applying the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be conveyed to such Uses as the said Messuage or Tenements do now stand limited.

83. An Act to enable Charles Anderson (now called Charles Pelham), Charles Anderson the Uncle, and Evelyn Anderson, Esquires, to make jointures, upon their respective Marriages, out of the Estates devised to them by the Will of Charles Pelham, late of Brocklesby, in the County of Lincoln, Esquire, deceased.

84. An Act for vesting the two Undivided Fourth Parts of Priscilla Allett (the Wife of John Allett Esquire) and of William James Warner, Samuel George Warner, Rebecca Warner, and Mary Jane Charlotte Warner, the only Children of Alice Warner (the late Wife of William Warner Gentleman), of and in the Manors or reputed Manors of Great Bourton and Little Bourton, and divers Messuages. Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Great Bourton and Little Bourton, in the County of Oxford, in Trustees, to sell and convey the same to William Prowett Gentleman; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, to be secured and transferred in Manner therein mentioned.

85. An Act to confirm, and render valid and effectual, a Partition of divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Somerset, Wilts, Worcester, Dorset, Surrey, and Middlesex, and in the City of London, late the Estates of Thomas Prowse Esquire, deceased, and which, upon the Death of George Prowse Esquire, his only Son, devolved upon, and vested in, the two Daughters and Coheiresses of the said Thomas Prowse deceased; and for settling and assuring the Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, which, upon the said Partition, have been allotted as the specific Part or Share of each of the said Daughters, to the several Uses therein limited.

86. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Common Pastures, and other uninclosed Grounds, within the Township or Territories of Upper Dunsford and Branton, in the County of York.

87. An Act for inclosing several Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Welton, in the County of Lincoln.

88. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Grounds, Commons, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of Comberford and Wiggington, or Prebends of Wiggington and Cotan, in the County of Stafford.

89. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, a Cow Pasture, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parishes of Great Carlton and Castle Carlton, in the County of Lincoln.

90. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds, within the Township of Great Cowden, in the several Parishes of Mapleton and Aldbrough, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York.

91. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Mattersey, in the County of Nottingham.

92. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Open Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Easington, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York.

93. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in East Heslerton, in the Parish of West Heslerton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

94. An Act for dividing and inclosing such of the Open Parts of the District called the Forest of Knaresborough, in the County of York, as lie within the eleven Constableries thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

95. An Act to enable the Right Honourable James Grenville, the Right Honourable Robert Craggs Lord Viscount Clare, and the Right Honourable Welbore Ellis, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster Genera), of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

96. An Act to enable the Right Honourable Robert Lord Viscount Clare, the Right Honourable Welbore Ellis, and the Right Honourable George Lord Edgecumbe, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. quinto.

At the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster the nineteenth Day of May, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and sixty-one, in the first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

And from thence continued by several Prorogations to the tenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; Being the fourth Session of the twelfth Parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited time.

[Preamble.]

---

'WHEREAS the permitting the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter into the Kingdom of Great Britain, from Ireland, for a limited Time, may, at this Time, be a great Advantage to both Kingdoms;' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[The Importation 

That the Importation of all Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, into the Kingdom of Great Britain {tom Ireland, shall be, and is hereby permitted, allowed, and of Suited Provi-authorised, for and during the Term of Twelve Months from the Commencement of this Act; and that lions allowed all Persons shall be, and are hereby exempted, freed, and discharged, from the Payment of all Subsidies, from lrfl*nd,h Custnm', Rates, Duties, or other Impositions, and also from all Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, and PunishT for 12 Mouths $ ments, for or upon account of importing or bringing Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, or Butter, into the Kingdom of Great Britain from Ireland, during the T erm aforesaid, other than such as herein after are mentioned in respect thereof; any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and, to the Intent that the Revenue arising from Salt may not he prejudiced by fuel) of the foLow?oc Importation of S ilted Beef, Pork, Bacon, or Butter, from Ireland, be it enacted, That from the Commence- s4|t Dutici^ nient of this present Act, during the Continuance thereof, there shall be paid to such Officer as the Com- ti*. 3*. 44. per missioners for the Duties on Salt for the time being shall appoint, at the Port in Great Britain into which Brrel for Beef such Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, or Butter, shall, in pursuance of this Act, be imported from Ireland, ancj orfP°jk rI before any Part thereof fhrdl be delivered out to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall belong or he \v>i?ht toT»U° consigned, the Sum of three Shillings and four Pence for every Barrel or Cnfk of Salted Beef or Pork to dried Beef, N-»t* be imported during the Continuance of this Act, containing thirty-two Gallons, and so in Proportion for Tonpue«, and any greater or Idler Quantity; and for every hundred Weight of Bacon, Salted Beef called Dried Beef, f,rP mcatI Hr.id N<*ars Tongues, and dried Hog-meat, the Sum of one billing and three Pence; and for every hun- *Vrx^ht for drrd Wc.ght of all fu( h Salted Butter, the Sum of four Pence; and so in Proportion for any greater of s*hcd Butter j Idler Quantity than an hundred Weight, of ary such Sah^d Beef called Dried Beef, Bacon, dried Neats and so in Pro-Tongue% or dried Hog-meat, as or for Custom, or for Duty, on or in respect thereof: The Money so port on for ill arising by the Importation of the said Salted Beef, Pork, Baron, dried Beef, dried Neats 'Longues, dried !l,re Q,ant,r,ef* H >3 meat, or Butter, to be paid into his Majesty's Exchequer ns Part of the Duties on Salt, laid by an T^d over! mot he Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and continued by fcvc: tVc rquen* ral subsequent Acts. Parr of the Du»

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, after the *»« Commencement and during the Contimnncc ol this Act, land any such Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, of Buffer, or any Salted Bctf called Dried Beef, dried Neats'Longues, or dried Hog meat, into the Kingdom

2 C. 2, 3. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

first paid, mfor-

dom of Great Britain, from Ireland, before Payment of the Duty or Duties by this Act specified and direct-fu»ed j together^ t}ie farae 11 be forfeited and lost, and twenty Shillings per Barrel for every Barrel or Cask of such pjrrcfror alY Beef or Pork, and 4w«my Shillings per hundred Weight for every hundred Weight of such Bacon,

licet* and Pork, Salted Beef called Dried Beef, dried Neats Tongues, dried Hog-meat, or salted Butter, and so in Propor-and2o$- per ico tion for any greater or lesser Quantity, to be recovered of the Importer or Proprietor thereof; and that it Weight for all shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, being an Officer or Officers of the Customs, or Bu*tcr^Cat "n<* k*s Many’s Duties upon Salt, to take and seize all such Commodities as shall be imported and landed, ft*,every, Miti contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, together with the Casks, Vessels, and Package con-ix-ion, and Ap taining the same; and that all such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be distributed in Manner following; that 1 \ ca«K*n, of the is to say, one Moiety thereof to the King, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the

i'tnaluci, Person or Persons who shall seize, sue, or inform for the same; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint, or Information, in *oy of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland', or may be foed for, recovered, and mitigated, as any Forfeiture or Penalty may be sued for, recovered, and in it ignited, by any of the Laws relating to the Duties on Salt.

Nj Drawback to

IV. Provided always, and be it hereby enacted, That no Drawback shall be allowed or paid for any Exportation01 Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, or Butter, so imported into the Kingdom of Great Britain, from Ireland^ thereof else- anc* which shall be exported from Great Britain elsewhere.

where.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants, in General Min. any such Action or Suit, may plead the General Mue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon 5 and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defend-

ants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or difcoolinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Treble Cota Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

CAP. II.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cvder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five.

EXP.

CAP. III.

An Act for extending the Time granted by an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty* for allowing his Majesty's Subjects to import their Goods and Effectr* being the Produce of certain Places ceded to France and Spain by the late Treaty of Peace, upon Payment of the same Duties as they would have been liable to if the same PJaces had remained in his Majesty's Possession.

Gamble, fecit-

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament passed in the third Year of the Reign of his present Ma-EigAct3*c*©. jetty* intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the JU. c. *7. Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three; and for further appropriating the Supplies %ranted iif this Session of Parliament; and for allowing his Majesty's Subjects to import their Goods and Ljfefls,

being the Produce cf certain Places cedid to France and Spain by the late Treaty of Peace, upon Payment of the same Duties as they would have been liable to if such Places had remained in his Majestfs Possession; reciting, That, by the definitive Treaty of Peace between his Majesty and the Crowns of France and Spain% L ratified the tenth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, the Islands of Guadeloupe, Marie Galante, Defir ade, Martini co, and Gcrce, are ceded to France, and all that his Majesty bad conquered in the Island of Cuba is ceded to Spain; and the Term of eighteen Months, to be computed from the Day of the Ratification of the said Treaty, is thereby allowed to British Subjects to transport

their Effects from those Islands; and also reciting. That the Produce of those Places, imported into this Kingdom after the Restitution thereof to France and Spain, would be subject to higher Duties than they were liable to during the Time ihcv remained in his Majesty's Possession; and that to the End his Majesty's Subjects, having Effects in the Places before-mentioned, might have all due Encouragement and Opportunity to bring the same from thence, it is enacted, That it should and might be lawful for any of his Majesty's Subjects to import into this Kingdom, at any Time before the first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and Cxty-four, and no longer, in British Ships navigated according to Law, directly from the Places before-mentioned, any Goods or Effects being the Growth or Produce thereof respectively, upon Payment of such and the like Customs and Duties only, as would be due and payable for the same if such Places had remained and were in the Possession of his Majesty; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding: And whereas many of his Majesty's Subjects, under Sanction of the find Act, sent out Ships (or the Purpose of importing their Goods and Effects from the said Places into*

this Kingdom; which Ships, from various Circumstances, could not arrive in any of the Ports of Great Britain before the said First Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, the Time limited by the said Act: And whereas several of the said Ships arrived in Great Britain since the said first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, and the Goods and Effects therein imported, are now detained, being subject to further Customs and Duties than they would have been subject to if % the said Ships had arrived before the said first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and sixty-

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 4, 5, 6, 7, 8. 3

four; and several others of the said Ships are not yet arrived:’ In order therefore that his Majesty's said p*?ID* Subjects may have Relief, agreeable to the good Intentions of the said Act May it please your Majesty, that ^eiNoTi^J* it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majen>, by and with the Advice and aicl0 ray ‘rUch4 Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common?, in this present Parliament assembled, and Drnics only, *9 by the Authority of the same, That the said Goods and Effects, lo imported as aforesaid lince the said first they would ha^ Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, shall be subj^ct to such and the like Customs and Duties only, as they would have been subject and liable to if they had been imported into this Kingdom Ticm°cr?

any Time before the said first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four; and it shall and such is/ha'il and may be lawful for any of his Majesty's Subjects to import into this Kingdom, at any Time before the bedniy imported, first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, and no longer, in British Ships navigated in like-Manner, according to Law, direfily from the Places before-mentioned, any Goods or Effects being the Growth or vutTysV Produce thereof respectively, upon Payment of such and the like Customs and Duties only, as would be due a^e to beldmit-and payable for the same if the same Places had remained and were in the Possession of his Majesty j any ted to like Pay-Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. meat also.

CAP. IV.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes.

Further Time allowed to 28th Nov. 1765.

CAP. V.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised In Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five.

EXP.

CAP. VI.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

EXP.

CAP. VII.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of B-ack~ be a: by of Bromley and Beckenham, of Rokesley, otherwise Ruxley, and of Little and Le£i.\ /j, in the County of Kent.

WHEREAS many Persons residing, trading, or dealing within the Hundreds of Blackhead'* of pxcac.l!

Bromley and Beckenham* of Rokesley, otherwise called Ruxley, and Little and Lejftufs, in the County of Kent* frequently contract Small Debts, which, in the Whole, amount yearly to a great Sum of Mo*

ney 5 and although they are well able, often refuse to pay such Debts; presuming on the Difficulties their Creditors lie under, by the great Expence they are unavoidably put to, and the Delays they meet with, in suing for the same: And as an easy and speedy Method of recovering Small Debts within the said Hun- dredi will greatly contribute to promote Industry, and support and encourage useful Credit therein May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and ParlftionertM for all and every the Parishioners of the several and respective Parishes herein after mentioned, within the meet in VtArj, said Hundreds, who have a Right to assemble in Vestry within the same respective Parishes; and they are hereby respectively impowered and required to meet upon the third Tuesday after the Day of passing this Act, and upon every Tuesday next after the Feast of Easter in every succceding Year and nominate, atlign, and »n<t nominate appoint, in the Whole, the Number of one hundred and forty-eight, or the most substantial and discrect cnc t'un, red *n<* Persons residing within their respective Parishes (who are to be Ctm mi (lionets for the Purposes herein aftci ^r:y*c,£h* mentioned and expressed) in Manner following; videlicet* Such Parishioners of the Parish of East Greenwich* ,nmi ,on€r5# nominate, assign, and appoint twenty-five of the said Persons; such Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Nnhclas* Deptford* other twelve; such Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Paul's Deptford* other twelve $ lueh Parishioners of the Parish of Woolwuk* other Twenty; such Parishioners of the Parish of Lewidam* other fifteen; such Parishioners of the Parish of E It bum* other eight; such Parishioners of the Parish of (ft ijlebutft, other fix; such Parishioners of the Parish of Charlton* other fix; such Parishi *ners of the Parish of Lee* other Four; such Parishioners of the Parish of Bromley* other twelve; such Parishtoneis of tire Parish of ' Beckenham* orher fix; such Parishioners of the Parish of Bexley* other four; fui h Parishioners of the Paufh of Fooii Cray* other four; fin h Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Mary Cray* other four; such Paftfliioners of the Parish of Orpington* other four; such Parishioners of the Paiifhof Erith, other four; and such Parishmn-ers of the Pinlh of Ptum/Jead* other two: And the Churchwardens of each respective Parish aforesaid for the time b.ing, or one of them, shall, within three Days next after such Nomination, c«uie two Lifts to be made out of the several Persons lo respectively nominated and appointed as aforesaid; and shall cause one of Liflitofce zfftzA the said Lifts, 01 a uuc Copy thereof, to be affixed or ltuck upon the Church Door of their respective Pa- f* lh* ChuuU

Bi rishes Door,»

4 C. 8. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

*nd, Place of Meeting.

Commissioners

Power.

Mannernf summoning them;

They may Hr, though not in Rotation;

except when in-t :cfted.

Power to sue for ny Debt net excusing 401.

rishes; and shall deliver or cause to be delivered, the other of the said Litis lo the Clerks, for the time beings of the Court hereby constituted and appointed, or one of them, or the ir Deputy, who shall forthwith cause a Copy of such Lifts to be made and ituck up in the Place where the laic Commissioners shall meet and assemble for the Purposes of this Act; which id Persons so nominated and returned by and for the said several Parishes respectively, as aforesaid, from time to time, shall he, and are hereby declared, constituted, and appointed Commissioners, to hear and determine all fuel) Matters of Debt as are he: fin aficr mentioned j and such Commissioners so from time to time to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, are hereby constituted a Court of Justice, by the Name of The Court of Rrque/h for the Hundreds of Blackheath, ^/"Bromley and Beckenham, s/'Rokesley, otherwise Ruxlev, and of Little and Leilhefs, in the County of Kent: And the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, to assemble, fir, and hold the said Court in and for the said Hundreds, in feme convenient Pait of the said Parish of East Greenwich, once in every Week; that is to say. On every Tuesday weekly; and in any other Parish within the said Hundreds, on any other Day or Days in the Week, weekly, or every Fortnight, or monthly, as Occasion may be: And the said Commissioners so to be nominated and appointed for the time being, or any three or more of them, shall have Power and Authority, by virtue of this A cl, to hear and determine all such causes as are herein after mentioned, and to make such Orders, pronounce such Judgments, and make such Decrees, and to award Execution thereupon, with Cods, against the Body or Bodies, cr against the Goods and Chattles, of all and every the Person and Persons against whom they shall make any such Order, pronounce any such Decree, or give any such Judgement, as to them shall seem just in Law or Equ -

II. And, for the more orderly and regularly proceeding in the said Court, and that no undue Preference or Delay may be made or given in summoning the said Commissioners to attend the Business of the said Court; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerks of the said Court (who are hereby impowered and required from time to time so to do) shall, within four days next after such several Idfts (Em I! be returned to them as aforesaid, summon, or cause to be summoned, the first five Persons out of the f.ifl thirty-seven named in the said compleat Lift; the first five out of the second thirty-seven named in the said compleat Lift; the first five out of the third thirty-seven named in the said compleat Lift; and the* first five out of the fourth thirty seven named in the said compleat Lift; making in all twenty Persons, to attend as Commissioners of the said Court (or two Calendar Months then next following; and so the like Number of Persons out of every Lift, as they shall (land in Order and Rotation therein rtlpcctively, to serve as Commissioners for every two Months during the Term for which they are chosen Commissioners.

III. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or heconftrtied to extend, to exclude or debar any of the Persons who shall be nominated and returned for Commissioners as aforesaid (although they be not in Rotation) from fitting in the said Court; but that all such Commissioners shall and may, as often as they shall respectively think fit, fit and give Judgement therein.

IV. Provided also, That if any of the said Commissioners of the said Court, whether in Rotation or n^r, shall be a Party to, or interested in any Cause depending in the said Court, such Person shall not he capable of aefting as a Commissioner in the hearing or determining the said Cause, or making any O-fler. Judgement, or Decree therein; but after being heard in the Cause, shall withdraw, until the same rs finally determined: And if any Clerk, or other Officer of the said Court for the time being, shall be a Party tn or interested in any Cause, depending in the find Court, such Clerk or other Officer shall not exert ife his f I Office in the said Caufie, or any thing relating thereto; hut the said Commissioners, or any throe or more of them, assembled at such Court, shall and may appoint another Person to execute the Office of such Clerk nr other Officer respectively, in all Things reining t/> such Cause; and if the Commissioners so rftemb'eJ, shall happen to be equally divided upon any Question that may come before them, the Commissioner present, who {lands first in the List of Commissioners to be hung up in the Court-house or Place where they shall meet, shall have the calling Vote.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who now hath or have, or hereafter shall have, any Debt or Debts, not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings owing unto him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own Right, or as Executor, Administrator, Guardian, or Trustee, by or from any Person or Persons whomsoever, residing or inhabiting, or keeping any Shop, Shed, Stall, or Stand, or seeking a Livelihood, or trading or dealing within the said Hundreds, or any Part of either of them, to apply to either of the Clerks of the said Court for the time being, or their Deputy, who shall cause such Debtor or Debtors to be warned or summoned, by the Beadle or Officer of the said Court of Requests for the time being, either person illy or by Writing to be left at the Dwelling-house or Place of Abode, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or orher Place of Dealing or Working, of such Debtor or Debtors within the said Hundreds, or by any other reasonable Warning or Notice to be given to the said Debtor or Debtors, to appear before the Commissioners of the said Court, at some certain Court, and at some certain Place, in the same Summons or Notice to be mentioned, to answer touching such Debt or Debts respectively; and upon the Return of such Summons or Notice, and at the Time and Place therein mentioned, and at all Times afterwards, as there shall be Occasion, in case such Debtor or Debtors appear according to the said Summons or Notice, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall and may hear and determine concerning such Debt or Debts; and shall have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to make, or cause to be made, such Orders, and ro

five and pronounce such Judgements and Decrees, touching and concerning the same, and the Costs of such uit, as to them shall seem agreeable to Justice and Equity; which Acts, Orders, Judgements, and Decrees, shall be final between the Parties thereto; but in case such Debtor or Debtors shall not nnpear according to such Summons or Summonses, or Notice, as aforesaid, to answer touching such Debt or Debts, as aforesaid,

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 8. 5

then it shall and maybe lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them* upon Proof being made, upon Oath, before them, of the Service of the said Summons, or such Warning or Notice being given as aforesaid, to proceed ex parte to hear the Matter of the Complaint touching such Debt or Debts, and to make and pronounce thereupon such Order, Judgement, or Decree, concerning the same, as to them shall seem just and equitable; and shall set down and appoint some certain Time and Place, according to their Discretions, for such Debtor or Debtors to shew Cause, before the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, against such Order, Judge ment, or Decree, so made and pronounced, upon a hearing ex parte, as aforesaid; at which Time and Place, or at any other subsequent Court or Courts, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, whether the Debtor or Debtors shall appear and {hew Cause or not (upon Proof, upon Oath, that a Copy of such Order,

Judgement, or Decree, had been given or delivered to such Debtor or Debtors, or left at his, her, or their, ufii.il Place of Abode, or such other Place or Places as aforesaid, or that reasonable Notice thereof had been given to such Debtor or Debtors) to make and pronounce such final Order, Judgement, or-Decree, or such other Order between the Parties, touching such Debt or Debts, and the Costs of such

Suit, as to them shall seem agreeable to Equity and good Conscience: And all such Acts, Orders, Judge-

ments, and Decrees, and all and every the Proceedings of the said Commissioners, shall be entered and registered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerks of the said Court, or one of them, and Hull he observed, performed, and kept, in all Parts, as well by the Creditor or Plaintiff, as by the Debtor or Defendant.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in any Case where the said Commis- Commissionen sioners, or any three or more of them, as aforesaid, shall have made any Order or Decree, or pronounced may award E»* any Judgement for the Payment of Money, it Hull and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, ccut1011.

or any three or more of them, to award Execution, either against the Body or Goods of the Party against

whom such Order or Decree shall be made, or Judgement pronounced; and thereupon it shall and may

be lawful to and for the Clerks of the said Court, or either of them, at the Request of the Party profc-

cuting such Order, Judgement, or Decree, to issue a Precept, under their or his Hands and Seals, or

Hand and Seal, by way of Capias ad satisfaciendmi^ or Fieri facias^ to the Beadle of the said Court, who,

by virtue of any such Precept blued, upon the Execution awarded against the Body of such Party, Hull

and may, and is hereby impowered, by himself, or his Deputy or Deputies appointed for that Purpose, by and with the Privity and Content of the Clerks of the said Court, to take and apprehend such Party, Pirryn"*yb*

being within the Hundreds aforesaid; and every such Party or Parties, so taken and apprehended, to impriiuncJ.

cm tine and imprison in such publick Prison or Place of Confinement within the said Hundreds, to be

provided by the Clerks of the said Court, at their own proper Costs and Charges, ns shall be approved of

determined by such of the said Commissioners for the time being, or the major Part of such of them who in Rotation

shall ad, as aforesaid, at their fnft Atlcmbly or Meeting by virtue of this Act, or-nt some subsequent

Court, and shall, by some Rule or Order of the said Court, be appointed and declared to be the Prison

or Place of Confinement belonging to the said Court of Requests, there to remain until he, she, or they,

shall perform and obey such Older, Judgement, or Decree, as aforesaid; so as no Person shall remain in

such Confinement, upon any such Execution, for any longer Space of Time than Forty Days: And the

laid Beadle, or his Deputy, appointed as aforesaid, determined by virtue of any such Precept issued upon the Exe-

cu ion awarded against the Goods of any such Party, shall and may, and is hereby impowered, to levy determined by

Dillrch and Sale of the Goods of such Party, being within the Hundreds aforesaid, such Sum and Sums of

Money, and Cotta, as shall he so ordered, decreed, and adjudged; and if the Party, against whose Body PmaPycn

or (i..(ids any such Execution shall be awarded, and Process shall issue thereupon, shall, by r.bfcoiiiiir g, or fnn inpnii*.

by secreting or removing his, her, or their Goods, or determined by any other Means prevent or evade the Service fr, ovl‘*/u

and Effect of any such Execution, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any

three or more of them, upon Proof thereof made to them, by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible

Vitness or Witnesses, at their Discretion, to award Execution either against the Body or Goods of such

Party, and Process shall issue thereupon, and he executed by the Beadle of the said Court, or his Deputy,

as aforesaid, until the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be fully paid and fati>fi<«J; and in case the said Court

shall, at any Time, upon the Request, and for the Fife and Convenience of the Defendant or Defendants,

order, adjudge, or decree, a Debt due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, to be paid by several Payments, then, WKrn Court

upon the hilt Default or Failure of any of the said Payments so ordered, decreed, and adjudged, the said ‘^denOcbtto

Commissioners or any three or more of them, fh;: 11 and may, at the Inllance of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, ^aoTrrl? In~

and upon due Proof of the said Default or Failure, award Execution for the whole Debt, or such Part i),

thereof as {lull remain unpaid, together with such further Costs ns to them shall form reasonable, to be jble on tuft

recovered by the same Methods and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of the Debt and Costs lai ure.

full decreed; the former Older, Judgement, or Decree, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon every Precept to b« iff led upon °n F«scut!*n,

Execution awarded against tnc Body or Good* of any Person or Persons, the Clerks of the said Court, or Cuii

one of them, shall indorse, or cause to be indorsed, the Sum or Sums, and Colls, so ordered, decreed, or Uc l%Atl adjudged, and the Costs of the said Execution: and if the Party against whom such Execution {lull be

awarded respectively ft- U, be tore any actual Sale of the Goods, or before he or she is apprehended, or before the Expiration of the Term of his or her Imprisonment, pnv, or cause to be paid, or tender*cl

turn the Clerks of the said Ccurr, or either of them, such Sum or Sums, and Costs, together with one

Shilling and eight Pence, as a Reward for their Trouble, in receiving and paying over the said Debt and

Cotta, and entering Acknowledgement and Sattafndtion in full for the same; and also the Sum of five Tn whirC\>IVf

Shillings for Gaol Fees (in case such Pcitan or Perilous shall have been committed to Prison) then, and in K'rtllt tr,<

6 C. 8. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

On Non-appearance or Nonsuit of Plaintiff,

Defendant to have Costs.

such case, the Execution shall be superseded, and the Body or Goods of the said Party shall be discharged and set at Liberty.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if upon the Day of Return of any Summons, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the said Court, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not appear, or appearing, shall not make due Proof of his, her, or their Demand, to the Satisfaction of the Court, but become nonsuited, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to award to the Defendant or Defendants reasonable Costs, and to order and oblige the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the same, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery Procefmot to be ^e^ts> ordered and decreed to be paid by the said Court.

iiiucri against the Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to im-Goo<is, where power the said Commissioners to issue any Process against the Goods and Chattles of any Person or Persons, Warrant shall be where the Party intitled to the Benefit of any fuc h Order, Judgement, or Decree as aforesaid, shall have Tf obtained any Warrant or Process, as aforesaid, against: the Body or Bodies of the same Person or Persons, pJrty unlefithe un*c^s such Person or Persons shall escape out of Custody, or shall abscond or depart out of the said Hun-Party escape or dreds, to avoid being apprehended and taken by virtue of such last mentioned Warrant or Process. abscond, X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Beadle of the said Court, or his

Beadle suffering Deputy, who shall be employed to serve or levy any Execution, shall, by wilful or notorious Neglect, or *foCndaDtG° d Connivance, cause or suffer the Party against whom such Execution shall be awarded to escape, or the to\^rtmovtd Goods of such Party to be carried away or secreted, so that such Execution shall not have its due Effect, to pay Debt and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, upon Com-Costs. plaint and Proof thereof made, upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to order such Beadle, or his Deputy, to pay the Sum or Sums of Money for which the said Execution was awarded, in such reasonable Time, to be set and appointed by the said Commissioners; and in case the said Beadle, or his Deputy, shall refuse or neglect to pay the same, at the Time set and appointed for the Payment thereof, then', on Complaint of the Party Plaintiff in such Execution to the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, at their next Court, such Commissioners shall order the Clerks of the said Court to pay the same, and they are hereby made liable and subject thereto; and on Demand made thereof, and their, or either of their Refusal so to do, the same may be recovered against them, or either of them respectively, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of Debts, ordered and decreed to be paid by the said Court.

Commissioners

XI. And, for the better regulating the Proceedings of the said Court, and rendering this Act effectual

CMers° Eurposes aforesaid, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Commissioners who shall be the acting Commissioners, according to the Rotation herein prescribed and mentioned, not being lef*

in Number than twelve, shall have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, from time to time, and so often as they shall see Occasion, at any of the said Court or Courts, to make such Rules or Orders, for the better regulating the Practice of the said Court, as to them shall seem necessary and conducive to the Purposes of this Act, so as they be conformable to Law, and do not extend to the Exercise of any Jurisdiction inconsistent with the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and do relate to the Process, Practice, and Method, of proceeding of and in the said Court only: According to which Rules or Orders, so from time to time to be made, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall have Power and, Authority, by virtue of this Act, to proceed upon, and to hear and determine, all Matters of Debt, not exceeding the said Sum of forty Shillings, which shall be brought before them determined by virtue of this Act, and to make and pronounce such Judgements and Decrees concerning the same as to them shall seem agreeable to Equity and good Confidence.

XII. And, for the better Discovery of the Truth, and more solemn Determination of Matters and

causes which shall be depending in the said Court, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, in Court assembled, and they are hereby impowered to administer an Oath to the Plaintiff or Defendant, and to such Witness or Witnesses as shall be produced by each Party; and also to all or any of the Officers of the said Court, and to any other Person or Persons whatsoever, whose Evidence shall, to the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, appear necessary.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action of Debt, or Action upon the Case, upon an Assumpsit for Recovery of any Debt, to be sued or prosecuted against any Person or Persons aforesaid in any of the King’s Courts at Westminster, or any where out of the said Court of

[Treble Costs.]

p«bt recoverable Requests, the Plaintiff shall declare for any Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, the in thu, not to Defendant may plead generally in Bar of such Action, that, at the Time of commencing such Action, the Defendant was inhabiting and refiant within the said Hundreds, and was liable to be warned or summoned before the said Court of Keaucfts, without pleading any other Matter specially; and in case the Plaintiff, in any such Action, shall declare for any Sum of Money not exceeding forty Shillings, the Defendant may plead generally over and above such Matters as aforesaid, that the Defendant was not, at the Time of commencing such Action, indebted unto the Plaintiff in any Sum or Sums of Money amounting to above the Sum of forty Shillings, without pleading any other Matter specially: where to the Plaintiff (h.Pl or may reply generally, and deny the Matters pleaded as aforesaid \ and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, or d:l-continue his Action, or Verdict pals against him, or Judgement be given on Demurrer, the Defendant shall have

XIV. Provided always, That it shall and rmy be lawful to and for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action, afterwards to prosecute the said Defendant or Defendants, for the Recovery of the said Debt or Debts

and administer Oaths.

Action brought in any other Court, for a

Haad.

[Proviso.]

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 8. 7

Debts, in the said Court of Requests; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XV. And, for the more effectually establishing the said Court of Requests, and the better enforcing the Penalty on in* Order* and Decrees which Hull be made by the said Commissioners; and that the said Commissioners may tuiring the be inverted with proper Power and Authority, and be free and exempt from any Insults or Abuses; be it Coam further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall affront, insult, or abuse all,

any, or either of the Commissioners or Officers of the said Court, during their fitting in the said Court* or in going to or returning from the same, or shall interrupt the Proceedings of the said Court, it shall and m iy be lawful to and for the Beadle of the said Court, or his Deputy for the time being, by Order of the said Commissioners then fitting, or any three or more of them, to Cuke such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of K r.t; and upon the Fact alleged being proved by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, the said Justice or Justices shall impose and set upon such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, inch bine or Fines as to such Justice or Justices shall seem meet and reasonable; provided the Fine on any one Person doth not exceed the Sum of forty Shillings.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Nonpayment of the said To b« levied Fine, so to be imposed or set upon any Person convicted of offending as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justice or Justices to issue a Warrant or Warrants, under his or their H*nd and Seal, or Hands and Seals, for levying the said Fine or Fines so imposed upon the Goods and Chattles of every such Offender or Offenders, being then refunt and inhabiting within the said Hundreds; and to cause Sale* to be made thereof, in case such Goods and Chattles shall not be redeemed in five Days, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Person so offending, on Demand, after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale; and if such Offender or Offenders shall not be xefident or inhabiting within the said Hundreds, or shall not have any Goods or Chattels within the same, whereof such Fine or P ines can be levied as aforesaid; then, and in such Case, and upon Nonpayment of such Fine or Fines, it shall and may be lawful for the fiiJ Justice or Justices, by Warrant tinder his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to his Majesty's Gaol within the said County of AVwf, or the House of Correction within the said County, there to remain for any Time not exceeding one Calendar Month, unless he, she, or they, shall so >ner pay the said Fine or Fines so imposed as aforesaid; in which Case he,

she, or they, on Payment of such Fine or Fines, are forthwith to be discharged out of Custody 5 and such Fine or Fines so to be imposed, levied, or received as aforesaid, when levied or received, shall be immediately paid over into the Hands of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish wherein every fjth Offender shall, at the Time of such Offence committed, inhabit, dwell, or seek a Livelihood, towards the Support and Maintenance of the Poor of the same Parish.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerks of the said Court for the The Two pro time being shall, from time to time, affix, or cause to be affixed or stuck up, in the most publick Part of ceding clause* the Place or Places where such Court or Courts shall be held, and the said Commissioners shall lit to do Business as aforesaid, a true Copy of the two lait preceding Clauses of this Act; to the end that no Person m 1 c Coult* or Pufons shall or may pretend Ignorance in the Premises.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons, in Penalty for mr.king Oath or thing Evidence in any Cause or Matter depending in the said Court of Requests, shall P«bury* commit any wilful or corrupt Perjury, and shall thereof be duly convicted according to Law, such Person or Persons fh.nl incur and fuficr lire like Pains and Penalties as any other Person or Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury is or are liable, or shall be subject to, by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That John Peryear and John Partion, Gen- First Clerks* tLmcn, shall be, and are hereby constituted and appointed, Clerks of the said Court of Requests, during

thur respective good Behaviour; who shall, and are hereby impowered and required to issue out and register all Summonses, Warrants, Precepts, Acts, Orders, Judgements, Decrees, Executions, and Proceedings of the said Court; and shall keep proper Books, wherein shall be entered ?nd registered all Acts, Order®, Judgements, Decrees and Proceedings, of the same Court: And the Clerks of the said Court for the time being are heuby impowered from time to time, as they (fiall think proper, to appoint a Deputy or Deputies to act for them in the Execution of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Consideration that they the said J:hn CVrk* ta pro*, and J Jm Pci don % and such other Person or Persons who shall for the time hang be Cleric or

Clerks of the said Court ot Requests, are, at their own proper Costs and Charges, to find and provide a on,-on proper Place or Places within the said Parish of Ead Greenwich* and in such other Place within the Hun-appo.ni* creds aforesaid, as the Cud Commissioners at such Meeting as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, shall Bodlt. appoint and approve of, for the said Commissioners from time to time to assemble in and hold the said Court of Requests; and likewise a proper Gaol or Prison for the said Court, with the Approbation of the said Commissioners as aforesaid; which the said Clerks are hereby impowned and required to do; and a 1 so m Consideration that they are to be answerable and accountable in Manner in this Act mentioned, fi r the Acts, Deeds, and Behaviour, of the Beadle of the said Court, and his Deputy or Deputies for the time being; they the said John Peryear and John Pardon, and all such oilier Person and Persons who Si ill, upon any Vacancy, be Clerk or Clerks of the said Court for the time being, shall and rmy, and tfuy are hereby authorised and impowered, by nnv Dccj or Writing under their Hands and heals, to nominate and appoint a proper Person to Ik* Beadle of the Lid Court, who is hereby atithoii/'d and impowered to appoint one or more Deputy or Deputies under him, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lid Clerks or such other Person or Persons who shall for the Time being be Clerk or Clerks of the said

8 C. 8. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

said Court of Requests; who shall be liable and accountable to the said Commissioners of the said Court, and the Suitors thereof, for the Acts, Deeds, and Behaviour, of the said Beadle, and his Deputy or Deputies, so appointed as aforesaid, of and in the Business of the said Court, and the Transactions thereof. Choice of new

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Clerks. Commissioners who shall be fitting and acting in Court, on the next Court Day after the Death, Rcfigna-

tion, or Removal, of either of the said Clerks appointed by this Act, or so soon after as the same is publickly known, or the major Part of them, to cause the whole Number of Commissioners for the time being, to be summoned to meet at forne convenient Place to be appointed for that Purpose, within six Days next after their being summoned as aforesaid; and such Commissioners at such Meeting, or the major Part of them then prefenr, are hereby authorised and required to eledi another Person or Persons in the Room of such of the said Clerks so dying, resigning, or being removed, as aforesaid, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act contained; and so from time to time, upon every Vacancy of the said Office of Clerk for ever. Commissioner’a

XXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting as Corn-

Oath. missioner in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken an Oath to the Effect following:

T A* B. do swear. That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the best of my Judge-

\ ment, hear and determine all such Matters and Things as shall be brought before me by virtue of an Act of Parliament, For the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of)Slack heath, <9/* Bromley and Beckenham, of Rokesley, othct'wijs Ruxley, and of Little and Leflhefs, in the 1 County of Kent, without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Malice, to either Party/

Fee*

Which Oath the Clerks of the said Court, or either of them, or their Deputy, or any of the Commissioners, who shall have taken such Oath, are and is hereby impowered and required to administer in open Court $ and a Memorial thereof shall be entered in the Registers of the said Court, by the said Clerks, or one of them.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Fees herein after limited and expressed, and no other, shall and may be taken for the respective Services of the said Clerks and Beadle in the Execution of this Act \ that is to say,

For every Summons, -

1- Tj j To the Clerks, -

For every Hearing, \jQ the Bead)e;-----

For calling the Plaintiff or { To the Clerks,-

Defendant to appear, (To the Beadle, -

For entering an Appearance,^-----

For every Order or Nonsuit, and entering the same, For the Service of every Order or Summons,—— For a Copy of every Order to be served, -

For every Execution, J® Beadle,-----I

Acknowledging Satisfaction in full, ——

Acknowledging Satisfaction in Part, -

For every Search, ——

For paying Money into Court,---: ——

c s. d.

0 0 4

0 0 6

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 4

0 0 4

0 0 6

0 0 4

0 I 0

0 I 6

0 0 6

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 8

To be hung up A Table of which Fees shall, from time to time, be hung up by the Clerks of the said Court, in some con-

in the Court. fpicuous Part of the Court or Place where the said Commissioners shall meet* to the end that all Persons

may fee and read the same.

Penalty on

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Clerks, or either of

taking greater them, or the said Beadle, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall take or demand any greater or other Fees or

Fee*. Reward, than what are above-mentioned, for heir respective Services in Execution of this Act, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay such Fine, not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, nor less than twenty Shillings, as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall assess and impose; to be applied to the Relief of such Debtor or Debtors who shall be then, or at any Time after, in the Prison or Gaol of the said Court of Requests, in such Manner as the fair! Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall order and direct; or otherwise shall be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish where the said Court shall fit, for the Use of the Poor of the same Parish, at the Discretion of the said Commissioners imposing such Fine or Fines as aforesaid.

Clerks or Beadle

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if upon Complaint made by any

may be discharg- Person or Persons, upon Oath in open Court of any notorious Misbehaviour or Neglect, or Breach of

ed* Duty of any Clerk or Clerks, appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act; or any Beadle or Beadles

of the said Court, or of any Clerk or Clerks taking or demanding any greater or other bees than as above-mentioned, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners then fitting in Court, to inquire into the Nature of the said Complaint; and if it shall appear to the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, that such Complaint deserves the Consideration of the whole Number of Commissioners nominated and returned as aforesaid, then such Commissioners, so sitting in Court as aforesaid, are hereby directed and required to cause the whole Number of Commissioners to be summoned to meet, as

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 8. 9

soon as conveniently may be, by public Notice to be given in the several Parish Churches aforesaid, by the Parish Clerks thereof, immediately after Divine Service on the Sundry Morning next before such Meeting is to be held; such Sunday to be at lead four Days before the holding such Meeting; and to examine into the Merits of such Complaint; and if it shall then appear to such Commissioners, or the major Part of them, not being less in Number than seventy, that such Clerk or Clerks, Beadle or Beadles, or their respective Deputies, have or hath heen guilty of any gross Misbehaviour, or Breach or Neglect of Duty in his or their Office, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, not being less in Number than seventy, as aforesaid, to suspend or remove such Clerk or Clerks,

Beadle or Beadles, from his or their respective Office or Offices; and another Person or Persons shall be thereupon elected or appointed in his or their Room, in such Manner as is by this Act directed and appointed for such Election or Appointment.

XXVI. Provided always, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to any Debt for any Rent upon any Lease of Lands or Tenements, or any other real Contract; nor to any Debt that

shall aiife by reason of any Cause concerning Testament or Matrimony, or any thing concerning, or pro- no cx C;1 oerly belonging to, the Ecclesiastical Court, although the same shall be under forty Shillings; any tiring herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall always be one Beadle the

of the said Court of Requests, and no more, who, from time to time, shall have Power and Authority, by Bla<1 °* virtue of this Act, by himself or his Deputy or Deputies, to be appointed in Manner aforesaid (and for

which said Beadle, and his Deputy and Deputies, Actions and Behaviours, in and about the Business of the said Court of Requests, by this Act intended to be established, the Clerks of the said Court for the time being shall at all Times be answerable) to execute all and every such Summonses, Warrants, Precepts, and Process, issuing out of the said Court, or from the said Commissioners for the time being; and the said Beadle shall, from time to time, and as often as the said Office shall be vacant, be nominated and appointed by the Clerks of the said Court for the Time being: But such Beadle, and Deputy and Deputies, shall be appointed to hold such Place or Places during their good Behaviours only.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Attorney at Law, or Solicitor, Ko Attorney f being served with the Process of the said Court of Requests, or appearing in the same Court, shall be allowed to plead or maintain any Privilege against the Process, Authority, Jurisdiction, or Judgement this Court. " thereof; nor shall any such Attorney or Solicitor aforesaid, be admitted to appear in the said Court of Requests as Attorney or Advocate, on behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, or be admitted to speak in any Cause or Mattor before the said Court, in which such Attorney or Solicitor is not himself a Party or Witness under the Penalty of five Pounds, to be recovered and applied as above-mentioned with respect to the Clerks and other Officers of the said Court, in case of Misbehaviour, or taking greater or other Fees than they are intitled unto by virtue of this Act, as aforesaid; nor shall any such Attorney or Solicitor aft as a Commissioner in the said Court of Requests; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person, inhabiting or Penalty on witd residing within the said Hundreds, or either of them, who shall be duly served with a Subpoena or Sum- neffo reform* mons, to be blued by the Clerks of the said Court for the time being, or either of them, and which they, to attcnJ*

and each of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to issue and make out, to appear in the said Court of Requests, at a Time and Place in such Subpana or Summons mentioned, to give Evidence on behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, Creditor or Debtor, shall neglect or refuse to appear, pursuant to such Subpoena or Summons, and due Proof being made of the Service of such Subpoena or Summons, and no Cause of Absence being shewn, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners nrclent at the Court at which such Person shall be by such Subpoena or Summons required to appear, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three pr more of them, assembled in such Court, to impose a Kmc, not exceeding forty shillings, nor less than five Shillings; to be levied, if not immediately paid on Demand, by Dill refs and Sale of the Offender's Goods, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or ar.v three or more of them, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to such Offender, the Charges of such Distress and Sale being the reout first deducted; which Fine, when paid or levied, shall be paid over to the Party or Parties at whole Instance or on whose Behalf such Sulptrua or Summons issued.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be Limit ittc* of brought or commenced ag inst any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done or to be done in pur- Act «;i*. fuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be brought or commence within six Calendar Months next

after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County of AW, and not cl'Avhcrc; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Suit, shall and may plead the General liT»c, and Coneral Iflle. give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon: And if th': PLuntdF or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue such Action or Suit, or if, upon Verdict or Demurrer,

Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may

recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have TicVt C>1>.

in any other Cases by Law.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall not extend, rco veion <1!

or be Co- ft: ud, adjudged, deemed, or taken to be or extend to alter, change, take away, or annul, any ti»r ki;. cof ttf the Rights, Privileges, Franchises, and Jurisdictions, of the Lord Bishop of Rochester; but that tnc 111 Rl ,4tP

same shall be, remain, and continue, in as full and ample Power, Jurisdiction, and Authority, as if this Act had never been made, and llud not be, or be deemed to be altered, k-flened, or affected thereby.

---

10 C. 9. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

[Publick Act.]

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, a publick Act, and he judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. IX.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of Chippenham, Caine% and Damerham North, and Lordship or Liberty of Corsham, in the County of IVi t5.

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS in the Towns of Chippenham, Caine, and Corsham, and the Places adjacent, HI lying within the Hundreds of Chippenham, Caine, and Damerham North, and Lord ship or Liberty of Corsham, in the County of Wilts, there is carried on a large and extensive Manufacture, which employs many thousand People, many of whom contradi Small Debts: And whereas an easy and fpccdv Method of recovering Small Debts, will greatly tend to promote Industry, and to support useful Credit, within the Hundreds and Lordship aforesaid May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad vice an] Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Sir Robert Long Baronet, Sir Edward Bayntun Baronet, the Honourable Thomas Fit z~ maurice, Edward Popham, James Long, William Northry, Paul Methuen, John Talbot, 7 r mas Hr IPalker, Charles Long, James Montagu, Edward Montagu, Thomas Maundrel!, Robert Hoadm, John H:\ltcn, Thomas Boudler, Ezekiel Dickinson, Vicarius Dickinson, joseph Colborne, William Colborne, Benjamin Cotlo -t?.\ Robert Neale, Hunger ford Keatc, William Neate, Henry White, James Gilpin, Townfen I Andrews, BraedeAt Brovjn, Anthony Brooke, Henry Brooke, Matthew Barlow, the Reverend DoHor Robert Hort, the Reverend Doctor John Scroop, the Reverend Doctor Richard Scroop, the Reverend John Rolt Clerk, the Reverend Robert Ash: Clerk, the Reverend William Atkinson Clerk, the Reverend William Jufon Clark, the Reverend Francis Wehnan, the Reverend Pitcarne Clerk, Edward Yefeomhe, the Reverend Homas Heath

Thomas Smith, John Morris, Prior, John Bowman, Francis Mere wether, Cornelius Norwood,

Clerks; Anthony Guy junior, Richmond Aland, Benjamin Edwards% Benjamin Stephens, Thomas Eacott, Ahvorth Mere wet her M. D. John Merew ether, John Jennings, Stephen Wilson, John Scott, Richard Withers, Thnnas Eaton, John Eaton, George Beamcs, John Beanies, Henry Singer, James Halbert, John Hulbcrt Baker, Walter Wilijlire of Guttleion, Daniel Ponting, Thomas Tanner, Henry Prior, John Sadler Gale, Isaac Gale, Robert Pinncl, William Stroud, John Bedford, Ambrose Love grove, Richard Sainsbury, Richard Singer, Henry Kemm, Abraham Pilchard, John Russel, Robert Colborne, William Kyte, I Vi I Ham Pjpe, William Sympfon, I Id I limn Edwards, Robert Rose, Isaac Taylor, Adam Goldney, Gabriel Goldney, Thomas G old rev, Efmea.i Edridge, I fine Humphreys junior, Thomas Edridge, William Tan ant, William Bright, Thomas Young, John Porter, John Gaby, Richard Pocock, John Brown, Waiter Coleman, Robert Crooks, Thomas Crooks, Edward Crocke, James Green, John Eddolls, Nicholas Barrett, Robert Gale, William Smith, I Pi I; i am Fjjington, Thomas Neate, Daniel Smith, John Bishop, George Bishop, Robert Baily, Edward Smith, Ralph Hale junior, Matthew May, Edward Stretch, Robert Foreman, Stephen Hale, John Srantial, Thomas Vincent, Joseph Bodman, Drew Davis Stretch, Richard Aijhley, Robert Baldwin, Joseph Strong, John Oak ford, Robert Dye*-, James Lowe, Richard Cole, IVebb Lawrence, William Mortimer, iViifuvn Heath, Simon Vivafh, Michael Smith senior, John Hughey, Francis Child, John Davis, John Scgrum, James Pound, Henry Smith, Richard Gale, Rbert John hlr rijort, John Batten, Henry Bailey, Edward Crocks, John A cate, Edward Mitel ell, iVi. l:am Mitchell, John Hulbcrt Clothier, William Arnold, Charles Arnold, William Stump, IP i Hi am Ha!’>c; t. 11 idiam Daimer, John D aimer y William Daimer junio', John Davis, Richard Cozens, John Edwards, William Silvcfler, Joseph Lrgeyt, Richard Batchelor, William Davis, William Kington. John Chanter, Edward Mitchdl junior, Thomas Mitchell, John Galloway Halbert, Jeffery Hall:day, William Braver, Samuel Guy, George Tucker, Joseph Oriel, Moses Pullen, John Skeate of Biddeston, William Mount icy, James Fozv .1, James Davis, El ward H'dbertK J enathan Collett, Stanfield Davis, Stephen Sartai7, Wiliam Ilulbert junior, James Porch, Edward Home, James Chapman, David Griffin, Samuel Heath, Richard Fry, John Bennett, John Stump, Alark Stump, jchfjen Haywtwd, Peter Dn wett senior, Peter Drewett junior, Anthony Drcvoett, George Drcwetty jfiph PiueOin, George Lee, Stephen Bridges, John Ford, James Lee, Tobias Prick in?, William Ailiffe, George Minims, Heavy budding, Adonis, Thomas Goddard, John Lee, John Neate, Edward Lee, Robert

Commissionera

Nines.

It* tVTktm fanners < orittkuled a Cj« t.

Reynolds, His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Wilts for the time being who shall refid within the Hun.beds or Lordship aforesaid, the Bailiff* and RurgnTes of the Borough of Chippenham for the time being, the Stewards and Burgdlbs of the Borough of Caine for the time being, and the Bailiff of the Lordship or Liberty of Lorsham for the time being, hall he, and are hereby declare], constituted, and appointed, Commissioners to hear and determine all such Cattles and Matters of Debt as are herein after mentioned; and such Commissioner*, and their Successors, are hereby constituted a Court of Justice, by the Name and Stile of The Cow t of Requests for the Hundreds af Chippenhain, Caine, and Damerham North, and Lorelyhip or Lihrty cf Corsham, in the County of Wilts: ’And they the said Commissioners, or any three-or more of them, Hi all and are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, to meet, assemble, and hold the Laid Court in ear h of the said Towns of Chippenham, Caine, and Corsham, alternately and by Turns, once in every Week (to wit) on every Monday, or oftener, if there shall be*Occasion, in a Court-house, nr some convenient Place to be provided by the major Part of the said Commissioners, who shall be assem-bled at some General Meeting to be held for that Purpose i which General Meeting of the said Commissioners

C. 9. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765. 11

shall be, for the first Week at Chippenham aforesaid, on the Monday Fortnight next after the passing of this Act; for the feennd Week at Caine aforesaid, the Monday three Weeks after the passing of this Act; and for the third Week at Cvsham aforesaid, on the Monday then next following; and for the fourth Week at Chippenham again, on the same Day of the Week; and so on in Succession and Rotation.

II. Provided nevertheless That in calc three or more of the said Commissioners, appointed or to be ap- For wait of» pointed by virtue of this Act, shall neglect or refuse to assemble on any of the Days appointed for holding Sufficient Num-the f id Court; that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk or Clerks of the said Court, or his or their Deputy or Deputies for the time being, to adjourn the said. Court to some other convenient Day, \°0 another I)!/, within one Week from the Day on which the said Court ought to have been held, or till the next General Court Day to be held by Rotation as aforesaid.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners so named and appointed, and Comrr.ilTic.neri their Successors, to be chosen as herein after is mentioned, or any three or more of them, from time to time Fewer, dllmbled as aforesaid, shall have Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to heir and determine all such Caui'cs and Matters of Debt as shall be brought before them, in Manner as hereafter is meruit ned; and to give such Judgements, and to make such interlocutory and final Orders and Decrees therein, and to award such Execution thereupon, with Colts, both against the Bodies and the Goods and Chattles of all and every the Per fin and Pc:Ions against whom they shall give or make any such Judgement, Older, or Decree, as to them shall iccm just and most agreeable to Equity and good Conference: Andif the Commissioners fion affem-bled shall happen to be equally divided upon any Question that may come before tlx in, the Commissioner present whole Name fl.mds hi A on the Lilt of the Commissioners directed to be kept in the Court-house or Place where they findl respectively meet shall have the Calling Vote.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from time to time, and ns often ns it shall tleflior. of be ncreliary, either by the Death of any of the said Commissioners herein before particularly named, or of Commuijcnci*. any of their Successors, to be chosen in Manner herein after mentioned, or by his or their refusing or neglecting for the Sp*cc of twelve Months to act herein, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioner, hereby appointed, and such their Successors, or any eleven or more of them, to meet and assemble together,

*t any Time after ft eh Derth, Refusal, or Neglect to act, and to cleft and appoint one or more Commissioner or in the Stead and Place of such Commissioner or Commissioners dying or refusing to act; and every such Commissioner so elected and appointed, shall be and is hereby enabled to act in the Execution of the Powers granted to the Commissioners hereby appointed, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he or they had been particularly named in this Act.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That George Searle Bail'ffc and Henry Mere- Firn C!c»ks and wether. Gentlemen, shall he and are hereby constituted and appointed Clerks of the said Court of Requests; Serjeant*.

and \hA Georg* Knrcll, William Little, Hugh Lawr once, Matthew Cottle, and John King/ion, shall be and are hereby condituted and appointed Serjeants of the Paid Court of Requests; who shall continue Clerks and Serjeants of the said Court so long as they shall behave themselves well in their respective Offices.

VI. Provided always, That no Commissioner, nor any Person or Per foils who shall keep any Victuallirg- Victuallers &c. houlh, ARhoufr, or other House of public Entertainment, or who shall fell any Wine. Cyder, Beer, Ale, not tf1 Spirituous or other Strong Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of holding the Office of Clerk, or any o her F1-cc oJ Place of Profit belonging to the said Court.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever it shall happen that the Place Kirfi;cn of of Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court shall become vacant, either by Death, Rt Agnation, or Misbehaviour, C rrks and Scr-the Commissioners for the time being, or any eleven or more of them, shall meet at some convenient Place,

as soon as conveniently may be after such Vacancy shall happen; and a Majority of the said Commissioners so met aie hereby authorised and required to chuse and appoint another fit Person to be Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court during his good Behaviour.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerks herein before named and eVtk f* up choti n, and their Successors so from time to time to be chosen and appointed, or his or th.ir lawful Deputy er Deputies, shall make and cause to be fixed up, in some convenient Part of each of the said Court-hoUcs, ,ir;,:)n?rs in the fair ar d complete Lists in Writing of the Commissioners herein named and appointed, or to be elected and

appointed as aforesaid; and shall also and are here by impowered and required to iifuo, or cause to be issued out, ail Surr, monies Attachments, Warrants, Subpoenas, and Precepts, and to register a^d enter, or cause s"* to be re Acred and entered, all causes, Orders, Decrees, and Judgements, and other Acts and Proceedings

*,f the said CTourt, in proper Books to be provided by them and kept for that Piupose: And that the Serjeant and Serjeants herein before named and chosen, or from time to time to be chosen and appointed as to

aforesaid, ibail and are hereby impowered and required to serve and execute, or era.fie to be served r.:ul im« executed* all such Sumnionfes, Orders, Attachments Warrants, Subpcrn.rs, Extetrion:, and Pr-cepts and to do and perform all such Acb, Matters, and Things, as are herein directed ;.ni rppunttd to be J'.rie by ilicm.

IX. An 1 lie it further ennftrd by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after th? paf.’ng of this Act, Fc f* n«» m*v ru«

it in all and may be 1?" tul to and for all and every Person and Person., whaMbev/r, who now such or h ue, ,ur u ,<4f

«>r here after may or fl» id have, any Debt or Debts, not amounting to the Surnct fl-*ty Sf il.inps c’ue or*"1'

#>wirg to h-m, h^r, or them, in his, her, or their own Ru hr, or as Executo:, Admt. ilirrtoi, ti.iardi.rp, or

'Trnluo*, by or fn m ary other Person or iVrlons whatferver, inhabiting or relivin g w.uiiu the Hundreds

iiioref.i:J, 1 r any Put thereof, or trading and dealing or faking a Livelihood E^uia, to nrpiv :> timer of

fhe Clc’ks.-t the said Comr, or h:s or ti>cir Deputy or Deputies for the time bring, who fb.fi! immediately

rnaVe an Entry in lbs Book of the Caule, expressing the Names of the Pai ’it s and the Sun. If mended; and otfcrj ttt

shall thereupon make out and deliver a Summons in Writing under his ii^nd diitwUd to such Dftn.1' or to pro«cd.

12 C. 9. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

Commissioners may reu-itate Pioectdin^s,

and administer Oaths.

On Non-appearance of D tie naan*, may proceed ex i-arte.

On non-appearance or Nonsuit of Plaintiff, may award Costs.

Commissioners may award Execution;

and commit the Party.

Debtors, expressing the Sum demanded of him, her, or them, and the Name or Names of such Party or Parties demanding the same, thereby requiring and commanding such Debtor or Debtors to appear at a certain Time and Place, before the Commissioners of the said Court, to answer such Demand: And the Serjeant or Serjeants of the said Court shall forthwith serve, or cause such Summons to be served, on such Debtor or Debtors, either personally, or by leaving the same at the Dwelling-house or Place of Abode, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing or working of such Debtor or Debtors within the Hundreds and Lordship or Liberty aforesaid: And the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, upon Proof made of the Service of such Summons, have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to make due Enquiry concerning such Demands, and to pronounce and give such final Sentence or Judgement, and to make such Interlocutory or final Orders and Decrees therein, as to them shall leem most just and equitable.

X. And, for the better regulating the Proceedings of the said Court, and rendering this Act effectual for the Purposes thereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for the time being, or any five or more of them, being a Majority of the Commissioners, assembled in Court as aforesaid, shall have full Power and Authority by virtue of this Act, from time to time, and as often as they shall see Occasion at any of the said Courts, to make such Rules or Orders, for the better regulating the Practice of the said Court, as to them shall seem necessary and conducive to the Purposes of this Act, so as they shall be confident with Equity, and do not tend to lessen, abridge, or alter the Fees herein after allowed by this Act to be taken by the Clerks or Clerk, and Serjeant or Officer of the said Court for the.time being, or to the Exercise of any Jurisdiction inconsistent with the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and do relate to the Process, Practice, and Method of proceeding of and in the said Court only; according to which Rules and OrdeisTo from time to time to be made, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall have full Fower and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to proceed upon and to hear and determine all Matters of Debt, not amounting to the said Sum of forty Shillings, which shall be brought before them by virtue of this Act, and to make and pronounce such Judgements and Decrees concerning the same, and the Costs of Suit, as to them shall seem agreeable to Equity and good Confidence.

XI. And, for the better Discovery of the Truth, and for the more solemn Determination of all the causes and Matters which shall be depending in the said Court; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, alien 1-bled in Court, and they are hereby impowered to administer, or cause to be administered, an Oath to thp Party or Parties, Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, and also to such Witness or Witnesses as shall be produced by either Party, and also to the Officers of the Court, and to any Person or Persons whatsoever, whose Evidence shall to the said Commissioners, or to the major Part of them, assembled at the said Court-, appear necessary.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Debtor or Debtors, who shall have been duly summoned as aforesaid, shall, without some good Cause, to be allowed by the said Court, refuse or neglect to appear in the said Court at the Time mentioned in the said Summons, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, upon Proof being made upon Oath of the Service of the said Summons in Manner before directed, to proceed to hear the Cause on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and to make such Order, Decree, or Judgement therein, and to-award such Costs of Suit, as to them shall seem meet.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, upon the Day of the Return of the Summons, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the said Court, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not appear, or appearing shall not make Proof of his, her, or their Debt or Demand, to the Satisfaction of the said Court, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to award to the Defendant or Defendants reasonable Costs, and to order and compel the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the same, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the enforcing of the Payment of Debts and Costs ordered and decreed to be paid by the said Court.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in any Case where the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall have made any Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to award Execution, either against the Body or Goods of the said Party or Parties against whom such Order or Decree shall be made; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the Clerks of the said Court, at the Request of the Party or Parties prosecuting such Order or Decree, to issue a Precept under his Hand and Seal to any one or more of the Serjeants of the said Court, who by virtue of any such Precept, issued upon the Execution awarded against the Body or Bodies of such Party or Parties, shall and may, and is and are hereby impowered and required to take and apprehend, or cause to be taken and apprehended, such Paityr or Parties, being within the Hundreds and Lordship or Liberty aforesaid, and to convey him, her, or them* to some Common Gaol or House of Correction within the said County of Wilts, there to remain until be* flie, or they, shall perform and obey such Order, Decree, or Judgement; so as no Person shall remain in Confinement upon any such Execution for any longer Space of Time than three Months: And such Serjeant or Serjeants, by virtue of any such Precept ifiucd upon the Execution awarded against the Goods of any such Party, shall and may, and is and are hereby impowered to levy by Difirefs and Sale the Goods of such Party, being within the Hundreds and Lordship or Liberty aforesaid, such Sum and Sums of Money and Costs as shall be so ordered and decreed: And if the Party against whole Body or Goods such Execution shall be awarded, and such Process shall issue thereupon, shall, by absconding, or by secreting or removing his, her, or their Goods, or by any other Means prevent or evade the Service or Effect of any such Execution, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, upon

---

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. C. 9. 13

due Proof thereof made to them by the Oath or Oaths of such Serjeant or Serjeants, or of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, at their Discretion to award Execution either against the Body or Goods of such Party or Parties; and Process shall issue thereupon, and be executed by the Serjeant or Serjeants ia Manner aforesaid, until the Party or Parties at whole Suit such Execution shall be issued shall be fully paid and satisfied.

[Court may order Debts to be paid at several Times.]

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners shall at erder

any Time, upon the Request and for the Ease and Convenience of the Defendant or Defendants, order and D2'Jl*10

decree the Debt due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to be paid at several Payments, then upon the first Default41 cvcr

or Failure of any of the said Payments so ordered and decreed, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in Court, shall and may, at the Instance of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and upon due Proof of the said Default or Failure, award Execution for the whole Debt, or such Part thereof as shall then remain unpaid, together with such further Costs as to them shall seem reasonable, to be recovered by the same Process, and in like Manner as is herein before provided for Recovery of the Debt and Costs first decreed, the former Order or Decree to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Precept to be issued upon any On Execution, Execution awarded against the Body or Goods of any Person or Persons whatsoever, the Clerk who issue« C*cr£

the same shall express and set down in Writing the Sum or Sums of Money and Colts so ordered and decreed * to be paid; and if the Party or Parties against whom such Execution shall be awarded shall, before any actual Sale of his, her, or their Goods, or before he, she, or they, is, arc, or shall be taken and apprehended, or before the Expiration of the Term of his, her, or their Imprisonment, pay, or cause to be paid or tendered, unto the Clerk of the Court who shall issue such Precept, such Sum or Sums of Money and Costs, together with one Shilling, as a Reward for his Trouble in receiving and paying.over such Debt and Colts to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and entering Acknowledgement of Satisfaction in the Book or Register of the said Court for such Debt and Colts, and also the Sum of two Shillings and six Pence for Gaol Fees,* in case such Party or Parties shall have been committed to Prison; then, and in such Case and cases, the Execution shall be superseded, and Body or Bodies and Goods of such Party or Parties shall be discharged and set at Liberty.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Serjeant or Serjeants of the said Servant* suffer-Court, who shall be employed to serve or levy any Execution, shall, by wilful Connivance or Neglect, cause ing an Escape, or fuss«r the Party against whom such Execution shall be awarded toeicape or abscond, or the Goods of such or Goods to be Party or Parties to be carried away or secreted, so that such Execution shall not have its due Effect, it DebtVnl Cost"^ shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in Court, upon Complaint and due Proof made upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to order such Serjeant or Serjeants to pay the Sum or Sums of Money for which the said Exe>-cution was awarded to the Party complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof by the same Methods and Means as are herein before provided for the Payment of other Debts.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting Commissioner* a* a Commissioner, in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken an Oath to the following Ef-O-tfri

ket *, that is to say,

'I A.B. do swear. That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according tathebeftof my Judge-4 X ment, hear and determine all such Matters and causes as shall be brought before me, by virtue of ail Act of Parliament for the more cafy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of Chippen- htiniy Came, and Darner bum Sorth, and Lord (nip or Liberty of Corsham, in the County of /////;, without favour. Affection, or Prejudice to either Party.

So help me God.9

Which Oath the Clcik or Clerks of the said Court, or any of the Commissioners who shall have taken such Mwn<ma! ther*. Oa:h, is arul are hereby impowered and required to administer in open Court; and the Clerk orof to tc rct» 1*-Cluks of the said Court shall enter, or cause a Memorial thereof to be enured in the Register of the said Court.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Fees herein after limited ThcFeeu and expressed, and no other, shall be taken by the Clerks or Serjeants, or their Successors, for tkeir several.

and respective Services in the Execution of this Act; (that is to say)

To the Clerks*.

For entering every Cause six Pence.

For issuing every Summons six Pence.

For every Subpoena six Pence.

For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant before the Court three Pence.

For every Hearing or Trial six Pence.

For swearing every Witness, Plaintiff’, or Defendant, three Pence.

Tor every Order, Judgement, or Decree, six Pence.

For a Nonsuit six Pence.

For every Search in the Books three Pence.

For paying Money into Court six Pence; if by Instalments, six Pence in the Pound more.

For taking Money out of Court, and acknowledging of Satisfaction in the Clerks Books, six Pence.

14 C. 9. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

For every Attachment six Pence.

For every Execution six Pence.

For every Warrant of Commitment for an Insult or Misbehaviour in the Court, or to the Commissioners* Cleric, or Officers of the Court, one Shilling.

To the Serjeants.

For the Service of every Summons, Order, or Subpoena, if within either of the Towns of Chippenham, Caine, or Corsham, and attending, the Court with the Return thereof, six Pence; if out of either of the said Towns, three Pence more for every ABle. '

For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant before the Court one Penny. j

For executing every Attachment, Execution, or Warrant, against the Body or Goods, one Shilling; if out of Town three Pence more for every Mile.

For carrying every Plaintiff, Defendant, or Delinquent to Prison, six Pence more for every Mile.

Table thereof A Table of which Fees shall, from time to time, be hung tip by the Clerk or Clerks of the said Court, in the Court-^house! fotne conspicuous Part or Parts of the said Court-house or Court-houses, Place or Places, where the said Commissioners shall meet, so that all Persons concerned may fee and examine the same.

Penalty on tak-

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the Clerks or Serjeants of ing greater Fees. the Court, for the time being, shall take or demand any greater or other Fees or Rewards than what are herein before-mentioned for his or their Service in the Execution of this Act, he and they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay such Fine (not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings) as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall affels and impute, to be applied to the Use of the Poor of the Town or Parish where the Offence shall be committed.

-Clerks and Ser-

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the said Clerks or Serjeants jeants maybe ,shall be guilty of any Misbehaviour, either by Neglect or Breach of Duty, or in taking greater Fees than djQ>aced. before-mentioned, or otherwise in the Execution of their respective Offices, that then, upon Complaint and due Proof thereof made upon Oath in open Court, the said Commissioners then fitting are hereby directed and required to cause the whole Number of Commissioners to be summoned, by an Advertisement to be inserted in some public News Paper, to meet at a convenient Time and Place; and the Commissioners then present, not being less than eleven in Number, shall and may examine and consider the Merits of such Complaint; and if it shall appear to such Commissioners, or the major Part of them, that any of the Clerks or Serjeants have been guilty of such Misbehaviour or Breach of Duty as aforesaid in his Office, it shall and -may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then assembled, to dismiss or remove such Clerk or Serjeant from his said Office, and to nominate and appoint a fit and proper Person to exercise the said Office of Clerk or Serjeant, in the Room and Place of him so difiniffed and removed as aforesaid.

No Commission-

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Commissioner of the said er, &c. toast Court for the time being shall be Party to, or interested in, any Cause depending in the said Court, such Per-*hereinter cd. son not capat>le of acting as Commissioner, in the hearing and determining such Cause, or making any Order, Decree, or Judgement therein; but after being heard in the said Cause, shall withdraw from the said Court until the same is finally determined: And if the Cietk or Serjeant of the said Court for the time being shall be a Party to, or interested in, any Cause depending in the said Court, such Clerk or Serjeant shall not exercise his said Office in the said Cause, or in any Thing relating thereto; but the said. Court-missioners, or any three or more of them, assembled at such Court, shall and may depute and appoint another Person to exercise the said Office of Clerk or Serjeant respectively in all Things relative to such Cause.

XXIII. And, for the better enforcing the Orders and Decrees from time to time to be made by the said Commissioners, and that the Commissioners and the Clerks and Officers of the said Court may be inverted with proper Power and Authority, and be free and exempt from Insult and Abuse, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall affront, insult, or abuse all or any of the Commissioners, Clerks, or Officers of the said Court for the time being, during their fitting in the said Court, or in going to, or returning from the lame, or shall interrupt the Proceedings of the said Court, or at any Time shall affront, insult, or abuse, hinder, or obstruct, or attempt or threaten to hinder or ol>stru<Sl, any of the Clerks or Serjeants in the lawful Execution of his or their respective Office or Offices, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them then fitting, or if not then fitting, at the next Court to be held in the same Hundred or Lordship where such Insult or Misdemeanor shall he committed, to cause a Warrant to be issued by the Clerk or Clerks of the said Court, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, directing such Serjeant or Serjeants to apprehend and take, or cause such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid to be apprehended and taken, before one or more of his Majesty's Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Wilts; and upon the Fa<fl alleged being proved by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, the find Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and directed to punish such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid by Fine, not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, which shall be immediately paid into the Hands of the said Justice or Justices before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, and be paid and applied in like Manner as the Fines herein before mentioned are directed to be applied: And if the said Offender or Offenders shall not pay the said Fine in Manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice or Justices, by c Warrant

[Penalty on insulting the Court.]

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. C. 9. 15

Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seal?, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and hale of the Offender’s Goods, or to commit such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, to feme Common Gaol or House of Correction in the said County of //'Y/r, there to remain for a'ny Space of Time not exceeding three Months, or until he, she, or they shall pay the said Fine.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerks of the Copy cfprcce^-said Court shall fix or cause to be fixed orftuck up, in some pub ic Part of each of the said Court-houses, or

other Places where the said Commissioners shall meet, a true Copy of the last preceding Clause of this Act, Court house. to the end that no Person or Persons shall or may plead Ignorance thereof.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Keepers for the time be- Gaolers, gee. ing of the respective Common Gaols or Houses of Correction within the said County of Wilts shall and may, committed?1* and they are hereby required and commanded to receive and lake into their Custody respectively all and every Person and Persons who shall be committed, or ordered to {land committed, by any three or more of the said Commissioners present in Court, or by virtue of any Warrant, Attachment, Execution, or other Ptocefs, dining out of the said Court of Requests: And in case the Keepers of the said Gaols or Houses of° nr Correction respectively, or either of them, shall neglect or refuse to receive and take into his or their Cuf- "’n°£^ to*y, any Person or Persons committed by vhtuc of this Act, or before the Expiration of the Time for which any Person or Persons shall he so committed to his or their Custody shall discharge such Person or Persons, or wilfully permit and suffer such Person or Persons to go at large, without a Warrant, Order, or Authority for that Purpose in Writing, signed in Court by three or more of the said Commissioners; every Keeper offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being thereof convicted before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, upon (he Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or on his or their own Confession, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, at the Discretion of inch Justice or Justices; and such Sum shall be immediately paid by the Person or Persons so offending into the Hands of the Justice or Justices before whom he or they shall be convicted; or in Default thereof, shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattles, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of such Justice or Justices; and which Sum, when paid or levied, shall be applied in like Manner as the Fines herein before-mentioned are directed to* be paid and applied.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no ActIon or Suit for any Debt, not No Afllon far amountu g to the Sum of forty Shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this Act in the said Court of Requests, Drbt recoverable find be brought against any Person or Persons residing or inhabiting within the Jurisdiction thereof, in any bebVou htinanr of the King's Courts at Urejhmnflery or any other Courts whatsoever, or elsewhere out of the said Court of other Court. Requests; and no Suit that shall be commenced in the said Court of Requests, in pursuance of this Act,

nor any Proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any superior Court; but the Judgements, Decree., and Proceedings of the said Court shall he final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this A <3, or any thing herein conJ^t# tVneo, It all not extend to any Debt for Rent upon any Lease or Contract, where the Title of any Lands, notScxteaa.a Tenement, or Hereditaments, can or may come in question, or in or upon any other real Contract; nor to ary IE b. ilur shall a; iff upon or by reason of any Cause concerning any last Will or Testament, or Matrimony, or any I lung properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Courts; nor to any Debt for Money won at or b> means of ary Horlc iacc, Cock*match, Wager, or any kind of Gaming or Play; nor for any Forfeiture u; on any of*n.*l Stature or By-law; nor to any Debt whereof there hath not been a Contract, Acknow-b M.’merit, In b rt: k ng. or Promise to pay within six Years before the talcing out of the Summons for the fim .*, although m 1 D.*t»t find not amount to forty Shillings.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons mak- Ppn*?t? on *i-i« c ‘ Cr.h or gu: c Evidence in any Cause or Matter whusoever depending in the said Court of Requests, in.til (u*i,n t v. .-til 2nd corrupt Pcjjury, and be thereof duly convicted according to Law, such Person or Pci <; s fin! incur and fuller the like Pains and Penalties as any other Person or Persons convicted cf w; ul ajid corrupt Perjury is or aie liable to, or shall be subjctl to, by the Laws and Statutes of* thns K fim.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person residing within Per.rfy on net t' c 11 iiiul: lds, Loruship, or Liberty aforesaid, who shall be duly served with a Subpoena or Summons, ro cbf,y,n&

! v i lined fir or th.* tai J Court of Kcqucfls, to give Evidence on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, ?‘rna*

I'u d! iirg! rt or rtfulc to appear pursuant to such Subpuma or Summons at the Time and Place therein mrno.vu J, ;.n 1 due Proof shall be made of the Service of such Subpoena or Summons, and no C iu;c of Ah hc hr shewn or; fiyivci to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners present at the Court to which such J* ’r.on lb ft 1 he by such Sucpccna or Summons required to appear, and Oath shall be made before the I*.id CMmm (1: r. s by the Party at who ft: initanee and on whole half such Subpoena or Summons iti’ued, tb. C the 1 (Mon f-.ved therewith was a material Wuncis for such Paitv, it ffi.ill and may be lawful to and for :&c 1- id Eojum fiionvrs, or «..y three or more of them, assembled in such Court, to impufc and lay a Fine not c-xr cechiig tfiv Shilling', r, r less th. n live Shillings, to be levied (if not immediately paid on Demand) by IdiltrvP and .* i c of I Ac Oft -nder’s CJoofs, by Warrant unlcr the Hands and Seals of the said Commhion- r-, of any three or more of them; which bine, when paid or levied, shall be paid over to the Party at v !r>ff lidtir.ee such Subyccna or Summons issued.

[Limitation of Actions.]

XXX. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall he brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within three Calendar Months mxt ..fter the C'aufc of Achon shall aiifc, and not afferwatuh, and Hull be laid in the County of WIlts, and not elsewhere;

16 C. 10, 11. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

[Publick Act.]

[Preamble.]

Aa 31 Geo. II.

The free Importation of Cattle from Ireland allowed for the Term of 7Years, without Payment of Duties.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

See farther c. 20. Preamble, reciting several Clauses in Act 12 An. St. z. c. 16.

Aa 14 Geo. II. c. 39.

and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this A d, and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereon; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue such Ad ion or Suit; or if, upon a Verdict or Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against: the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedies for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants can or may have in any other Cases where Costs are given.by Law.

XXXI. And be it further enacted/the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken, to be a public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. X.

An Act to permit the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland.

WHEREAS an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to permit the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland for a limited Time^ is near expiring ;* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the End of this Session of Parliament, the free Importation of all Sorts of Cattle into this Kingdom from Ireland shall be, and is hereby permitted, allowed, and authorised, for and during the Space of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that all Persons shall be, and are hereby, exempted, freed, and discharged, from the Payment of all Subsidies, Customs, Rate#, Duties, or other Impositions, and also from all Penalties, Forfeitures* Payments, and Punishments, for or on account of importing or bringing Cattle into this Kingdom from Ireland; any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Suit, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at' any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants.: And if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs; and have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

CAP. XI.

An Act for rendering more effectual an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen xinne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making Experiments of Proposals made for discovering the Longitude.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, the Commissioners therein named, or any five or more of them, have full

Power to hear and receive any Proposal or Proposals that shall be made to them for discovering the said Longitude; and in case the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall be so far satisfied of the Probability of any such Discovery, as to think it proper to make Experiments thereof, they shall certify the same, under their Hands and Seals, to the Commissioners of the Navy for the time being,

together with the Persons Names who are Authors of such Proposals; and, upon producing such Certificates, the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and required to make out a Bill or Bills for any such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two thousand Pounds, as the said Commissioners for the

Discovery of the said Longitude, or any five or more of them, shall think necessary for making the Experiments, payable by the Treasurer of the Navy; which Sum or Sums the Treasurer of the Navy is by the said Act required to pay immediately, to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners to make those Experiments, out of any Money that shall he in his Hands unapplied for the Use of the Navy: And whereas, fora due and sufficient Encouragement to any such Person or Persons as shall discover a proper Method for finding the said Longitude, it is likewise enacted by the said Act, that the first Author or Authors, Discoverer or Discoverers, of any such Method, his or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns,

shall be intitled to, and have such Reward, as in the said Act is particularly mentioned: And whereas by another Act of Parliament made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for surveying the Chief Ports and Head Lands on the Coa/ls of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Islands and Plantations thereto belongings in order to the more exact Determination of the Lon- gitude and Latitude thereof it was enacted, That the said Commissioners for discovering the said Longi- tude, or any Five or more of them, should have full Power to apply such Part of the said Sum of two thousand Pounds, mentioned in the said first recited Act, as had not then been laid out in Experiments,

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 11. 17

as they should think necessary for the making such Survey, and determining the Longitude and Latitude of the Chief Ports and Head Lands on the Coasts of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Islands and Plantations thereto belonging; and that such Sum or Sums, Part of the said two thousand Pounds, which the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, should think necessary,

should be paid immediately, by the Treasurer of the Navy, to such Person or Persons as should be appointed by the said Commissioners to make such Survey and dreermine such Longitude and Latitude, out of the Money that should be in the Hands of such Treasurer unapplied for the Use of the Navy: And whereas by an Act made in the twenty-sixtnVear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual an Act made in the Act 26 Geo. 2. c. *5.

twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick

Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover fit Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making Experiments of Proffals made for discovering the Longitude^ and to enlarge the Number of Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Act^ the further Sum of two thousand Pounds was directed to be applied, in such Manner as the Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude should think necessary, for making further Experiments: And whereas by an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering more effectual an and Ad 2 Geo 3. c.

Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea,

with regard to the making Experiments of Proposals made for discovering the Longitude, the further Sum of two thousand Pounds was directed to be applied, in such Manner as the Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude should think necessary, for making further Experiments: And whereas the said Commissioners have, by virtue of the Powers veftca in them by the said several Acts before mentioned, heard and received several Proposals made to them at different Times for discovering the said Longitude, and have accordingly certified the same, from time to time, to the Commissioners of the Navy for the time being; whereupon Gills have been made out for several Sums of Money, amounting in the Whole to six thousand Pounds; all which respective Sums have been paid to several Persons by the Treasurer of the Navy, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act* of Parliament, which the said Commissioners for discovering the Longitude thought necessary for making the said Experiments: And whereas, by reason of the several Pay- men's made by the Treasurer of the Navy to the several Persons as aforesaid, the said Commit fior.* i s nave, by virtue of the said Acts of Parliament, expended the Whole of the Sums thereby granted for the Purposes aforesaid: And whereas from the Experiments which have already been made, in pursuance of the Powers vested in the said Commissioners as aforesaid, there is great Reason to expect, that, by continuing to encourage ingenious Persons to invent and make further Improvements and Experiments in order to discover the said Longitude, such Discoveries may at length be produced as will effectually answer that End, and thereby contribute very much to the Advantage of the Trade and Honour of this Kingdom: Therefore, for enabling the said Commissioners to cause such further Experiments to be made as they shall think proper for the Purposes aforesaid,’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Commissioners, constituted by the said The Commii;>«eon* several Acts of Parliament before mentioned for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, and for by l.he rcci examining, trying, and judging, of all Propefals, Experiments, and Improvements, relating to the d!f-

fame, or any five or more of them, shall have full Power to hear and receive any Proposal or Pro- covering the Unglmd®* polals that have been or shall hereafter be made to them, for discovering the said Longitude at Sea; at Sea; and if failed and in cate the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall be so far satisfied of the of the Probability of any Probability of any such Proposal or Discovery, as to think it proper to make Experiment thereof, fcch Pr?poi!*1}thty *rc. they shall certify the same, under their Hands and Seals, to the Commissioners of the Navy for the nTomTio

time being, together with the Persons Names who shall be the Authors of such Proposals; and the Cornmia»or*M of upon producing such Certificate, the said Commissioners of the Navy are hereby authorised and the Na*y; *hoare required to make out a Bill or Bills for any such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two thou- th^upon ro mike out sand Pounds, as the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the said Longitude, or any five or ^coiT* '

more of them, shall think necessary for making any Experiments in pursuance of this Act, or any n^iTb*7u!uisiu’nrerf-of the said former Acts above mentioned, payable by the Treasurer of the Navy; which Sum or formA.n* the fc*. Sums the Treasurer of the Navy, for the time being, is hereby required to pay immediately to such primert; to be raid by Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the Commissioners for the Discovery of the said Lon-,rea, yrcronl15 gitude, to make those Experiments, out of any Money that shall be in his, the said Treasurers Nav,r*

Hands, unapplied for the Use of the Navy.

18 C. 12. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

CAP. XII.

An Act for granting and applying certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, towards further defraying the Expences of defending, protesting, and securing the same; and for amending such Parts of the several Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade and Revenues of the said Colonies, and Plantations, as direct the Manner of determining and recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures therein mentioned.

[Repealed by 6 Geo. 3. c. 11.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, several Duties were granted* continued, and appropriated, towards defraying the Expences of defending, protesting,

and securing, the British Colonies and Plantations in America: And whereas it is just and necessary, that rrovision be made for raising a further Revenue within Your Majesty's Dominions in America, towards defraying the said Expences: We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, have therefore resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several Rates and Duties herein after mentioned and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, throughout the Colonies and Plantations in America which now are, or hereafter may be, under the Dominion of his Majesty* his Heirs, and Successors.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Declaration, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder, Demurrer, or other rnurrers, £c. in Courts Pleading, or any Copy thereof, in any Court of Law within the British Colonies and Plantations of Law, 3d. per Sheet, in America, a Stamp Duty of three Pence.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Special Bail and Appearance upon such Bail in any such Court* a Stamp Duty of two Shillings.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be

ingrossed, written, or printed, any Petition, Bill, Answer, Claim, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder, "

ders. Demurrers^ &c. in Demurrer, or other Pleading in any Court of Chancery or Equity within the said Colonies and Courts of chancery or Plantations, a Stamp Duty of one Shilling and Six Pence.

Eouiry, rs. 6d. perbheet.

copies of petitions. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be.

Bills, &c. in the said i/igrofled, written, or printed, any Copy of any Petition, Bill, Answer, Claim, Plea, Replication* Courts, $d. per Sheet. Rejoinder, Demurrer, or other Pleading in any such Court, a Stamp Duty of three Pence.

Monitions, Libels, An- For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be tcrt*10^Renunlm- ingr°ffed» written, or printed, any Monition, Libel, Answer, Allegation, Inventory, or Renun-ihonsT&c. in Course*" c*at*on >n Ecclesiastical Matters in any Court of Probate, Court of the Ordinary, or other Court

trcifing Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction, 1 s. per Sheet.

Copies of Wills, Monitions, ter. in the said Courts, 6 d. per Sh et.

Tie following Stamp Duties to take place from and after 1 Nov. 1765.

Vie. On all Declarations, Pleas, Replications, Rejoinders, De

Special Bail and Appearances, in the said Court*, 2 3. per Sheet. Petitions, Bill*, A lifters, Claims, Plea?, Replications, Rejoin-

Donations, Presenta-tiorn, Collations, Insti Ail ions, Registers, En-

exercising Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction within the said Colonies and Plantations, a Stamp Duty of one Shilling.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be-ingrossed, written, or printed, any Copy of any Will (other than the Probate thereof) Monition* Libel, Answer, Allegation, Inventory, or Renunciation in Ecclesiastical Matters, in any fuel* Court, a Stamp Duty of six Pence.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Donation, Presentation, Collation, or Institution of or to any tries,iVftimoniaCccr-Benefice, or any Writ or Instrument for the like Purpose, or any Register, Entry, Testimonial, or tificatesof Degrees, al, Certificate of any Degree taken in any University, Academy, College, or Seminary of Learning* PerShect* within the said Colonies and Plantations, a Stamp Duty of two Pounds.

Monitions, Libe’s, For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be Claims, Answer3, Alle. ingrossed, written, or printed, any Monition, Libel, Claim, Answer, Allegation, Information, l^sW^eq*ucft°E«- Fetter of Recpicft, Execution, Renunciation, Inventory, or other Pleading in any Admiralty Court cations, Renmiciations, within the said Colonies and Plantations, a Stamp Duty of one Shilling.

Inventories, &c. in the Courts of Admiralty, is. per Sheet.

Corof any ferh Mo- For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which any* Libels,^ 6d. c°py of ai,y such Monition, Libel, Claim, Answer, Allegation, Information, Letter of Request* per cct‘ Execution, Renunciation, Inventory, or other Pleading, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, a

Stamp Duty of six Pence.

Appeal?, Writs of Error For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be nd of Dower, Ad quod ingrossed, written, or printed, any Appeal, Writ of Error, Writ of Dower, Ad auod damnum^ Car-S a *i°rarh Statute Merchant, Statute Staple, Attestation, or Certificate, by any Officer, or Exempli-rute'sr a plc^Attest a - fication of any Record or Proceeding in any Court whatsoever within the said Colonies and Plantations (except Appeals, Writs of Error, Certiorari, Attestations, Certificates, and Exemplifications,

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 12. 19

for or relating to the Removal of any Proceedings from before a lingle Justice of the Peace) a Stamp emp’:fic»ti«-ia of R*. Duty of ten Shillings. <ot*

any or the Court* (except Appeal*, &c. from Proceedings before a single Justice) 1 os. per Sheer.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be w.ltsofCcvemnt, crof ingrossed, vrritten, or printed, any Writ of Covenant for levying of Fines, Writ of Entry for En-ry, Attachment*, luhcring a Common Recovery, or Attachment issuing out of, or returnable into, any Court within it my of the nil the said Colonies and Plantations, a Stamp Duty of five Shillings. Cojrtl> 5 s. per Sheet.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which (halt he Judgments, Deeres, ingrossed, written, or printed, any Judgment, Decree, Sentence, or Difmidion, or any Record of Scn:cnccSvDjin\1;‘on> A/// Prius or Po/hay in any Court within the said Colonies and Plantations, a Stamp Duty of Ke.VJr,ds ° N h t rlu' '

i J cl n* / ' 7 r 7 «r l\iflea in-nyo. ihe

lour Shillings. Court*, 4s. per sheet.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be c mrrCJ1 ingrossed, written, or printed, any Affidavit, Common Bail or Appearance, Interrogatory Depo- Bi:i oV^ppruTr^n-fition, Rule, Order, or Wariant of any Court, or any Deditnus Potestatem, Capias, Subpoena^ Sum- territory Depofmons, mons, Compulsory Citation, Commission, Recognizance, or any other Writ, rrocefs, or Mandate, Hu'e, Or^s, vvar-

ccedings thereon or relating the reto) a Stamp Duty of one Shilling. Commulion*, Recog-

nizir.ee*, &c. in any of the said Courts, (except Warrants, See. relating to Criminal Matters, &c.) is. per Sheet.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be Licences, AppVmt-ingrossed, written, or printed, any Licence, Appointment, or Admission of any Counsellor, Sol- £’cr, ts> licitor, Attorney, Advocate, or Proctor, to practise in any Court, or of any Notary within the said *°umin?* Colonies and Plantations, a Stamp Duty of ten Pounds. YoTprrStZ.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be Bill*of Ladrng.Cockcts, ingrossed, written, or printed, any Note or Bill of Lading, which shall be signed for any Kind of C,tar*nces> 4d* Per Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, to be exported from, or any Cocket of Clearance granted within Sheet« the said Colonies and Plantations, a Stamp Duty of four Pence.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be Lctfers cf M rt, Com-ingrossed, written, or printed. Letters of Mart, or Commissions for Private Ships of Wjr, within nvCions for Private the said Colonies and Plantations, a Stamp Duty of twenty Shillings. War» lor per

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be Qr^fr‘ Appolntmm*, ingrossed, written, or printed, any Grant, Appointment, or Admission of or to any publick bene- Admans topubiick’ ficial Office or Employment, for the Space of one Year, or any lesser Time, of or above the Value bcn-ncin offices &c.

- For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which any Grants of liter i«, i»m*. Grant of any Liberty, Privilege, or Franchise, under the Seal of any of the said Colonies or Plan- \ii*ge* of Franctr*- tations, or under the Seal or Sign Manual ol\any Governor, Proprietor, or publick Officer alone, under the Seal of j»*y of Or in Conjunction with any other Person or Persons, or with any Council, or any Council and Assembly, or any Exemplification of the same, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, within the nor^Ac^o/any said Colonies and Plantations, a Stamp Duty of six Pounds. p'tf’cations th.u 61.

per Sheet.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be Licences for Br: ;:i g ingrossed, written, or printed, any Licence for Retailing of Spirituous Liquors, to be granted to any Sp‘r"»iou« L.quor*, Person who shall takeout the same, within the said colonies and Plantations, a Stamp Duty 0flo,*PerS tct* twenty Shillings.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be Licence*for Re ailing ingrossid, written, or printed, any Licence for Retailing of Wine, to be granted to any Person who v/ineon'), 4l. on fit all not take out a Licence for Retailing of Spirituous Liquors, within the said Colonies and Pian- s, Ctt* tations, a Stamp Duty of four Pounds.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on wh'ch shall be Licence* for Retailing ingrossed, written, or printed, any Licence for Retailing of Wine, to be granted to any Person who wh'rff a, Krrce fla all take out a Licence for Retailing of Spirituous Liquors, within the Rid Colonies and Plan- *! fr, tn?rd ,rr Kc*

t'x. r l n 1 1 tilling Spirituous Li-

tations, a bump Uutv or three Pounds. qt|or(> 3| ptr N|fct,

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which Anil be proVre*of w !i?,i.rt-

ingroded, Written, or printed, any Probate of a Will, Letters of Administration, or nf Guanlunship ten «f A m.n fration,

for any Fflate above the Value of Twenty Pounds Sterling Mon.y, within the British Colonies and Guar.’iarlW, &c. on

Plantations upon the Continent of America, the Blands belonging thereto, and the Bermuda and Oontin^nr, ><: the

hJuima lilands, a Stamp Duty of five Shillings. J‘;n<u f Btrm ’ ',nd

, 1 b _ _ _ _ I*'!i rnia, j, j.«r sheet.

t:n t f A J.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall he i.c

in^mflVd, written, or printed, any such Probate, Letters of Administration, or of Guardianllup, "!" wuh;n all other Parts of the British Dominions in America, a Stamp Duty of ten Shillings.

wua. i, Ot .*\.K Jj.lCt't.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be Bjn.i for ary Sum rot ingrossed, written, or printed, any Bond for securing the Payment of any Sum of Money, not ex-.1* rf $ «-L f n h® Cccding the Sum ot ten Pounds Sterling Money, within the British Colonies and Plantations upon L-nnuim j^ul.

20 C. 12. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

Bermuda and Bahama, the Continent of America, the Islands belonging thereto, and the Bermuda and Bahama Islands, 6d. per Sheet. Stamp Duty of six Pence.

Bot^s for any Sum above For every Skin or Piece of Velltim or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be 101. and not exceeding ingrossed, written, or printed, any Bond f or securing the Payment of any Sum of Money above

aoi. withm the J*ld ten Pounds, and not exceeding the Sum of twenty Pounds Sterling Money, within such Colonies*

acc, is. per ee. plantations^ ancj Islands, a Stamp Duty of one Shilling.

Bonds for any Sum above For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be

a°l. and not exeeeding ingrossed, written, or printed, any Bond for securing the Payment of any Sum of Money above

then 1 s.'Vd^per* twenty Pounds, and not exceeding forty Pounds Sterling Money, within such Colonies, Planta,-

Sheet/ ’ tions, and Islands, a Stamp Duty of one Shilling and lix Pence.

Warrant# for foraying For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be or Yetting out any Lands, ingrossed, written, or printed, any Order or Warrant for surveying or setting out any Quantity of CXCf^he«, C°<S> not e*cecding one hundred Acres, issued by any Governor, Proprietor, or any Publick Officer

per leeu alone, or in Conjunction with any other Person or Persons, or with any Council, or any Council

and Assembly, within the British Colonies and Plantations in America, a Stamp Duty of six Pence. w*rants for furvry'ng For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be or setting out any Lands ingrossed, written, or printed, any such Order or Warrant for surveying or setting out any Quantity *Land above one hundred, and not exceeding two hundred Acres, within the said Colonies and 1C°' ’ Plantations, a Stamp Duty of one Shilling.

Warrants for surveying For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet Or Piece of Paper, on which shall be r setting out any Lands Ingrossed, written, or printed, any such Order or Warrant for surveying or setting out any Quantity above 100 Acres, and cf ^anj above two hundr/d, and not exceeding three hundred and twenty Acres, and in proportion for every such Order or Warrant for surveying or setting out every other three hundred twenty Acres, within the said Colonies and Plantations, a Stamp Duty of one Shilling and six Pence.

meinc *,w*t* - ^0r everV Skih or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be

nnces^Scc'of CLambTnot ingr°ffed, written, or printed, any Original Grant, or any Deed, Mesne Conveyance, or other In<-exceeding 100 Acres strument whatsoever, by which any Quantity of Land not exceeding one hundred Acres shall be upon the Continent, or granted, conveyed, or assigned, within the Br'rtish Colonies and Plantations upon the Continent of islands of Bermuda «nd rfmer'Ua% the Islands belonging thereto, and the Bermuda and Bahama Islands (except Leases for SheeT*’,8' 6 PW any Term not exceeding the Term of twenty-one Years) a Sump Duty of one Shilling and six Pence,

Original Cnnu, tec. of For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be Lands above too Acres, ingrossed, written, or printed, any such Original Grant, or any such Deed, Mesne Conveyance, or J - other Instrument whatsoever by which any Quantity of Land above one hundred, and not exceeding two hundred Acres, shall be granted, conveyed, or assigned, within such Colonies, Plantations* and Islands, a Stamp Duty of two Shillings.

Original Grants, &c. of For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which Audi he Lands above »oo A< res, ingrossed, written, or printed, any such Original Grant, or any fifth Deed, Mesne Conveyance, or and not exceeding 320, other Instrument whatsoever, by Which any Quantity of Land'above twt> hundred, and not exceed—

and in proportion for. .... J J ~ <. 7. 9

©very other 320 Acres, in the said Places, % s.

6 d. per Sheet.

not exceeding 310, I s. 6d. per Sheet.

priginal Grants, or Deed*, Mesne Convey-

»nd not exceeding 200, within the said Places, 2 s. per Sheet.

Original Grants, arc. of

other instrument whatsoever, oy wnion any v£uantity ot i^aiuraDove two nurtures, and not exceeding three hundred and twenty Acres, shall be granted, conveyed, or assigned, and in proportion for every such Grant, Deed, Mesne Conveyance, or other Instrument, granting, conveying, or nffigning, every other three hundred and twenty Acres, within such Colonies, Plantations, and Islands, a Stamp Duty of two Shillings and six Pence.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum orj’archment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be

~ ~ Deed, Mesne Conveyance, or

exceeding one hundred Acres, # M British Dominions in America*

a Stamp Duty of three Shillings.

For every Skin of Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be Lands above 100 Acres, ingrossed, written, or printed, any such Original Grant, or any such Deed, Mesne Conveyance, or ^th^\he7am!TFar»’ ?r"er Instrument whatsoever. by which any Quantity of Land above one hundred, and not exceed-4$. per sheet. f ing two hundred Acres, shall be granted, conveyed, or assigned, within the same Parts of the said Dominions, a Stamp Duty of four Shillings.

Original Grants, tec, of For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be Lands above 200 Acres, ingrossC(^ wrkten, or printed, any such Original Grant, or any such Deed, Mesne Coveyance, or ^d Tn pw^tion 10*°’ ?ther Instrument whatsoever, whereby any Quantity of Land above two hundred, and not exceeding three hundred and twenty Acres, shall be granted, conveyed, or assigned, and in proportion for every such Grant, Deed, Mesne Conveyance, or other Instrument, granting, conveying, or aligning, every other three hundred and twenty Acres, within the same Parts of the said Dominions, a Stamp Duty of five Shillings.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Grant, Appointment, or Admission, of or to any publick benefi-puWickhencficl.il office, cial Office or Employment, not herein before charged, above the Value of twenty Pounds per Annum pbovc^iolChaf Ann ^te.rhng Money in Salary, Fees, and Perquisites, or any Exemplification of the same, within the Value,*or Exemplified- British Colonies and Plantations upon the Continent of Atnerica, the Islands belonging thereto, and tions thereof (Army, the Bermuda and Bahama Islands (except Commissions of Officers of the Army, Navy, Ordnance* Navy, and justices of the or Militia, and of Justices of the Peace) a Stamp Duty of fouT Pounds.

Peace excepted) upon the

Continent, or Islands of Bermuda and Bahama, 4l. per Sheet*

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 12. 21

Original Grants, &c. of

every other 320 Acres within the said Patti, 5s. per Sheet.

Grant*, Appointments, or Admission*, to any

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be Gra*t,or Admlffiont, in eroded, written, or printed, any such Grant, Appointment, or Admission, of or to any such pub- of

lick beneficial Office or Employment, or any Exemplification of the same, within all other Parts of America, 61. per Sheet, the British Dominions in America, a Stamp Duty of six Pounds.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be Indentures, Lease*, Con-ingossed, written, or printed, any Indenture, Lease, Conveyance, Contract, Stipulation, Bill of veyancc5»c®rjfr8^,*StU Sale, Charter Party, Proreft, Articles of Apprenticeship, or Covenant (except for the Hire of Ser- chirt^Parties* ProttrV, vants not Apprentices, and also except such other Matters as are herein before charged) within the Article of Apprentice-*' British Colonies and Plantations in America, a Stamp Duty of two Shillings and six Pence. rt>ip, or Covenant (except for the Hire of Servants, and other Matters before charged) as. 6d. per Sheet.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, 4m which any Warrant for inditing Warrant or Order for auditing any Publick Accounts, beneficial Warrant, Order, Grant, or Certw Publick Accounts, he-ficate, undrr any Publick Seal, or under the Seal or Sign Manual of any Governor, Proprietor, or *C Gran^Ceni^" publick Officer alone, or in Conjunction with any other Person or Persons, or with any Council, cues, under the Publick or any Council and Assembly, not herein before charged, or any Passport or Let-pass, Surrender of Sesi/or Sigo Manual of Office, or Policy of Ad'urance, shall be ingroded, written, or printed, within the said Colonies and Governor, nor implantations (except Warrants or Orders for the Service of the Navy, Army, Ordnance, or Militia, *°rc ch»r^i mid Grants of Offices under Twenty Pounds per Annum in Salary, Fees, and Perquisites) a Stamp Assurance*

Duty of five Shillings. (Warrants for the Nary

tr Army, or C riots of Offices under 201. per Annum Value, excepted) 5 s. per Sheet.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be Notorial A£h, Bondi, ingroded, written, or printed, any Notarial Act, Bond, Deed, Letter of Attorney, Procuration,

Mortgage, Release, or other Obligatory Instrument, not herein before charged, within the said Co- Mor*g

Ionics and Plantations, a Stamp Duty of two Shillings and three Pence. Obligatory inftn»mcxv>

not charged before, 13d. per Sheet,

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be Regiftm, Entries or ingroded, written, or printed, any Register, Entry, or Inrollment of any Grant, Deed, or other Instrument whatsoever herein before charged, withui the said Colonies and Plantations, a Stamp Duty sheetchar®*

of three Pence. 9 3 ’

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be Registert, Entries, or ingroded, written, or printed, any Register, Entry, or Inrollment of any Grant, Deed, or other inroiimenu of Grants,^ Instrument whatsoever not herein before charged, within the said Colonies and Plantations, a Stamp tJced,»fcc*1101 b«[or*, Duty of two Shillings. F «h»r8<d,,.pe, sh.«.

And for and upon any Pack of Playing Cards, and all Dice, which shall be fold or used within Duties payable upon the said Colonies and Plantations, the several Stamp Duties following (that is to say) Capdl Dice> via*

For every Pack of such Cards, the Sum of one Shilling. Cards, 1». per Pack.

And for every Pair of such Dice, the Sum of ten Shillings, D»ce, log> perpair#

And for and upon every Paper commonly called a PamphletP. and upon every News Paper, COn- Duties payable upon-tainine publicic News, Intelligence, or Occurrences, which shall be printed, dispersed, and made Pamphlets and New# publick, within any of the said Colonies and Plantations, and for and upon such Advertisements as PaPcr,»vla* are herein after mentioned, the respective Duties following (that is to say)

For every such Pamphlet and Paper contained in half a Sheet, or any lesser Piece of Paper, which ?"‘Pa*nPbl*t,f H, If

- , A aL r r dhcet, or MU, tq. OA

printed Copy thereof.

every printed Copy j

shall be so printed v a Stamp Duty of one Halfpenny, for every j

For every such Pamphlet and Paper (being larger than Half a Sheet, and not exceeding one whole being larger than Halfa Sheet) which ftmll be so printed* a Sump Duty of one Penny, for every printed Copy thereof. Sheet*and not exceeding

r# x whole Shrety id. for every printed Copy;

For every Pamphlet anil Paper being larger than one whole Sheet, and not exceeding fix Sheets being larger than one in Oflavo, or in a lesser Page, or not exceeding twelve Sheets in Quarto, or twenty Sheets in whole Sheet, and not Folio, which shall be so printed, a Duty after the Rate of one Shilling for every Sheet of any Kind "cfed'nsr'«,moaavof. of Paper which shall be contained in one printed Copy thereof. Sg -

or %c Sheets in Folio, 11. per Sheet for one printed Copy.

For every Advertisement to be contained in any Gazette, News Paper, or other Paper, or any for ewy Advert!fe®em* Pamphlet which shall be lb printed, a Duty of two Shillings. in any Gazette, ©rochet

For every Almanack or Calendar for any one particular Year, or for any Time less than a Year, For every Almanack, which shall be written or printed on one Side only of any one Sheet, Skin, or Piece of Paper, Parch- &c.tofcrvefuroreVe«r, ment, or Vcllom, within the said Colonies or Plantations, a Stamp Duty of two Pence. otone si^t on"* - d*

For every other Almanack or Calendar for anyone particular Year, which shall be written or For errry other Alma, printed within the said Colonies and Plantations, a Stamp Duty of four Pence. n*ek,&c. for <me Y r,

And for every Almanack or Calendar written or printed within the said Colonies and Plantations, For every Aimaoiekt# to serve for several Yean, Duties to the same Amount respectively shall be paid for every such fc

Year. 7 Duties to the fime A-

' mount ret'^cliwcly fuf-

Forv«Af»

22 C. 12. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

On inffroment^Pro- For every Skill or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which any ceciioft, tec. aforesaid, Instrument, Proceeding, or other Matter or Thing aforesaid, shall be ingrossed, written, or primed, plirmd, fiTanj1other within the said Colonies and Plantations, in any other than the English Language, a Statop Duty of than the English Lan- Double the Amount of the respective Duties before charged thereon.

guage, Double the Amount of the respective Duties before charged thereon.

On Fees paid with And there shall be also paid in the said Colonies and Plantations, a Duty of six Pence for every

no^e*c0^dhlPpro, ltlCaC, twenty Shillings, in any Sum not exceeding fifty Pounds Sterling Money, which shall be given, Duty^of*6d^for every contracted, or agreed for, with, or in relation to any Clerk or Apprentice, which shall be put

aosf so piidj or placed to or with any Mailer or Mistress to learn any Profefliort, Trade, or Employment,

a,id is. for every 20s. And also a Duty of one Shilling for every twenty Shillings, in any Sum exceeding fifty Pounds,

in any Sum exceeding which shall \& given, paid, contracted, or agreed, for, with, or in relation to any such Clerk or 5° Apprentice.

What (halt be deemed

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Deed, Instrument, Note, Pri c es of Assurance Memorandum, Letter, or other Minument or Writing, for or relating to the Payment of any Sum the AftthC McanlD* °* of Money, or for making any valuable Consideration for or upon the Loss of any Ship, Vessel, 1C Goods, Wages, Money, Effects, or upon any Loss by Fire, or for any other Loss whatsoever, or

for or upon any Life or Lives, shall be construed, deemed, and adjudged to be Policies of Assurance, On what Cases the In- within the Meaning of this Act: And if any such Deed, Instrument, Note, Memorandum, Letter, furance and Premium or other Minument or Writing, for insuring, or tending to insure, any more than one Ship or ate forfeited* Vessel far more than any one Voyage, or any Goods, Wages, Money, Effects, or other Matter or

Thing whatsoever, for more than one Voyage, or in more than one Ship or Vessel, or being the Property of, or belonging to, any more than one Person, or any particular Number of Persons General Partnership, or any more than one Body Politick or Corporate, or for more than one Risque t then, in every such Case, the Money insured thereon, or the valuable Consideration thereby agreed to be made, mall become the absolute Property of the Insured, and the Insurer shall also forfeit the Premium given for such Insurance, together with the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

Whatrtiall be deemed a

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Deed, Instrument, Note, ctuner Pusy. Memorandum, Letter, or other Minument or Writing, between the Captain or Master or Owner.

of any Ship or Vessel, and any Merchant, Trader, or Other Person, in respect to the Freight or Conveyance of any Money, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Effects, laden or to be laden on board of any such Ship or Vessel, shall be deemed and adjudged to be a Charter Party within the Meaning of this Act.

Bodes, &c. frrvins

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Books and Pamphlets serving chitfiy for Aimamcks, chiefly for the Purpose of an Almanack, by whatsoever Name or Names intituled or described, are to <*> Duty as such anc] shall be charged with the Duty imposed by this Act on Almanacks, but not with any of the

y' Duties charged by this Act on Pamphlets, or other printed Papers; any thing herein contained to

the contrary notwithstanding.

The aforesaid Duties V. Provided always, That this Act shall not extend to charge any Bills of Exchange, Accompts, ivy to extend to Bills Bills of Parcels, Bills of Fees, or any Bills or Notes not sealed for Payment of Money at Sight, or

ui txchanp*, &c. upon Demand, or at the End of certain Days of Payment.

or po Probate of Wii's,

VI. Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to charge the Probate of any or Lc.teis«i Aemini* Will, or Letters of Administration to the Effects of any Common Seaman or Soldier, who shall die S'vmo"’ or dy- *n ^Is Majesty's Service; a Certificate being produced from the Commanding Officer of the Ship or I-6 in the King's Scr- Vessel, or Troop or Company, in which such Seaman or Soldier served at the Time of his Death* vice. and Oath, or if by a Quaker a Solemn Affirmation, made of the Truth thereof before the proper

Judge or Officer by whom such Probate or Administration ought to be granted; which Oath or Affirmation such Judge or Officer is hereby authorised and required to administer, and for whick no Fee or Reward shall be taken.

The extraordinary Du- ’

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That until after the Expiration of five Years from the tics on Jnrtruments, in Commencement of the said Duties, no Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece any other ihan the Fng- of p, per? on which any Instrument, Proceeding, or other Matter or Thing shall be ingossed, otake"ce'wft h i n °* written, or printed, within the Colonies of Quebec or Granada* in any other than the English Lan-^.cb/corCranxd., for gnage, shall be liable to be charged with any higher Stamp Duty than if the same had been in-5 Years. gt\ fied, written, or printed in the English Language.

InTrurnents for grant-

VIII. Provided always, That nothing in thi Ad contained shall extend to charge with any ifig, Arc. Lants, made Duty, any Deed or other Instrument, which shall be made between any Indian Nation and the Mnh any in ian Na- Governor, Proprietor of any Colony, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief, alone, or in

tt »n, in not cbjirge Conjunction with any other Person or Persons, or with any Council, or any Council and Assembly

a > c wiuj u. cs, of any of the said Colonies or Plantations, for or relating to the granting, surrendering, or conveying, any Lands belonging to such Nation, to, for, or on Behalf of his Majesty, or any such Proprietor, or to any Colony or Plantation, nor are Prrc'amadons,

IX. Provided always, That this Act shall not extend to charge any Proclamation, Form$ of,) 010.!. of p ay*rf Votes Prayer and Thanksgiving, or any printed Votes of any House of Assembly in any of the said Colo-Hours njes and Plantations, with any of the said Duties on Pamphlets or New's Papers; or to charge any

lo ti) i ]>()())cs commonly used in any of the Schools within the said Colonies and Plantations, or any Books

v« »!n Vn'd-Advrr- containing only Matters of Devotion or Piety; or to charge any single Advertisement printed printed foicly; by itself, or the daily Accounts or Bill of Goods imported and exported, so as such Accounts or Bills

8 do

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 12.

A> contain no other Matters than what have been usually comprized therein > any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to charge with any of the said Duties, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper* on which shall only be engrossed, written, or printed* any Certificate that shall be necessary to intitle any Person to receive a Bounty granted by Act of Parliament.

XI*. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Duties shall be under the Management of the Commissioners for the time being, of the Duties charged on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in Great Britain: And the said Commissioners are hereby impowered and required to employ such Officers under them, for that Purpose, as they shall think proper; and to use such Stamps and Marks, to denote the Stamp Duties hereby charged, as they shall think fit 5 and to repair, renew, or alter the same, from time to time, as there shall be Occa-fton; and to do all other Acts, Matters, and Things, necessary to be done, for putting this Act in Execution with relation to the Duties hereby charged.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for managing the said Duties, for the time being, shall and may appoint a fit Person or Persons to attend in every Court or Publick Office within the said Colonies and Plantations, to take notice of the Vellum, Parchment, or Pape/, upon which any of the Matters or Things hereby charged with a Duty shall be rngrossed* written, or printed, and of the Stamps or Marks thereupon, and of all other Matters and Things tending to secure the said Duties; and that the Judges in the several Courts, and all other Persons to whom it may appertain, shall, at the Request of any such Officer, make such Orders, and do such other Matters and Things, for the better securing of the said Duties, as shall be lawfully or reasonably desired in that Behalf: And every Commissioner and other Officer, before he proceeds to the Execution of any Part of this Act, shall take an Oath in the Words, or to the Effect following (that is to say)

23

Djitjr Acconnfs rf I;n. port?, Exportt j

or Cettifcatrs to iccf'vc Parliamentary Bouj.lus.

The Dnti's to le under the Management if the CommissionffS for the Stamp Dibits in Great Britain, who are to appoint proper Oflucis, and Stamps, See.

They are to appoint air Officer to a’tend in every Court, or public Offrcer to take care of all Matters relating to the said Duties. Judges and others to aiTift in securing the said Duties. Commissioners and orher Officers, to take the fol^ lowing Oath.

I A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully execute the Trust reposed in me, pursuant to an Act The Oath#. 4 A of Parliament made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, for granting certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America* without Fraud or Concealment; and will from time to time true Account make of my Doing the rein, and deliver the same to such Person or Persons as his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors* shall appoint to receive such Account; and will take no Fee, Reward, or Profit, for the Execution or Performance of the said Trust, or the Business relating thereto, from any Person or Persons, other than such as shall be allowed by his Majesty* his Heirs, and Successors, or by some other Person or Persons under him or them to that Purpose authorised/

Or if any such Officer shall be of the People commonly called Quakers* he shall take a Solemn Oath by to Be-

Affirmation to the Effect of the said Oath; which Oath or Affirmation shall and may be admini- admimitcred.

ftered to any such Commissioner or Commissioners by any two or more of the same Commissioners*

whether they have or have not previously taken the same: And any of the said Commissioners, or

any Justice of the Peace, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, or any Governor, Lieutenant Governor. Judge, or other Magistrate, within the said Colonies or Plantations, shall and may administer

such Oath or Affirmation to any subordinate Officer.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, and ComminTnnmand effiv all Officers to be employed or entrusted by or under them as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, cen u"der them»toob* in and for the better Execution of their several Places and Trusts, observe such Rules, Methods* and f^rve fiKh Ruic? as the Orders, as they respectively shall, from time to time, receive from the High Treasurer of Great them.0* rKcn Britain* or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of such Commissioners for the Time being; and that the said Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties shall take care to b*-taken th^r especial Care, that the several Parts of the said Colonies and Plantations shall, from time to time, the Col >nir< be suffici-be sufficiently furnished with Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, stamped or marked with the said entl? furnifted with respective Duties. Stamp*.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall Person*signinr.writing sign, ingross, write, print, or fell, or expose to Sale, or cause to be signed, ingrossed, written, printing, or idling any

Primed, or fold, or exposed to Sale, in any of the said Colonies or Plantations, or in any other Thingchargeable win*.

art of his Majesty's Dominions, any Matter or Thing, for which the Vellum, Parchment, or JhalibiduMilm Paper, is hereby charged to pay any Duty, before the same shall be marked or stamped with the 0r\*hichfliaii 5air.pt Marks or Stamps to be provided as aforesaid, or upon which there shall not be some Stamp or for a lower Duly, for-Marle resembling the same; or shall sign, ingross, write, print, or fell* or expose to Sale, or cause f«t 10J. to be signed, ingrossed, written, printed, or fold, or exposed to Sale, any Matter or Thing upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, that shall be marked or stamped for any lower Duty than the Duty determined by this Act made payable in respect thereof; every such Person. so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Matter or Thing what* Wornffrumrrt charge soever, by this Act charged with the Payment of a Duty, shall be pleaded or given in Evidence, a^e."’,th a ^ur-v to be or admitted in any Court within the said Colonies and Plantations, to be good, useful, or available any Cote*ualca^ in Law or Equity* unless the same shall be marked or stamped, in pursuance of this Act, with the lUnq-t:' *

respective Duty hereby charged thereon* or with an higher Duty.

24-

C. I 2.

Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

-annex the lame to the J>ee4# fix.

after which it shall be Admitted u Evidence.

Copies of such Certificate*, &c. to be trans-

if any Instrument

XVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if ajajr rot auly stamped at the Vellum* Parchment, or Paper, containing any Deed, Instrument, or other Matter or Thing, shall be pCf educed toT^C hief* not duly flapped in pursuance of this A cl, at the Time of the Signing, Sealing, or other Exe-Distributor, and Pay- cution, or the Entry or Inrollrnent thereof, any Person interested therein, or any Person on his or ment made of 101. and her Behalf, upon producing the same to any one of the Chief Distributors of stampt Vellum, Double Duties, he is to Parchment, and Paper, and paying to him the Sum of ten Pounds for every such Deed, Instrument* fijn a Cemficate, and Matter, or Thing, and also Double the Amount of the Duties payable in respect thereof, shall be rA intitled to receive from such Distributor, Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, damped pursuant to this Act, to the Amount of the Money so paid; a Certificate being first written upon every such Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, expressing the Name and Place of Abode of the Person by or oa whose Behalf such Payment is made, the general Purport of such Deed, Instrument, Matter, or Thing, the Names of the Parties therein, and of the Witnesses (if any) thereto, and the Date thereof, which Certificate shall be signed by the said Distributor; and the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, shall be then annexed to such Deed, Instrument, Matter, or Thing, by or in the Presence of such Distributor, who shall impress a Seal upon Wax, to be affixed on the Part where fgch Annexation shall be made, in the Presence of a Magistrate, who shall attest such Signature and Sealing; and the Deed, Instrument, or other Matter or Thing, from thenceforth shall and may, with the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, so annexed, be admitted and allowed in Evidence in any Court whatsoever, and shall be as valid and effectual as if the proper Stamps had been impressed thereon at the Time of the Signing, Sealing, or other Execution, or Entry or Inrollrnent thereof: And the said Distributor shall, once in every lix Months, or oftener if required by the CommiT-. - lf, sioners for managing the Stamp Duties, send to such Commissioners true Copies of all such Certi-

mmiflio^c^foc0 ficates, and an Account of the Number of Pieces of Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, so annexed* Sump, and of the respective Duties impressed upon every such Piece.

The Penalty of forging

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall foqpe, or altering any such Ccr- counterfeit, crafe, or alter, any such Certificate, every such Person so offending shall be guilty of <cificate, is Death. Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without the Benefit of Clergy.

The Penalty of counter-

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons fl*alh

feiting or forging any of in the said Colonies or Plantations, or in any other Part of his Majesty's Dominions, counterfeit the Sramps, or th2 lm- or forgc any Seal, Stamp, Mark, Type, Device, or Label, to refemhle any Seal, Stamp* Mark, prciTiiM thereof j or Type, Device, or Label, which shall be provided or made in pursuance of this Act; or shall coun

Irp, *or *utterin^iny" tcri'cit or refemhle the Impression of the same upon any Vellum, Parchment, Paper, Cards* Dice,

thing with such’coun- or other Matter or Thing, thereby to evade the Payment of any Duty hereby granted; or Avail urfeit Mark, know- make, sign, print, utter, vend, or sell, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or other Matter or Thing, with such counterfeit Mark or Impression thereon, knowing such Mark or Impression to be counterfeited; then every Person so offending shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without the Benefit of Clergy.

XIX. And it is hereby declared, That upon any Prosecution or Prosecutions for such Felony, the Dye, Tool, or other Instrument made use of in counterfeiting or forging any such Seal, Stamp* Mark, Type, Device, or Label, together with the Vellum, Parchment, Paper, Cards, Dice, or other Matter or Thing having such counterfeit Impression, shall, immediately after the Trial or Conviction of the Party or Parties accused, be broke, defaced, or destroyed, in open Court.

PemW ofinrolling, &c.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Register, Publick Officer* any Matter or Thing Clerk, or other Person in any Court, Registry* or Office within any of the said Colonies or Pian-*ot duly stampt, iszol. tations, shall, at any Time after the said First Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, enter, register, or inroll, any Matter or Thing hereby charged with a Stairip Duty, unless the same shall appear to be duly stamped; in every such Case such Register, Publick Officer* Clerk* or other Person, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

Counfeilcr* ar ©thento

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said First *rhom it belong*, nc- Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, if any Counsellor, Clerk, Officer* gliding to file or record Attorney, or other Person, to whom it shall appertain, or who shall be employed or intruded* in whkh a°Dut ii f^ie Colonies or Plantations, to enter or file any Matter or Thing in respect whereof any Duty toricU 501. AislI he payable by virtue of this Act, shall neglect to enter, file, or record the same, as by Law the same ought to be entered, filed, or recorded, within the Space of four Months after he shall have received any Money for or in respect of the same, or shall have promised or undertaken so to do *, or shall neglect to enter, file, or record, any such Matter or Thing, before any subsequent* further, or other Proceeding, Matter, or Thing, in the same Suit, shall be had, entered, filed* or recorded; that then every such Counsellor, Clerk, Officer, Attorney, or other Person so neglecting or offending, in each of the Cases aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds for every such Offence.

Wn.liyof wrainp,

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, at i.iv Matter lor which a any Time after the said first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five* shall vvritc, ingross, or print, or cause to be written* ingrossed, or printed, in the said Colonies or Plan-diTie-- Nations, or any other Part of his said Majesty's Dominions, either the Whole or any Part of any

able with a Duty, wtre Matter or Thing whatsoever in respect whereof any Duty is payable by this Act, upon any Part of

before written, &c. or any Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, whereon there shall have been before written any other tVs»t<juienily rrafing the Matter or Thing in respect whereof any Duty was payable by this Act; or shall fraudulently

Incmi’°or°uki] craie> or cau^e to cra^> the Name or Names of any Person or Persons, or any Sum, Date,

icicui, or a try or

ijigly, is Death.

Counterfeit Stamps, See.

after Conviction of the Party, to be Uestroyed in open Court.

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 12. 25

or other Thing, ingrossed, written, or printed, in such Matter or Thing as aforesaid; or fraudu- '^e f"',

lently cut, tear, or get off, any Mark or Stamp from any Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, to*01 vI 1 5

or any Part thereof, with Intent to use inch Stamp or Mi.ik for any other Matter or Thing in respect whereof any Duty shall be payable by virtue of this ASi; that then, and so often, and in every such Case, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Surn of fifty Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Matter and Thing, in part ofmWrings *c. respetl whereof any Duty shall be payable in putfmucc of this Act, shall he ingrossed, written, or to be up or .»* n? »r to, printed, in such Manner, that some Part thereof shall be cither upon, or as near as conveniently tl»c Sump* a> m*y b? may be to, the Stamps or Marks denoting the Duty; upon Pain that the Person who shall ingross, on lv'ially ot 5 write, or print, or cause to be ingrossed, written, or piinted, any such Matter or Thing in any other Manner, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sun of five Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. Tint cverv Officer of each Court, Th: Day and Y>ar of

and every justice of the Peace or other Person within the said Colonies and Plantations, who shall iiTuin^ any Wm or iho. ilfuc any Writ or Process upon which a Duty is by this Act ptyabfo, (lull, at the lifuing thereof,

set down upon such Writ or Process the Day and Year of his issuing the same, which shall be "0*anyonVhe vv.it, ffi

entered upon a Remembrance, or in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, letting forth the Abstract an Entry ma.ie th-r- of such Writ or Process; upon Pain to forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds for every such Offence. on Penalty 1^.

XXV. And, for the better collecting and securing the Duties hereby charged on Pamphlets containing more than one Sheet of Paper as aforesaid, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty*five, A prime! Opy 01 every one printed Copy of every Pamphlet which shall be printed or published within any of the said ’j"‘J: 1 (z

Colonies or Plantations, shall, within the Space of fourteen Days after the printing thereof, be ^'|-a brought to the Chief Distributor in the Colony or Plantation where such Pamphlet shall be printed, orjeno bcroglfurcd, and the Title thereof, with the Number of the Sheets contained therein, and the Duty hereby and the Duty aiccruu.cd charged thereon, shall be registered or entered in a Book to be there kept for that Purpose; which *,ld Faii*

Duty shall be thereupon paid to the proper Officer or Officers appointed to receive the same, or

his or their Deputy or Clerk, who shall thereupon forthwith give a Receipt for the same on such Receipt to b given for

printed Copy, to denote the Payment of the Duty hereby charged on such Pamphlet; and if any lhc 1,imc on lLe L°ry

such Pamphlet shall be printed or published, and the Duty hereby charged thereon shall not be duly Pamphlet printed or

paid, and the Title and Number of Sheets shall not be registered, and a Receipt for such Duty ti \ »hI.-JAu-

given on one Copy, where reotiircd so to be, within the Time herein before for that Purpose u^)rfw"

limited; that then the Author, Printer, and Publisher, and all other Persons concerned in or about lifter,.&c. to’f>ucit

the printing or publishing of such Pamphlet, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten 10). and thrirProperty

Pounds, and shall Jofc all Property therein, and in every other Copy thereof, so as any Person may in tDC

freely print and publish the same, paying the Duty payable in respect thereof by virtue of this Act,

without being liable to any Action, Prosecution, or Penalty for so doing.

XXVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatsoever Penalty of felling any shall fell or cxjxjfc to Sale any such Pamphlet, or any News Paper, without the true respective Pamphlet or News Paper Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode, of some known Person or Persons by or for whom p^cof Abe*?of the same was really and truly printed or published, shall be written or printed thereon; upon the PrrnurorPubl&cr Pain that e\cry Person offending therein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty »oi.

Pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Officer appointed for No StamP* for Pamph-

di iff i but ing damp Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, in the said Colonies or Plantations, shall fell or tius«cu°

deliver any damped Paper for printing any Pamphlet, or any publick News, Intelligence, or Occur- t\iy L'gVJcn for Pa* ing fences, to be contained in one Sheet, or any lesser Piece of Paper, unless such Person shall give the Du ics for Adver. Security to the said Officer, for the Payment of the Duties for the Advertisements which shall be ufemcau thereon, printed therein or thereupon.

XXVIII. And whereas it may be uncertain how many printed Copies of the said printed News Papers or Pamphlets, to be contained in one Sheet or in a lesser Piece of Paper, may be fold; and to the Intent the Duties hereby granted thereupon may not he Icffcned determined by printing a less Number than nnv be fold, out of a Fear of a Loss thereby in piinting more such Copies than will he fold; it is hereby provided, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the proper Officer The Sumps iron fu !» or Officers appoinrcd for managing the said Stamp Duties, shall and may cancel, or car.fc to be Ncvvs ri iUs' cancelled, all the Stamps upon the Copies of any Impression of any News Paper or Pamphlet con- pl,rTl*,a tained in one Sheer, or any lesser Piece of Paper, which shall really and truly remain unfold, and - trn-

of which no Profit or Advantage has been made; and upon Oath, or if by a Quaker, upon Solemn deiinr’tU* or.-, ie<ag Affirmation, rrude before a Justice of the Pence, or other proper Mngilhate, that r!I such Copies, examined on O.th a« to contiining the Stamps so tendered to be cancelled, are really and truly remaining unfold, and thatlilc none of the find Copies have been fraudulently returned or rebought, or any Profit or Advantage made th.vcof; v. hit h Oath or Affirmation such Magistrate is hereby authorised to adminiff r, and tu examine upon Oath or Affirmation into ail Circumff.n c$ relating to the f Ding <r such printed (fopies; shall and may deliver, o' ciufc to b? <Mi\cded, the like Fm ’ *:r 01 Shcit', Hilf Sheets, or less Pieces of Paper, prop r!y stumped with the Time r f relive S mp^, Nun !, IV,rt upon Payment made for such Paper, bur no Duty so.f! he t:l:en for the Stamps t:i herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: And lb*: laid Commissioners

Dmies for the time being are hereby impowered, horn tin.c to tiny. to u.ake fueii Tj \ tL. X. a.id

hng of 01 icr G, T:crr to *1io*r, ), VC

ns mv (I.:,-11

26

C. 12.

Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

for such Cancelling and and Orders for regulating the Methods, and limiting the Times, for such Cancelling and Allovr-Allowance. ance as aforesaid, with respect to such News Papers and Pamphlets, as they shall, upon Experience

and Confederation of the several Circumstances, find necessary or convenient, for the effectual securing the Duties thereon, and doing Justice to the Persons concerned in the priming and publishing thereof.

Stamps may be deWed

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Officer by the Officer for print* or Officers employed by the said Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties, shall and may inj» Almanack?, up in deliver to any Person, by or for whom any Almanack or Almanacks shall have been printed. Paper giving Security for the marked or stamped according to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, for the Printing such Almanack DutlC3* or Almanacks, upon his or her giving sufficient Security to pay the Amount of the Duty hereby

And hs is to allow for charged thereon within the Space of three Months after- such Delivery; and that the said Officer

Almanacks brought to or Officers, upon bringing to him or them any Number of the Copies of such Almanacks, within

be cancelled wiiiiin a the Space or three Months from the said Delivery and Request to him or them in that Behalf

certain time. made, shall cancel all the Stamps upon such Copies, and abate to every such Person so much of the

Money due upon such Security as such cancelled Stamps shall amount to.

Where Almanacks con-

XXX. Provided always, That where any Almanack shall contain more than one Sheet of Paper, tain mure than oneSheer, it shall be sufficient to (temp only one of the Sheet3 or Pieces of Paper upon which such Almanack enrol the sheets only fliull be printed, and to pay the Duty accordingly.

may ampt.

XXXI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the

j 1^-.. _ r \r ..» _ 7___.1___r r______ 1___j___j ___j ..... n _ __ E»__

Prisons felling or hawk- j (],-{} Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, in case any Person or Per-

inji Almanacks, or News Papcri, not being duly fhropt, forfeit 40 S.

Sums gi/en with Clerks

and bare Date the Day of Execution,

on Forfeiture of double the said Sums.

fons, within any of the said Colonies or Plantations, shall fell, hawk, carry about, utter, or expose to Sale, any Almanack, or Calendar, or any News Paper, or any Book, Pamphlet, or Paper, deemed or construed to be, or serving the Purpose of, an Almanack or News Paper, within the Intention and Meaning of this Act, not being stamped or marked as by this Act is directed; every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings, w.u.^

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first or Appientices to be in- Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, the full Sum or Sums of Money, or ferted in the indentures, other valuable Confi ieration received, or in any wise directly or indirectly given, paid, agreed, or contracted, for, with, or in relation to any Clerk or Apprentice, within any of the said Colonies or Plantations, shall be truly inserted, or written in Words at Length, in some Indenture or other Writing which shall contain the Covenants, Articles, Contracts, or Agreements, relating to the Service of such Clerk or Apprentice; and shall bear Date upon the Day of the signing, sealing, or other Execution of the same, upon Pain that every Master or Mistress to or with whom, or to whose Use, any Sum ol Money, or other valuable Consideration whatsoever, shall be given, paid, secured, or contracted, for or in respect of any such Clerk or Apprentice, which shall not be truly and fully so inserted and specified in l'ome such Indenture, or other Writing, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit double the Sum, or double the Amount of any other valuable Consideration so given, paid, agreed, secured, or contracted for; to be sued for and recovered at any Time, during the Term specified in the Indenture or Writing for the Service of such Clerk or Apprentice, or Indentures to be brought within one Year after the Determination thereof; and that all such Indentures, or other Writings, to the proper Officer shall be brought, within the Space of three Months, to the proper Officer or Officers, appointed by wi-hin three Months, the said Commissioners for collecting the said Duties within the respective Colony or Plantation; and the Duty to be then anj the Duty hereby charged for the Sums, or other valuable Consideration inserted therein, shall pal &c* be paid by the Master or Mistress of such Clerk or Apprentice to the said Officer or Officers, who

Forfeiture of Double shall give Receipts for such Duty on the Back of such Indentures or other Writings; and in case the Duty shall not be paid within the Time before limited, such Master or Mistress shall forfeit Double the Amount of such Duty.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Indentures or Writings within the said Colonies and Plantations, relating to the Service of Clerks or Apprentices, wherein shall not be truly inserted or written the full Sum or Sums of Money, or other valuable Consideration, received, or in any wise directly or indirectly given, paid, agreed, secured, or contracted* for, with, or in relation to any such Clerk or Apprentice, and a Receipt given for the same by the Officer or Officers aforesaid, or whereupon the Duties payable by this Act shall not be duly paid or lawfully tendered, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act, within the Time herein for that Purpose limited, shall be void and not available in any Court or Place, or to any Purpose whatsoever.

WhereMa/tcr, At. neg-

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Master or Mistress left to p;-.y ihe Duties, of any Clerk or Apprentice shall neglect to pay the said Duty, within the Time herein before limited, and any such Clerk or Apprentice shall in that Case pay, or cause to be paid, to the Amount of Double the said Duty, either during the Term of such Clerkship or Apprenticed! ip, or within one Year after the Determination thereof, such Master or Mistress not having then paid the said Double Duty, although required by such Clerk or Apprentice so to do; then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Clerk or Apprentice, within three Months after such Payment of the said Double Duty, to demand of such Master or Mistress, or his or her Executors or Administrators, such Sum or Sums of Money, or valuable Consideration, as was or were paid to such Mailer or Mistress, for or in respect of such Clerkship or Apprenticeship; and in case such Sum or Sums of Money, or valuable Consideration, shall not be paid within three Months after such Demand thereof made, it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Clerk or Apprentice, 2 or

on the Amount.

Indenture* declared void, where the Fee is not inferred, and the Duty duly paid.

Aprrcnt ce in such

upon Pavirent of Double Di tie;, &c. is inti le i to recover the apprentice Fee j

27

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 12.

or any other Person or Persons on his or her Behalf, to sue for and recover the same, in such Manner as any Penalty hereby inflicted may be sued for and recovered; and such Clerks or Apprentices shall, immediately after Payment of such Double Duty, be and are hereby discharged from their and 10 d:fehar£ed. Clerkships or Apprenticeships, and from all Actions, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Damages, for not serving the Time for which they were respectively bound, contracted for, or agreed to serve, and shall have such and the same Benefit and Advantage of the Time they shall respectively have continued with and served such Mailer or Mistress, as they would have been intitled to in case such Duty had been paid by such Master or Mistress within the Time herein before limited for that Purposr.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all printed Indentures, or Printed indenture to Contracts for binding Clerks or Apprentices, after the said first Day of November, one thousand have the following No. seven hundred and sixty-five, within the said Colonies and Plantations, shall have the following lice a'id"vi tlicrctw* Notice or Memorandum printed under the same, or added thereto, videlicet,

HT HE Indenture mutt bear Date the Day it is executed; and the Money, or other Thing, The Notice,

4 X given or contracted for with the Clerk or Apprentice, mutt be inserted in Words at Length;

and the Duty paid, and a Receipt given on the Back of the Indenture, by the Distributor of Stamps, or his Substitute, within three Months after the Execution of such Indenture, under the Penalties inflicted by Law/

And if any Printer, Stationer, or other Person or Persons, within any of the said Colonies or Plantations, or any other Part of his Majesty's Dominions, shall fell, or cause to be sold, any such Indenture or Contract, without such Notice or Memorandum being printed under the same, or added thereto; then, and in every such Case, such Printer, Stationer, or other Person or Persons, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds.

XXXVI. And, for the bettor securing the said Duty on Playing Cards and Dice, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, no Playing Cards or Dice shall be fold, exposed to Sale, or used in Play, within the said Colonies or Plantations, unless the Paper and Thread inclosing, or which shall have inclosed, the same, shall be or shall have been respectively sealed and stamped, or marked, and unless one of the Cards of each Pack or Parcel of Cards, so fold, shall be also marked or stamped on the spotted or painted Side thereof with such Mark or Marks as shall have been provided in pursuance of this Act, upon Pain that every Person who shall fell, or expose to Sale, any such Cards or Dice which shall not have been so respectively sealed, marked, or stamped, as hereby is respectively required, shall forfeit fer every Pack or Parcel of Cards, and every one of such Dice so fold or exposed to Sale, the Sum of ten Pounds.

XXXVII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person within the said Colonies or Plantations, or any other Part of his Majesty's Dominions, shall fell or buy any Cover or Label which has before been made use of for denoting the said Duty upon Cards, in order to be made use of for the inclosing any Pack or Parcel of Cards; every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit twenty rounds.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if either the Buyer or Seller of any such Cover or Label shall inform against the other Party concerned in buying or idling such Cover or Label, the Party so informing shall be admitted to give Evidence against the Party informed against, and shall be indemnified against the said Penalties.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall fraudulently inclose any Parcel or Pack of Playing Cards in any Outside Paper so sealed and stamped as aforesaid, the same having been made use of for the Purpose aforesaid; then, so often, and in every such Case, every Person so offending in any of the Particulars before-mentioned, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of f\ivcrnbery one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, every Clerk, Officer, and other Person employed or concerned in granting, making out, or delivering Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors or Wine within any of the said Colonies or Plantations, (hull, and he is hereby required and directed, within two Months after delivering any such Licences, to transmit to the Chief Dittributor of lbinpcd Vrilum, Parchment, and Paper, a true and exact Lift or Account of the Number of Licences so delivered, in which shall be inserted the Names of the Persons licensed, and the Places where they itfpci lively rcfiJc; and if any such Clerk, Officer, or other Person, shall refuse or neglect to tran rrit any such Lift or Account to such Distributor, or shall transmit a false or untrue one, then, anti in every such Case, such Clerk, Officer, or other Person, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit fifty Pounds.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Licences for felling or utrering determined by Retail Spirituous Liquors or Wine within any of the said Colonies and Plantations, dull be in Force and lerve for no longer than One Year from the Date of each Licence respectively.

XIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors or Wine, dial) die or remove from ti c House or Place wherein such Spirituous Liquors or Wmc fluil, by virtue of such Licence, be fold, it shall and may be lawful for the Executes, Administrators, or Assigns, of such Perljn so dying or removing* who shall be possessed of such

E 2 ilcufe

Penalty of felling any such I (.denture, without such Notice ad Jed,

is 10l.

No unstamped Cards or Dice to be iold, or ui'cd.

on Penalty of 101.

Penalty of buying or selling Covers, &c. before made use of, denoting the Duty, in order to inclose other Cards, is 20 1.

Buyer or Seller inform-in_, is indemnified a-gaiull the Penalty.

Prnaltyof fraudulently inclolin^ C.'rda in fiarvpt Cover lvf< re made use of, is 10l.

Officers desircrn- ont Licences for retuCi- g Spirituous Liquors <,r Wire, are Jo trarl.r.it vurhin every two Mon*h«, an Account of the Nurrber so delivered, ani tuc i’utt-CJ Name;,

on Forfeiture of 501.

Such Licence*, to be in Forte for one Year only.

Where a Person licensed fluil d.eor rrrr.ovc, the Licence flul! be* jroo toe the ur.tspued Terra thertol.

2S

C. 12.

Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

House or Place, or for any Occupier of such House or Place, to sell Spirituous Liquors or Wine therein during the RefuJuc of the Term for which such Licence shall have been granted, without any new Licence to be had or obtained in that Behalf; any thing to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Person* felling Wine or

XLIII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall Spirit* in a lef* Quanti- fe\\ or VJtfrr by Retail, that is to say, in any less Quantity than one Gallon at any one Time, any without taking oat*’* Kind of Wine, or any Liquor called or reputed Wine, or any Kind of Spirituous Liquors, in the Licence forfeit 201. said Colonies or Plantations, without taking out such Licence yearly and eve: y Year, he, she, or they* so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

Person*retailingSpiritu-

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall retail ous Liquor* or Wine in Spirituous Liquors or Wine in any Prison or House of Correction, or any Workhouse appoined or any Prison, &c. *re to appointed for the Reception of Poor Persons within any of the said Colonies or Plantations* deemedRetai en. shall a Retailer of Spirituous Liquors or Wine within this Act.

If no Provision be

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time made for licensing Re- after the said first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, there shall not be any 'ranted Vnd"rMewed by Provision made for licensing the Retailers of Wine or Spirituous Liquors, within any of the said Co-therefpe^veGofernori* ionics or Plantations; then, and in every such Case, and during such Time as no provision shall be made, such Licences shall and may be granted for the Space of one Year and renewed from time to time by the Governor or Commander in Chief of every such respective Colony or Plantation.

Person* buying at any

XLVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall one Time, of the chief at any one Time buy of any Chief Distributor within any of the said Colonies or Plantations, Vel-iheA^mofTare, Un?’ P^chment, or Paper, the Duties whereof shall amount to five Pounds Sterling Money of Great to b* allowed°4j. per* Britain, or upwards, shall be allowed after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum, upon the prompt Cmt. on prompt Pay Payment of the said Duties to such Chief Distributor.

ment.

Commissioner* Officer*

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all publick Clerks or Officer* and talle Ko^e*°from all Colonies or Plantations, who shall from time to time have in their Custody any Publick

Publick Book* in the* B°°ks> or other Matters or Things hereby charged with a Stamp Duty, shall, at any seasonable Time Publick office* where or Times, permit nny Officer or Officers thefeunto authorised by the said Commissioners for ma-S'a^p Duties are charg- naging the Stamp Duties, to infoedf and view all such Publick Books, Matters, and Things, and to ed, m order to ascertain take thereout such Notes and Memorandums as shall be necessary for the Purpose of ascertaining or cf 2o|U.t CS* °n Peaa ly securing the said Duties, without Fee or Reward; upon Pain tint every such Clerk or other Officer who shall refuse or neglect so to do, upon reasonable Request in that Behalf made, shall, for every such Refusal or Neglect, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

Treasurr to set annually

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the High Treasurer of Great the Price of Stamps j Britain, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of such Commissioners,

for the time being, shall, once in every Year at least, set the Prices at which all Sorts of stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall be sold by the said Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties, and their Officers: and that the said Commissioners for the said Duties shall cause such Prices to be marked upon every such Skin and Piece of Vellum and Parchment, and Sheet and Piece of Paper: And if any Officer or Distributor to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall fell, or cause to be sold, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, for a greater or higher Price or Sum than the Price or Sum so set or affixed thereon, every such Officer or Distributor mall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XLIX. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Officers who shall be respectively employed in the raising, receiving, collecting, or paying, the several Duties hereby

the Price so ftt to be mar/ceJ thereon; Officer* fellini tli^m at a higher Price forfeit 101.

Officer* crrploved in raising or paying the re

flvdive Dat es, to fxht- charged, within the said Colonies and Plantations, shall every twelve Months, or oftener, if there-

bl_.lu*v Crf'en- U!Tto rcclu>rcf^ by the said Commissioners for managing the Laid Duties, exhibit his and their respective er, before the Governor, Account and Accounts of the said several Duties upon Oath, or if a Quaker upon Affirmation, in.

thereof >ea' i

the Presence of the Governor, or Commander in Chief, or principal Judge of the Colony or Plantation where such Officers shall be respectively reftdent, in such Manner as the High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of such Commissioners for the time being, shall, from time to time, direct and appoint, in order that the same may be immediately afterwards transmitted by the said Officer or Officers to the Commissioners for managing the said Duties, to be comp-trolled and audited according to the usual Courleand Form of comptrolling and auditing the Accounts Officer refufin? so to rfo, 0y the Stamp Duties arising within this Kingdom: And if any of the said Officers shall negledfc or or not d,:iv paying over rcsure so exhibit any such Account, or to verify the same upon Oath or Affirmation, or to transmit any such Account so verified to the Commissioners for managing the said Duties, in such Manner, and within such Time, as shall be so appointed or directed; or shall neglect or refuse to pay, or cause to be paid, into the Hands of the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties in Great Britain^ or to such other Person or Persons as the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, Qr any three or more of such Commissioners for the time being, shall, from time to time, nominate or appoint, the Monies respectively raised, levied, and received, by such Officers under the Authority of this Act, at

in erder that the faTie be tra a faulted to 1 he Orunuilitners.

llu* Money in his Manus.

or diverting or miC

such Times, and in such Manner, as they shall be respectively required by the said High Treasurer, ink any Part thereof or Commissioners of the T renhiry; or if any such Officers shall divert, detain, or misapply, all or m rrrutninp any Person any Part of the said Monies so by them respectively raised, levied,' and received, or shall knowingly infuptrf^r Monied p*id j return any Person or Persons insuper for any Monies or other Things duly answercJ, paid, or accounted

for*

C,

A.D. 1675. Anno quint© Georgii III. c. 12. 29

for, by such Person or Persons, whereby he or they shall fuftaia any Damage or Prejudice; in every forfeit* Treble tfce Sums i jeh Cale, every such (Officer shall be liable to pay Treble the Value of all and every Sum and Sums or mifiipplied,

of Money so diverted or misapplied; and shall also be liable to pay Treble Damages to the Party "£c !rie*Td * g ieved, by returning him in/user. 1

E. And be it fuuher enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners, Receiver or Receiver* General of the Receivers G'neial, or other Person or Persons, who shall be respectively employed in Great Britain, Duties to exhibit their in the dittoing, receiving, or paying, the Monies arising by the Duties hereby granted, shall, and Account* to the Audi-are hcicbv required, between the tenth Day of October and the fifth Day of yanuury following, and

io from car to Year, ycaJv, at ihofe limes, to exhibit their respective Accounts thereof to his Ma- 1*" yearly, to be decltr-j.-fly's Auditors of the lirprcft in England for the time being, or one of them, to be declared before ed before the Treasury the High Tre.Turer, or Commissioners of the Treasury and Chancellor of the Exchequer for the time and Exchequer, being, actorjt.ig to the Courlc of the Exchequer.

I i. And b it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Commissioners for ma- Commissioner* or Renaming the said Duties, or the said Receiver or Receivers General, shall neglect or refuse to pay into ceiver* General not duly the Exchequer all or any of the said Monies, in such Manner as they are required by this Act to PaX*n* fheMonie* into pay the same, or shall divert or n.ifuppiy any Part thereof; then they, and every of them fothe E*hc<lueJj FV. t»ffcnding, shall be liable to pay double the Value of all and every Sum and Sums of Money so ©ffiYabVto pay Double divined or misapp.icd. the Value of the Sum*

n.ifapplled.

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Comptroller or Comptrollers Comptroller of the Du-for the time being of the Duties hereby impok d, shall keep perfect and distinct Accounts, in Books of the M^ieVarifing10* fairly written, of all the Monies arising by the said Duties; and if any such Comptroller or Comp* thereby, on Penalty of trollers (Pail negleiSf his or their Duty therein, then he or they, for every such Offence, shall forfeit tool, the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

LIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies which shall arise Diltielt* thereoa by the fevcial Rates and Duties hereby granted (except the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, excepVcdjto^V*® recovering, answering, paying, and accounting for the same, and the necessary Charges from time to the Exchequer aparr, time incurred in relation to this Act, and the Execution thereof) shall be paid into the Receipt of his and referred for the Di£ Majesty's Exchequer, and shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies, and shall be Pofuioa of Parliament, there teferved to be from time to time disposed of by Parliament, towards further defraying the neces- *c# fiiry Expen :es of defending, protecting, and securing, the said Colonies and Plantations.

4 E1V. And whereas it is proper that some Provision should be made for Payment of the necessary Charges attending the

Expence* which have been, and shall be incurred in relation to this Act, and the Execution thereof, locution of this act

and of the Orders and Rules to be established under the Authority of the same, before the said Duties to'be^aid cu^of

shall take effect, or the Monies arising thereby shall be diffident to discharge such Expences ;* Be the sinking Fund, by it therefore ended by the Authority; fore said, That his Majesty may, and he is hereby impowered Warrant from the King, by any Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, at any Time or Times before the Twen- at any Time *° tiem Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, to cause to be issued and paid out of any jJ^nSwVo be repaid out of the Surpluses, Excesses, Overplus Monies, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly of the*Dutie*.

Called The SinnKg Funcly (except such Monies of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any

particular Ule or Uses by any former Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be necessary to defray the said Expences; and the Monies so issued shall be reimbursed, by Payment into the Exchequer of the like Sum or Sums out of the first Monies which shall srt by vnrue of this Act; which Monies, upon the Payment thereof into the Exchequer, shall be carried to the Accounr, ar.J made Part of the said Fund.

LV. And it is hereby further enacted and dechrcd. That all the Powers and Authorities by this Three CommifTontn Aw‘l granted to the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and impowered to act. Paper, shall and may be fully and effectually carried into Execution by any three, or rfioie of the Li I Commissioners; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

EVE And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Forfeitures and Penalties Penalties and Forfeiture* incurred after ihe twenty-ninth Day of 4 September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, for Of- incurred after l^scp-fences comm tted ng.iinil an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, tember»for5),rcn* intituled, An Act for granting certain Duties in the British) Colonies and Plantations in An:erica, £fS Act* <0’*' 4 for continuing, amending, and making pciprtual, an Act pa (led in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Maicfiy King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing and rn- e-.nt S'fng the ‘trade of his Majestys Sugar Colonies in America; for applying the Produce of such Duties, and of the Duties to arilc by virtue of the said Act, towards debasing the Exigences of

defending, piutccline, and securing, the find Colonies and Plantations; for explaining an Act nude in the twenty-filth Yrar of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intr ded. An Act for the 4 E.eourannunt rf the Go-..land and Eafilarid Trades, and for the better fiuiing 0: PI nt&thn 7 iudc\

4 ar <! ( r nluuing ani ditallowirg several Drawbacks on Exports from this King lom, and more cd t ctually preventing the clar defiinc Conveyance of Goods to and from the fin 1 t'domes and Plan*

tabons, ;.nd imprmn gaud securing the Trade between the same and Great Brii.iinf and for Offence*. commut'd ug lin.t any ot cr Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade or Revenues of

the (..id Colonic: 01 Plantations; shall and may be prosecuted, find for, and recovered, in any Court where to le proAcuted c>f Record, or m any Court of Admiralty, in the respective Co! ry or iJlan^ati(»n v. here the Ufieiue and r«ovocd.

Erall Ik* C' urmttcJ, or in any Court of Vice Admiralty appointed or so be appointed, and winch fin ill have Junfdidtruji within such Colony, Plantation, or Place, (which Courts oi* AJiiuraliy or Vice Ad-

m:;a’ty

Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

The Monies granted as Duties and [mpefftions, See, to bcconfidcred and pTiil as Sterling Money of Great Bri'.ain $ at the Rare of 5 s. 6 d. per Oz, in Silver.

Penalties and Forfeitures in the Colonies and Plantations are recover-abh in anyoi the Courts of Record where the Offence is committed. Scc. bait Persons aggrieved by the Determinations of any of the said Courts, under this Act, or the Act of Geo. 3. may appeal to a Vice Admiralty Court,

Penalties and Forfeitures incurred in other Parts, to be recovered with full Cods, in any Court of Record in the Place,

C. 12.

miralty are hereby respectively authorised and required to proceed, hear, and determine the same (at the Election of the Informer or Prosecutor. ’

LVII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sums of Money granted and imposed by this Act as Rates or Duties, and also all Sums of Money imposed as Forfeitures or Penalties, and all Sums of Money reauired to be paid, and all other Monies herein mentioned, shall be deemed and taken to be Sterling Money of Great Britain, and shall be collected, recovered, and paid, to the Amount of the Value which such nominal Sums bear in Great Britain; 2nd that such Monies shall and may be received and taken, according to the Proportion and Value of five Shillings and six Pence the Ounce in Silver; and that all the Forfeitures and Penalties hereby inflicted, and which shall be incurred in the said Colonies and Plantations, shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, in any Court of Record, or in any Court of Admiralty, in the respective Colony or Plantation where the Offence shall be committed, or in any Court of Vice Admiralty appointed or to be appointed, and which shall have Jurisdiction within such Colony, Plantation, or Place, (which Courts of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty are hereby respectively authorised and required to proceed, hear, and determine the same) at the Election of the Informer or Prosecutor; and that from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, in all cases, where any Suit or Prosecution shall be commenced and determined for any Penalty or Forfeiture inflicted by this Act, or by the said Act made in the fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, or by any other Act of Parliament relating to the Trade or Revenues of the said Colonies or Plantations, in any Court of Admiralty in the respective Colony or Plantation where the Offence shall be committed, either Party, who shall think himself aggrieved by such Determination, may appeal from such Determination, to any Court of Vice Admiralty, appointed or to be appointed, and which shall have Jurisdiction within such Colony, Plantation, or Place, (which Court of Vice Admiralty is hereby authorised and required to proceed, hear, and determine such Appeal) any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding; and the Forfeitures and Penalties hereby in Aided, which shall be incurred in any other Part of his Majesty's Dominions, shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any Court of Record within the Kingdom, Territory, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, in such and the same Manner as any Debt or Damage, to the Amount of such Forfeiture or Penalty, can or may be sued for and recovered.

Forfeitures, fee. in the

LVIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all the Forfeitures and Penalties hereby infii&ed Colonies and Plantations J be divided, paid, and applied, as follows; (that is to say) one third Part of all such Forfeitures third toltheVChicfCDif- anc* Pena*es recovered in the said Colonies and Plantations, shall be paid into the Hands of one of rtiibutor for the King’s the Chief Distributors of stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, refiJing in the Colony or Planta-use, one third to the tion wherein the Offender shall be convicted, for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors; Governor, and one third one third Part of the Penalties and Forfeitures, so recovered, to the Governor or Commander in to the Prosecutor. In Chief of such Colony or Plantation; and the other third Part thereof, to the Person who shall to The King °anti the^ *n^orm or ^ue for the same; and that one moiety of all such Penalties and Forfeitures recovered other to the Prosecutor. *n any other Part of his Majesty's Dominions, shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, to the Person who shall inform or sue for the same.

Offence* made Felony,

LIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Offences which are by thfs to be tried in any of the Ad made Felony, and shall be committed within any Part of his Majesty's Dominions, shall and Courts of Law where may be heard, tried, and determined, before any Court of Law within the respective Kingdom, committed. Territory, Colony, or Plantation, where the Offence shall be committed, in such and the same Man-

ner as all other Felonies can or may be heard, tried, and determined, in such Court.

Governor to be sworn

LX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the present Governors or to the due Execution of Commanders in Chief of any British Colony or Plantation, shall, before the said first Day of Arj-11115 A"* vernier, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, and all who hereafter shall be made Governors

or Commanders in Chief of the said Colonies or Plantations, or any of them, before their Entrance into their Government, shall take a solemn Oath to do their utmost, that all and every the Clauses contained in this present Act, be punctually and bora fide observed, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, so far as appertains unto the said Governors or Commanders in Chief respectively, under the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, either for neglecting to take the said Oath, or Penalty on not taking for wittingly neglecting to do their Duty accordingly, as are mentioned and expressed in an Act made char VnMhcir Duty the *n (cvciith and eighth Year of the Reign of King fVifliam the Third, intituled, An Act for prevent-

fame .<1 is expressed in Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in the Plantation Trade; and the said Oath hereby required to be Act 7 ft 8 wil. 3. taken, shall be administered by such Person or Persons as hath or have been, or shall be, appointed to Oath by whom to be ad- administer the Oath required to be taken by the said Act made in the seventh and eighth Year of the immUered. Reign of King William the Third.

Records and othfr Writ-

LXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Records, Writs, Pleadings, ing* charged with the and other Proceedings in all Courts whatsoever, and all Deeds, Instruments, 2nd Writings what-Duties to be ingrossed soever, hereby charged, shall be ingrossed and written in such Manner as they have been usually

and written as utually. accustomed to be ingrossed and written, or are now ingrossed and written within the said Colonies and Plantations.

[General Issue.]

LXII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued or prosecuted,

either in Great Britain or America, for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person and Per-(bns shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence;

and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants -

And

31

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 13.

And if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, Treble Costt* and have the like Remedy for the same, as Defendants have in other Cases by Law.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for impowering the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts passed for Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, to collect certain l olls on Sundays* upon the several Roads therein mentioned, and apply the same for the Purposes of the said Acts.

WHEREAS n Act was made in the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, Stat.i Geo. 3.

An Act for Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster; the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint 4 George Bloomsbury, that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew’s Holbourn which lies in the County of Middlesex, the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which lies in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And whereas an Act was made in the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign,

to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said former Act: And whereas an Act was made the last Session of Parliament, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said two former Acts: And whereas great Progress has been made in executing and performing the several Powers and Authorities in the said Acts contained; but for want of a sufficient Fund the same cannot be completed Wherefore, and to the End and Intent that so useful an Undertaking may be effectually carried into Execution, May it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and a Street Toll to be paV*

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, at the several Turnpike*

That upon and afrer the first Sunday after the passing of this Act, there shall be paid to the Receiver here mentioned, before

or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, to be nominated and appointed as is herein after mentioned,

before any Cattle or Carriages shall be permitted to pass on a Sunday through any or eitlver of the c P€rmiKC 10

Turnpikes hereunder mentioned, or through any Turnpike to be erected by virtue of this or any other P

Act or Acts of Parliament, near the same; videlicet, The Turnpike nearest to Westminster Bridge, in

the County of Surrey, the Turnpike nearest Saint fames's Park at Pimlico \ any Turnpike at Ken/ing-

ton, near the Entrance into Hyde Park; the Turnpike nearest to Hyde Park Corner; the several

Turnpikes at Tyburn; the several Turnpikes at or near the End of the Village of Saint Mary le Bone;

at or near the End of Portland Street; at or near the Publick House on the New Road leading from

Paddington to Jjlington known by the Sign of the Green Alan; and upon the said New Road nearest to,

and to the Eastward of, Tottenham Court; the Turnpike at Tottenham Court, belonging to the

Northern Road; the Turnpike or Turnpikes nearest the North End of Grays Inn Lane; the

following Tolls; videlicet.

For every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Chaise, Chair, Calash, or other Carriage, drawn by fix or The Tollt, more Horses, the Sum often Pence.

For every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Chaise, Chair, Calash, or other Carriage, drawn by four Horses, the Sum of eight Pence.

For every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Chaise, Chair, Calash, or other Carriage, drawn by three or two horses, the Sum of six Pence.

And for every Chaise, Chair, Calash, or other Carriage, drawn by one Horse, the Sum of three Pence.

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass, not drawing, the Sum of one Penny.

’Which said respective Sums of Money shall and may be demanded and taken in the Name of and for The fdu Toll* to it.

a Street Toll, over and above, and exclusive of all other Tolls which are or shall be authorised to be taken above and

taken and collected upon or on account of the said Roads, or ary of them; and the Monies to be Jlv<; °* olf*c*_ToM*

raised by virtue of this Act, shall be and are hereby vested in the Commissioners for putting the Lid cdm omn,‘

Acts of the second, third, and fourth Years of his present Majesty in Execution; which laid Commissioners are hereby likewise declared to be Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution; anil

the said Monies shall and may be applied and disposed of for the several Uses, Intents, and Purpoks,

mentioned in, and directed by, the said Acts: And the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of Toll* to t* lev'>d by them, are hereby impowered by themselves, or by any Person or Persons by them, or any five or more UiiWeft aodSnc.

of them, thereto authorised, to levy the Toll hereby required to be paid, upon any Person or Persons who shall, after Demand thereof made, neglect or rcfule to pay the same as aforesaid, or to deny or

birder any P^fTage through the said Turnpikes respectively, until Payment thereof; w\ kh said Toll

shall and miy be levied by Distress of any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle, upon which the Toll is

by the Act imposed, or upon any of the Goods and Chattles of such Person or Persons who ought to pay

32

Dlflrefa may be fold after Four Days,

Commissionerc may ert& Turnpikes, Stc.

Turnpikes, See. vested in the Commissioners.

Tolls may be collected at the Turnpikes already tredted.

Toils to be paid but once a Day,

Commissioners may lease, &c. the Tells,

Commissioners may appoint Officers.

Officers to account upon Oath.

C. 13. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

pay the same 5 and all such Hordes* Cattle, or Goods, may be detained until such Toll, with the reasonable Charges of such Distrefe, shall be paid; and it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, so distraining, after the Space of four Days after such Distress made or taken, to fell the Horse or Ho. fes, Cattle, Goods, or Chattles, so distrained, rendering to the Owner or Owners thereof the Overplus* upon Demand, after Satisfaction of the said Toll, and the reasonable Charges in and about making such Distress, Keeping, and Sale, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall he lawful for the Lid Commissioners, or any five or more of them, if they tlrall think proper, at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act, to cause to be erected any Turnpike or Turnpikes at or near all or any of the respective Places afore mentioned, for thj purpose of collecting the several and respective Tolls hereby made payable, and also to be erected or provided a Toll-house at or near each Turnpike; and from time to time, to remove or alter the same, as they the said Commissioners, or any live or more of them, shall think expedient: And the Right and Property of all the Turnpikes and Toll-houses to be, from time to time, erected and provided by virtue of this Act, and the kight and Property of the Materials provided for building or repairing the same, shall be, and are hereby, vested in the said Commissioners; and they, or any five or moie of them, are hereby impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, in the Names of any two or more of them, or of their Treasurer or Clerk 5 or to prefer, or order the preferring of, indictments against any Person or Persons who shall injure the same, or any Part thereof, or disturb them in the Possession thereof, or take, or retain, or hold Possession thereof, after being required by the Order of any five or more of the said Commissioners to deliver up the same.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the several and respective Receivers and Collectors, and other Persons to be appointed by virtue of this Act, to receive and collect the several Tolls hereby made payable; and they are hereby authorised and irrmowered for the Purposes of this Act, without the Lett, Hindrance* or Molestation, of any Person or Persons whatsoever, to make use of all or any the Gates or Turn-pikes and Toll-houses already fcfedled, or hereafter to be erected or continued by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament, at or near the several and respective Places whereat any Toll is hereby authorised to be taken, so as such respective Receivers, Collectors, or other Persons, do in no wife hinder or interrupt the transacting of any Business or Purpose for which such Turnpikes and Toll-houses were respectively erected or provided.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall be liable to pay the said Street Toll more than once for passing or repairing at any Time or Times on the same Sunday as aforesaid, with the same Cattle and Carriage; but that all and every Person and Persons, after having paid such Toll once, as aforesaid, shall, during the Remainder of such Day, pass Toll-free, with respect to the said Street Toll, with the same Cattle and Carriages, through the Gate or Turnpike at which any such Toll was paid, and also through all other Gates or Turnpikes whereat the said Tolls are hereby made payable, upon producing a Note or Ticket denoting the Payment of such Toll; which Notes or Tickets the Collectors of the said Tolls are hereby required to give gratis on Receipt of such Tolls.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may, and are hereby impowered, upon ten Days Nc ice being given in the London Gazette, to lease or farm by the Year the Tolls by this Act granted, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons, at or for the larged yearly’ Sums that can be got for the same; provided that such Lettings or Agreements be made in Writing, and signed by the Person or Persons taking or farming my such Tolls, and by the Commissioners that let the same, and be not made for more than three Years at a Time; and that the Money that shall be so agreed to be paid for the said Tolls, shall be made payable and shall be paid to the said Commissioners, by quarterly Payments; and that the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so let, shall always pay down one Quarter’s Pay in Advance; and if any Letting or Agreement for letting the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be made, or any Default shall be made in paying the Money agreed to be paid, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, then every such Letting and Agreement shall be void, and the Person or Persons to whom the said Tolls shall be let, shall he liable to account for the same, and to have the same levied and recovered upon and of him and them, in the same Manner as is by this Act directed for the accounting for the said Tolls by the Collectors thereof, and for the levying and recovering the same upon and of them.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at any Time or Times, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals, to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons to be Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, of the said respective Tolls as they shall think fit; and all Persons by this Act made liable to pay the said Tolls, or any of them, are hereby required to pay the same to such Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, as aforesaid; and all such Receivers and Collectors shall respectively pay the same into the Hands of such Person or Persons 3s the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall, from time to time, direct and appoint; and shall also upon Oath, if thereunto required by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to administer) from time to time give in to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or to

i such

c.

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 13. 33

such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, a true, exact, and perfect Account in Writing under their respective Hands, of all Monies which they and every or any of them shall to such Time have received by virtue of this Act; and if any such Receiver or Collector shall not make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath, any such Account, or to make Payment as aforesaid, then, or in either of such cases, it shall be lawful for any one or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County, Division, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, and such Justice or Justices, upon Complaint thereof to him or them made, is and are hereby authorised and required to make Inquiry concerning such Default, as well by Con-fdfion of the Party, as by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer without any Reward) and if any such Receiver or Collector shall be.convicted of any or either of the Offences aforesaid, such Justice or Justices shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Division, or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded with the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint; which Composition the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to make; and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall and may, out of the Monies arising by the said Tolls, or otherwise, make such Allowances unto their Receivers and Collectors, and all other Persons to be employed by or under the said Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, for their Care and Pains in their respective Offices, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think fit and reasonable.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall forcibly or wilfully go or pass with any Horse, Bcaft, or Carriage, through any Turnpike whereat any Toll is by virtue of this Act to be paid, without paying such Toll, or producing a Note or Ticket as aforesaid, at such Turnpike, or shall knowingly or designedly assault, interrupt, or obstruct, any or either of the Collectors or Persons employed in the collecting or receiving any or either of the said Tolls, or any otherwise in the Execution of his or their Office or Offices of Receiver or Collector, or shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall deliver to, or receive from, any ofher Person or Persons, any Note or Ticket, with an Intent to avoid the Payment of any or either of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof; every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings, over and besides such Damages and Punishments as they and every of them respectively shall be liable to by Law; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Receivers or Collcitorr, and for every of them, and all other Persons by them required to assist in that Respect, to seize any Horse or Horses, Cattle or Goods, belonging to, or in the Post'dfion or under the Care of, any Person or Persons so offending in the Premisses, and the same to take before any Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where such Offence or Offences shall be committed, and before him to make Complaint of such Offence or Offences; and such Justice may and is hereby required to enquire into the same, as well by Examination of the Party or Parties, as by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered to administer," without Fee or Reward) and if the said Justice shall fee Cause, to ennvift the Party or Parties complained of in the Penalty aforesaid; and for Non-payment thereof, and of the oils that shall be due, (though the same shall not be demanded) by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the said Horse or Horses, Cattle or Goods, to be sold for Payment of the said 'Polls and Penalties, and the Charges of seizing and keeping the same, and of such Sale, rendering the Overplus, if any there shall be, to the Owner or Owners of the said Horse or Horses, Cattle, or Goods, or to the Person or Persons under whose Care or in whose Possession they respectively was or were when so firized as aforesaid; and if no such Seizure as aforesaid can or shall be made, then the aforesaid Penalty and Tolls shall be levied and recovered by such Means, and applied in such Manner, as are in the said Acts of the second, third, and fourth Years of his present Majesty, or either of them, made and provided for the levying. Recovery and Application, of Penalties and Forfeitures.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may and are hereby impowered to borrow and take up at Interest, any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls payable by virtue of this Act; and to assign over the same, or any Part or Parts thereof, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals, the Charges of such Assignments and Conveyances to be paid out of such Tolls rcf|Te&ivclv, to any Person or Persons that shall advance or lend their Monies thereon p.s a Security or Securiti?s for the several Sums that shall be borrowed, and the Interest thereof as aforesaid; and Copits of all such Assignments and Conveyances shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners; and all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Assignment shall be made as aforesaid, is and are hereby im-nowered from time to time by Assignment under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, to be indorsed on the Back of his, her, or their Security, or by any other Writing or Writings under his, her, or their Hand and Seal,* or Hands and Seals, which shall be executed in the Presence of two or more credible Witnesses, to assign over or transfer his, h?r. or their Right to the Principal or Interest Money thereby secured, to any, Person or Persons whomlotver; all which Assignments or Transfers shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk or Treasurer wirhin thirty Days after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry to be made of such Assignments, containing the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein mentioned to be assigned and transferred, in the salt! Book or Books to be kept for entering the said Original Assignment% and which said Book or Books shall and may at all seasonable Times be perused and inspeaed wirhont any Fee or Reward; and after such Entry made, such Assignment or Transfer shall intitle such Act;gnee, his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon, and such Assignee may in such Manner assign, or transfer again, and so tctics quoties; and it shall

Vql, X. F not

Officers refuting to account, Justices to inquire into the Default,

and commit the Offender,

until Payment or Compositisn be made.

Comm iffie nets to allow Officers Salaries.

Penalty on forcibly passing through the Gates, &c.

or giv.ng or rc* reiving Tickets, &c. to avoid Payment of the Toll*.

Tolls may be assigned for Money borrowed.

Assignments f be entered in a Book.

Assignments may be traof* ferred.

Entries of all Assignments to be made.

34

C.

13*

Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

not be in the Power of any Person who shall have made any such A/signment or Transfer, to make void, jcleafe, or discharge the Cam*, or any Monies thereon due.

All Credit*

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Preference shall be given to any deemsd equal in Person or Persons advancing any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of this Act, in reipcdt to the Degree. Priority of advancing such bum or Sums; but that all Persons to whom any Mortgages or Alignments

shall be made as aforesaid, shall, in Proportion to the Sums therein mentioned, be Creditors in equal Degree one with another.

Commencement x. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and the several Tolls, Autho-ofr*t‘cs’* an(J Powers, hereby granted and made payable, shall commence upon and have Continuance from ° ' the first SnThhy after the passing of this Act, for and during the Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, ing this* A£>*to" ^f. And lt ^urL^cr enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Costs and Charges of obtaining

bc%rft*pand. l° and passing this Act shall be, as soon as may, paid out of the Money to be raised by virtue thereof.

Persons age.iev-

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall think himself or cd may anrcal to herst*lf aggrieved determined by any Thing done by virtue of this Act, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Qn rter Sei- the Pence at any General Quarter Session of the Peace to be held for the County or Place wherein the "jn* Matter shall arise, within six Calendar Months after the Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen; such

bcervfcnPPCal APPc!lant giving, or causing to be given, ten clear Days Notice at the lead, in Writing, of his or o c given. their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter thereof, to the Treasurer or Clerk to Reco*rvrance the said Commidinners, and within two Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some into*CIUcrtd Justice of the Peace for such County or Place, with two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of the said Quarter Session; and the said Justices at their said Session, upon due Proof of such Notice being given, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine such Appeal in a summary Way, and, if they fee Cause, may, by Older of such Session, mitigate at their Discretion all or any of the said Penalties, or vacate and let aside any Conviction or Convictions of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or otherwise may ratify and confirm the same, and award such Costs as they shall think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Session shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

Proreel insi rmt

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Act, Order* mnt onorn/* Conviction, Judgement, Determination, or other Proceeding, that shall be done, made, or had by virtue nor remove*bfe ^al) be quashed, vacated, or discharged, for want of Form only; nor be removed or re-

, by Certiorari, moveable by Certiorari, or otherwise, into any Court of Record at Westminster.

Writings robe

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Nomination, without Sumps. Information, Appointment, Order, Judgement, Conviction, Warrant, Mortgage, Assignment, Indorsement, Transfer, or other Security for the borrowing of Money, or other Writing whatsoever, relating to the Execution or in pursuance of this Act, shall be charged or charg able with any Stamp Duty whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action at Law shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any thing done by virtue of this Act, till after eight clear Days Nonce thereof in Writing shall be given to the Person or Persons against whom such Action shall be intended to be so brought, thereby setting forth the Cause of such Action, or left at his or their last or usual Place of Abode; and that every Action brought for any thing done as aforesaid, shall be brought within the Space of six Calendar Months next after the Cause thereof shall arise; and shall be laid and tried in the County where the Cause of such Action shall arise; and the Defendant or Defendants therein may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, and that the same was done by virtue thereof; and if on the Trial of such Action, it shall appear that the same was brought before the Expiration of ten clear Days next after such Notice shall have been so given or left as aforesaid, or after the End of six Calendar Months next after the Cause thereof shall arise, or if such Action shall be brought or laid in any other County than as aforesaid, or after sufficient Tender of Amends shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved; then, and in every the Cases aforesaid, the Jury on the Trial of such Action, shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and in all Cases where any Verdict shall be found for any Defendant of Defendants in such Action, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall difeon-tinue the same, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or shall be Nonsuited, or if upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall have Treble Costs, and shall have the like Remedies for recovering the same as Defendants have for recovering their Costs in other Cases by Law.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, ?nd taken to be, a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

PuMicfc Act.

CAP.

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 14. 35

CAP. XIV.

An Act for the more effectual Preservation of Fish in Fish Ponds and other Waters*, and Conics in Warrens j and for preventing the Damage done to Sea Banks, within the County of Lincoln, by the Breeding Conies therein.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the several Laws in being for the Preservation of the Fish in Rivers, Ponds, Pools,

Monts, Stews, and other Waters, are by Experience found to be ineffectual to deter divers loose,

idle, and disorderly Persons, from stealing, taking away, or destroying, the Fish therein bred and pre-

served ;’ May it therefore please Your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in case any Person or Persons from and after the first Day of June^ one thousand seven hun- After irt June, tired and sixty-five, shall enter into any Park or Paddock fenced in and inclosed, or into any Garden,

176;, Perron.

bchard, or Yard, adjoining or belonging to any Dwelling-house, in or through which Park or Paddock, ^0,* " Garden, Orchard, or Yard, any River or Stream of Water shall run or be, or wherein shall be any after the of-River, Stream, Pond, Pool, Moat, Stew, or other Water, and by any Ways, Means, or Device what- fence, of Healing soever, shall steal, take, kill, or destroy, any Fish bred, kept, or preserved, in any such River or Stream, or destroying Pond, Pool, Moat, Stew, or other Water aforesaid, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners thereof; or shall be aiding or assisting in the stealing, taking, killing, or destroying, any such Fish as aiding oraflift-aforesaid; or shall receive or buy any such Fish knowing the same to be so stolen or taken as aforesaid; ing the rein\ or find being thereof indicted within six Calendar Months next after such Offence or Offences shall have been knowingly recommitted, before any Judge or Justices of Gaol Delivery for the County wherein such Park or Paddock, living or boy. Garden, Orchard, or Yard, shall be, and shall on such Indictment be, by Verdict, or his or their own Confession or Confessions, convicted of any such Offence or Offences as aforesaid; the Person or Persons so convicted shall be transported for seven Years. Years.

II. And, for the more cafy and speedy apprehending and convicting of such Person or Persons as shall be guilty of any of the Offences before-mentioned,* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons shall, at any Time after the said first Day of June, commit or be Any Offender guilty of any such Offence or Offences as are herein before-mentioned, and shall surrender himself to any making a Dif-onc of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the County where such Offence or Offences shall *°*-a°/ have been committed; or, being apprehended and taken, or in Custody for such Offence or Offences, or AccompSkes]i§ on any other Account, and shall voluntarily make a full Confession thereof, and a true Discovery, upon imitird to Oath, of the Person or Persons who was or were his Accomplice or Accomplices in any of the said Pardon, Offences, so as such Accomplice or Accomplices may be apprehended and taken, and shall, on the Trial of such Accomplice or Accomplices, give such Evidence of such Offence or Offences, as shall be fufRcient to convict such Accomplice or Accomplices thereof; such Person making such Confession and Discovery, afld giving such Evidence as aforesaid, shall, by virtue of this Act, be pardoned, acquitted, and discharg< d, of and from the Offence or Offences so by him ronfeff’cd as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons shall, Person. convict-after the said first Day of June, take, kill, or destroy, or attempt to take, kill, or destroy, any Fish, in of taking any River or Stream, Pond, Pool, or other Water (not being in any Park or Paddork, or in any Garden, F^ft?n Rive*Cor Orchard, or Yard, adjoining or belonging to any Dwelling-house, but shall be in any other inclosed other vwn. Ground which shall be private Property) every such Person, being lawfully convicted thereof by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of forfeit to the five Pounds, to the Owner or Owners of the Fishery of such River or Stream of Water, or of such Pond, of the Pool, Moat, or other Water: And it shall and may be lawful to and for anyone or more of his Ma- On tv :r plaint of jesty’s Justices of the Peace of the County, Division, Riding, or Place, where such last mentioned Offence tbcOiicnc?, or Offences shall be committed, upon Complaint made to him or them upon Oath, ag.iinft any Person Janice loifiue or Persons, for any such last mentioned Offence or Offences, to issue his or their Warrant or Warrant? w, MUlor to bring the Person or Persons so complained of before him or them; and, if the Person or Persons f > r^-

complained of shall be convicted of any of the said Offences last mentioned, before such Justice or '

Justices, or any other of his Majesty's Justices of the same County, Division, Riding, or Place aforesaid, md the Prrulfy by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnc ffes, which Oath such Justice or Justices 10 bc paid down are hereby authorised to administer, or by his or their own Confession; then, and in such Case, the Party so convicted shall, immediately after such Conviction, pay the said Penalty of five Pounds, hereby bclore We tke impofrd for the Offence or Offences aforesaid, to such Justice or Justices befere whom he shall bo so ot.mdrrio bt convicted, for the Use of such Person or Persons as the same is hereby appointed to be for feted and paiJ cwm-t h to and, in Default thereof, shall be committed by such Justice or Justices to the House of Coriccliou, f, c Ih ,{r

unto

Corrf;li'>n f fi 1 r.rWn j

for any Time not exceeding six Months, unless the Money forfeited shall be sooner paid.

IV. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Owner or Owners of the or in, u Fishery of such River or Stream of Water, or of such Pond, Pool, or other Water, \. herein any such m%y be brought Offence or Offences last mentioned shall be committed as aforesaid, to sue and prosecute for, and recover for the prr.cry the Lid Sum of five Pounds, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's ,a *nT of f^r Courts of Record at Westminster; and in such Action or Suit, no Efluin, Wager of Law, or more th-m ^?rj£fat U

36 c« *5*

Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

within fix M» mh* after the Offence. None liable to forfeit for taking Fjfii in any R Iver, Sec. wherein they have a Right,

Per font convicted of entering Warrens, in the Night-time, and taking or killing Conics there, or aiding or aflilt* sng therein, may be punished bf Transportation, or by Whipping, Fine, or Imprisonment.

Persons convicted on this Act, not liable to be convicted under any former Act.

This Act not to extend to the destroying Conies in the Day-time, on the Sea and River Banks in t‘ r County of Lincoln, See.

No Satisfaction to be made for Damages occasioned by Entry, nnleft they exceed 1 s.

one Imparlance, shall be allowed; provided that such Action or Suit be brought, or commenced, withi* six Calendar Months next after such Offence or Offences shall have been committed.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to subject or make liable any Person or Persons to the Penalties of this Act, who shall fish, take, or kill, and carry away, any Fish, in any River or Stream of Water, Pond, Pool, or other Water, wherein such Person or Persons shall have a just Right or Claim to take, kill, or carry away, any such Fish.

VI. And whereas there are many thousand Acres of Land in this Kingdom altogether unfit for Cul- tivation, and yet the same are capaole of rendering great Profit, by the breeding and maintaining Conies,

as well to the Owners of such Lands, as to a Multitude of industrious Manufacturers, who gain their Livelihood by working up Coney Wool: And whereas a great Part of the said Land is already used as Warrens, in the breeding and maintaining Conies, but, because divers disorderly Persons, neglecting their own lawful Trades, have betaken themselves to the taking, killing, and stealing of Conies, in the Night-time, whereby the Owners and Occupiers of such Warrens are greatly discouraged, and many such Owners and Occupiers have been induced to destroy such Warrens, and others have been deterred from flocking other Lands, to the great Prejudice of the Manufactures of this Kingdom: And whereas the Provisions already subsisting have, by Experience, been found inefficient for the effectual Prefer- vation of Conies in Warrens:’ For Remedy thereof, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, wilfully and wrongfully, in the Night-time, enter into any Warren or Grounds lawfully used or kept for the breeding or keeping of Conies, although the same be not inclcfeJ, and shall then and there wilfully and wrongfully take or kill, in the Night-time, any Coney or Conies, against the Will of the Owner or Occupier thereof, or shall be aiding and a (lifting the rein, and shall be convicted of the same before any of his Majesty's Justices of Oyer and Terminer, or General Gaol Delivery, for the County where such Offence or Offences shall be committed; every such Person and Persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted in Manner aforesaid, shall and may be transported for the Space of seven Years, or suffer such other lesser Punishment by Whipping, Fine, or Imprisonment, as the Court, before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried, shall, in their Discretion, award and direct.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person who shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall be liable to be convicted for any such Offence under any former Act or Acts, Law or Laws, now in Force.

VIII. And whereas great Mischief and Damage has been, and still may be, occasioned by the Increase of Conies upon the Sea and River Banks in the County of Lincoln, or upon the Land or Ground within 4 a certain Distance from the Laid Banks For Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, ‘or be construed to extend, to prevent any Person or Persons from killing and destroying, or from taking and carrying away, in the Day-time, any Conies that shall be found on any Sea or River Binks, erected or to be erected for the Preservation of the adjoining Lands from being overflowed by the Sea or River Waters, so far as the Flux and Reflux of the Fide does or shall extend, or upon any Land or Ground within one Furlong Distance of such Sea or River Banks, so far as the Flux and Reflux of the Tide does or shall extend, or upon any Land or Ground within one Furlong Distance of such Sea or River Banks; but that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to enter upon any such Banks, Land, or Ground, as aforesaid, within the said County of Lincoln, and to kill, destroy, take, and carry away, in the Day-time, to his or their own Use, any Conies so found upon any such Banks, Land, or Ground, as aforesaid, within the said County, he or they doing as little Damage as may be to the Owner or Tenant of such Banks, Land, or Ground $ any thing in this or any other Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. Provided also, That no Person or Persons shall be obliged to make Satisfaction for any Damages that may be occasioned by such Entry, unless such Damages shall exceed the Sum of one Shilling.

CAP. XV.

An Act for enlarging the Times limited for executing and performing several Provisions, Powers, and Directions, in certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

[Preamble.]

\WHEREAS by certain Acts of this present Session of Parliament, several Provisions, Powers, and Authorities, therein contained, have been or may be required, directed, or authorised, to be executed on or before the Day of the passing of such Acts respectively, whereby several Doubts and Difficulties may arise with respect to the Execution of the said Acts, and the good Purposes thereby intended may be defeated be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament Where It shall assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in case any Act of Parliament hath passed, or doth happen, that any or shall pass, at any Time whatsoever during this present Session of Parliament, whereby any Provision, Provisions or Power, or Authority, or any Matter or Thing, hath been, is, or shall be, directed, required, or autho-A°ftC?h* Sef- r*zcc^ to executed, done, or performed, on or before any Day which hath been, is, or shall he, the (ion °shall be di-PaV of the passing, or which hath, is, or shall have elapsed before the passing of any such Ad respectrested tobeexe-tively; in each and every such Case, all such Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Matters, and Things, as uiedonorbc- have been, are, or shall be, directed or required to be executed, done, or performed, on or before the

Days

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 16. 37

Days respectively limited in every such Act, shall be, and are hereby directed and required to be, exe- fore the Day oa cuted, done, and performed, on or before the Day Fortnight next after the End of this present Session WACMucbf of Parliament, by the Persons respectively who, in every such Act respectively, have been, are, or shall £ be, directed or required to execute, do, or perform the same, on or before the Days therein limited: And havreiapfed be-all such Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Matters, and Things, as have been, are, or shall be, authorised f. re rhr pa.; n% to be executed, done, or performed, on or before the respective Days limited in every such Act respectj CjcU tively, may be, and are hereby authorised to be, executed, done, and performed, on or before the Day PrOT,fion* and Fortnight next after the End of this present Session of Parliament, by the Persons respectively who have exeTuted^nor been, arc, or shall be, authorised to execute, do, or perform the same: And all such Provisions, Powers, before the Da* Authorities, Matters, and Things, so executed, done, and performed, on or before the Day Fortnight Fortnight neat next after the End of this present Session of Parliament, shall be as valid and effectual, and be deemed and after the End of taken, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been executed, done, and performed, on or before thwScfflon* the Days limited in every such Act respectively j any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for altering the Times of Payment of certain Annuities, established by Two Acts made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

w

WHEREAS several Annuities after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum* for certain Terms of Preamble, re-Years, and, after the Expiration thereof, at three Pounds per Centum* redeemable by Parliament, citing Claofcfr were established by an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George »£* 33-the Second, inritu!cd, An Act for granting to bit Majesty several Duties upon Malt; and for r a fin g the co*a*c* 7* Sum of e 'rj't Millions* ly 1vay of Annuities and a Lottery* to be charged on the said Duties; and to prevent the fraudulent obtaining of Allowances in the gauging of Corn making into Malt; and for making forth Du-pile ites of Exchequer Bills* Tickets* Certificates* ^Receipts* Annuity Orders* and other Orders, left* burnt* or dietttife dfiro, ed\ and several other Annuities after the like Rate of Four Pounds per Centum* for a certain Term of Years, and, after the Expiration thereof, in like Manner, at three Pounds per Centum* were estabbfhtd by an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An and Act Ail for raising by Annuities* in A1 inner therein mentioned* the Sum of twelve Millions* to be charged on the Geo. 3* c*lc* Sinking Fund and for applying the Surplus of certain Duties on Spirituous Liquors* and also the Monies a^ijing from the Duties on Spirituous Liquors* granted by an Am of this Session of Parliament: all which said Annuities were, by the said Acts made payable Half*yearly on the fifth Day of July* and the fifth Day of January, in every Year and were, by the said last mentioned Act, consolidated, and made one Joint Stock of Annuities for the Principal Sum of twenty millions two hundred and forty thousand rounds: And whereas it is expedient that the Times appointed by the said Acts, for the Payment of the said Annuities, should, with the Consent of the Proprietors thereof, be altered May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s mull Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Payment of the said Times of Pir. Annuities for the Half Year which shall become due on the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hun- went of the An-dred and sixty-five, the subsequent Payments thereof shall, with the Consent of the Proprietors, be made kv'lu* in Manner following; that is to say, one Quarterly Payment of such Annuities shall be made on the tenth Day of OSto er* one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and from and after the said tenth Day clunf-rd, vir. of October* such Annuities shall be paid and payable Half-yearly, on the fifth Day of April* and the After l'jyi-.-nt tenth Dav of October* in every Year, until Redemption thereof by Parliament, in the Manner authorised or Halt Year by the said Acts. V'i r

7 176 -, i he fotla-

quest Paymenti, with Consent of the Proprietor!, tie to be ande, one Quarter on 10 October, 1765, and from thence forwards Half yearly, on 5 Apnl and BO October yearly.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Proprietors of the said Annuities Poprirtors not. who shall not, on or before the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, signify their ea rring thrir Difient to the said Alteration of the Times for the Payment of the said Annuities, in Books to be opened

at the Bank of England for that Purpose, shall be deemed and taken to act'ent thereto; any thing to the uecmed'io nroju contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided nevertheless, That all the Provisions, Powers, and Directions, in the said Acts, relative AH oth?rprori. to the Payment of the said Annuities at the Times therein mentioned, shall take effect, operate, and be l",on,» r*,|al"re 10 executed, with respect to the Payment of the said Annuities, on the Days hereby appointed, as fully and fjiJ An'nu^ t fare Ur ally as if the same were herein rcpcateJ, rc-enacted> and applied to the Payments to be made by tiV*,

the Authority of this Act. Force.

CAP.

38 C. 17; Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

CAP. XVII.

An Act to confirm all Leases already made by Archbishops and Bishops, and other Eccle* fiaflical Persons, of Tythes and other Incorporeal Hereditaments, for one, two, or three Life or Lives, or twenty-one Years; and to enable them to grant such Leases and to bring Actions of Debt for Recovery of Rents reserved and in Arrear on Leases for Life or Lives.

[Preamble.]

4 \ IT WHEREAS it may be doubtful whether, by the Laws now in being, Archbishops or Bishops,

Masters and Fellows, or any other Head and Members of Colleges or Halls, Deans and Chap- ters, Precentor?, Prebendaries, Masters and Guardians of Hospitals, or any other Person or Persons having any Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Promotions, heretofore had, or now have, any Power to make or grant any Lease or Leases of Tythes, or other Incorporeal Hereditaments only, which lie in Grant and not in Livery, for one, two, or three Lives, or for any Term or Terms of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years, although the ancient Rent or yearly Sum is thereby mentioned to be reserved, and all other Reguifites prescribed by the Acts of Parliament now in being to that End, or any of them, were or are justiy and truly observed and performed, by reason that there is generally no Place wherein

a Distress can be had or taken for such Rent or yearly Sum; and it may be also doubtful whether, in Cases of such Leases for Life or Lives, there is any Remedy in Law for such Ecclesiastical or other Persons by Action of Debt or otherwise, for recovering the Rent or yearly Sum due and in Arrear which

is mentioned to be reserved on such Leases for Life or Lives: Therefore, for obviating all Doubts touching the same, and enabling the said Archbishops and Bishops, Masters and Fellows, or other Heads and Members of Colleges or Mails, Deans and Chapters, Precentors, Prebendaries, Masters and Guar- dians of Hospitals, and other Ecclesiastical Persons, to make valid Leases of such their Incorporeal Hereditaments, and to recover the Rents or yearly Sum mentioned to be reserved on any Leases by them

already granted, or to be granted, for one, two, or three Lives, as aforesaid; and also to make good

and effectual all such Leases as have already been granted by them, or any of them :* May it please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-

Leases already liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Leases for one, two, or three Life or

dc»orti'at Lives, or any Term not exceeding twenty-one Years, already made and granted, or which shall at any

Ecclesiastical* 7 Time from and after the passing this Act be made or granted, of any Tythes, Tolls, or other Incorporeal

Persons, of Hereditaments, solely, and without any Lands or Corporeal Hereditaments, by any Archbishop or Bishop,

Tythes and Master and Fellows, or other Head and Members of Colleges or Halls, Deans and Chapters, Precentors,

other incorpo- Prebendaries, Masters and Guardians of Hospitals, and every other Person and Persons who are enabled

real Heredna- by the several Statutes now in being, or any of them, to make any Lease or Leases for one, two, or three

o^Lives^or Life or Lives, or any Term or Number of Years not exceeding twenty-one Years, of any Lands, Tene-

Years, declared ments, or other Corporeal Hereditaments, shall be, and are hereby deemed and declared to be, as good

to fee good in and effectual in Law against such Archbishop, Bishop, Masters and Fellows, or other Heads and Mem-

bers of Colleges or Halls, Deans and Chapters, Precentors, Prebendaries, Masters and Guardians of

Hospitals, and other Persons so granting the same, and their Successors, and every of them, to all Intents

and Purposes, as any Lease or Leases already made or to be made by any such Archbishop or Bishop,

Master and Fellows, or other Heads and Members of Colleges or Halls, Deans and Chapters, Precentors,

Prebendaries, Masters and Guardians of Hospitals, and other Persons having Spiritual Promotion, of any

? virtue oVa^ Lands or other Corporeal Hereditaments now arc, by virtue of the Statute of the thirty-second Year of

32Hcn.V^c. 28. R‘ng Henry the Eighth, or any other Statute now in being; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary

thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Masters and Fel- jj provjjccj always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to enable

sd0jj-abj, edC£Cf’any Master and Fellows, or other Head and Members of Colleges or Halls, Deans and Chapters, Pre-

frorn granting centors, Prebendaries, Masters and Guardians of Hospitals, or other Ecclesiastical Persons as aforesaid, to

Leases for any grant Leases for any longer or other Terms than, by the local Statutes of their several Foundations,

longer Term thCy are now respectively enabled to do. than their Sta- J

Actions may be

III. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Rent or brought for Re- Rents, or yearly Sum or Sums, reserved or made payable in or by any Lease or Leases already made or covery of Rents to be made by any Archbishop or Bishop, Master and Fellows, or other Head and Members of Colleges £crve(i ^nde;n or Halls, Deans and Chapters, Precentors, Prebendaries, Masters and Guardians of Hospitals, and every ibr^ii'corLives! ot^er Person and Persons so enabled to make Leases as aforesaid, for one, two, or three Life or Lives, or 'Years, in pursuance of the several Acts of Parliament already in being, or by this present Act, or any Part thereof, shall be behind or unpaid by the Space of twenty-eight Days next over or after any of the Days whereon the same, by such Lease or Leases, now are or hereafter -shall or may be reserved and made payablfc; then, and so often, and, from time to time, as it shall so happen, it shall and may be lawful for such Archbishop or Bishops, Master and Fellows, or other Head and Members of Colleges or Halls, Deans and Chapters, Prebendaries, Precentors, Masters and Guardians of Hospitals, and other Persons so making or granting, or having made or granted, such Leases as aforesaid, or their Executors, Administrators, and Successors respectively, to bring an Action or Actions of Debt against the LefTce or LelTces to whom any such Lease or Leases for Life or Lives, or Years, now are or hereafter shall be 5 made

39

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 18,19, 2°;

made and granted, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for recovering the Kent or Rents which Hull be then due and in Arrear to any such Archbishop or BiQiops, Matters and Fellows, or other Heids and Members of Colleges or Halls, Deans, Chapters, Precentor?, Prebendaries, Master and Guardians of Hospitals, and other Person or Persons before-mentioned, his or their Executor?, Administrators, or Successors, in such and the same Manner, and as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as any Landlord or Lcilor, or other Person or Persons, could or might do for recovering of Arrears of Rent due on any Lease or Leases for Life or Lives, or Years, by the Laws no\v in being; any Law, Stature, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority afoiefnd, That this Act shall be Publick Act# deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, in all Courts of Law and Equity, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for continuing an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for encouraging the Growth and Cultivation of Madder in that Part of Great Britain called England^ by ascertaining the Tythe thereof.

WHEREAS an Act made in the thirty-first Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, 31 Cco.i. c. i».

intituled, An Act to encourage the Growth and Cultivation of Madder in that Jpart of Great Britain called England, by ascertaining the Tythe thereof, was to continue in Force from the first Day of AuguJ}, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, for the Space of fourteen Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas the Cultivation of Madder, from the Setting to its being fit for Use, requires f«> Jong a Time, and the Buildings, Mills, and other Requisites necessary to be provided and maintained for manufacturine it, are so expensive, that many People may be unwilling to begin the Culture of it during the lubhfling Term of the said Act: And whereas the Price of Foreign Madder is oflate greatly raised, and the same does not come into the Consumers Hands so good as it may be manufactured here:’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be, and the same k hereby declared to be, further continued from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of fourteen Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

The recited Act continued for the further Term of 14 Years.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five.

EXP.

CAP. XX.

An Act for explaining and rendering more effectual two Acts, one made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Per*

Jon or Pe, jons as shall dif over the Lorgitude at Sea, and the other in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual an Act made in tie tzvelph Year of the Reign of her late Mfejiy Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making Experiments of Proposals made for dif covering the Longitude; and to enlarge the Number of Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Act.

€ 1 T 7HF.R EAS by two several Acts made, the one in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Preamble, recit-

Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for fuJ) Person or Persons as

fill discover the Longitude at Sea; and the other in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Ma- *cl 11 Alnn*

jc tty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual an Act made in the twelfth Year jg Geo. c. *5. 4 cfl the Reign of her lute Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publhk Reward for such See »nt. c. 11.

Person or rcrions as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making Experiments of Propo- fall made for di/covering the Longitude; and to enlarge the Lumber of Commifiner s for putting in Execution the fluid AH; the Commissioners named in, and constitured by the said Acts, were Empowered to receive Proposals for discovering the said Longitude, and make Experiments of the same: And whereas hv the said Act of the twelfth of Queen Anne, it was enacted, That the fiilt Author or Authors, Discoverer or Discoverci.% of a proper Method for finding the said Longitude within certain Distances, should be intitled to, and receive certain Rewards therein mentioned; that is to say, A Reward or Sum ot ten thousand Pounds, if it determines the said Longitude to one Degree of a Great Circle, or sixty Geo-

graphical Miles $ fifteen thousand Pounds, if it determines the same to Two Thiidsof that Dittance;

and

40

*C. 20. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

and twenty thousand Pounds, if it determines the same to one Half the same Distance: And wherea*

in and by the said Act it was further enabled, That if, upon Trial, any Proposal for discovering the € said Longitude should not prove to be of so gn at Use a? before-mentioned, yet if the same, in the Judgement of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, should be found of considerable Use to the Publick, then the said Author or Authors of such Proposal should receive such less Reward as the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, should think reasonable: And whereas the said Com-,4 missioners have, from time to time, in pursuance of the Powers vested in them by the said Act, received Proposals from Mr. John Harrison for discovering the said Longitude, determined by Means of certain Machines or Time Keepers invented by him, and have directed several Sums of Money to be paid to the said John Harrlfon, to enable him to finish his said Machines or Time Keepers, or some of them, upon Condition of his delivering the same up to and for the Use of the Publick: And whereas the said John Harrison did, by Direction of the said Commissioners, enter into Articles with the Commissioners of the Navy, whereby he agreed, in Consideration of the Sums so advanced to him, to deliver up the three several Machines or Time Keepers in the said Articles mentioned: And whereas, upon Trial of one other Watch Machine or Time Keeper in a Voyage to Jamaica, the major Part of the said Commissioners did adjudge the same to be of considerable Use to the Publick, and did accordingly order the Payment of the Sum of two thou land five hundred Pound to the said John Harrison, which Sum was to be deemed and taken as Part of such of the Rewards, in and by the Lid Act allowed for discovering the said Longitude, as he might become intitled to, and as such has been by him received; and the said Watch or Time Keeper was to become the Property of the Publick: And whereas upon a further Trial of the said last mentioned Watch or Time Keeper, a Ship has filled, by the Appoimment of the Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude, from Portsmouth in Great Britain, to Bridgettnvn in the Island of Bar badoes in the Hrjl Indies: And whereas, by Means of the said Watch or Time Keeper invented by Mr. John Harrison, the said Ship did not lose its Longitude beyond ten Geographical Miles:

And whereas the Method for finding the Longitude at Sea, within half a Degree of a Great Circle, or thirty Geographical Miles, by Means of the said Watch or Time Keeper invented by the said Jfohn Harrison, may be made^generally practicable, and of general Utility, if the Principles upon which the said Watch or Time Keeper is conflru&ed are fully discovered and explained, and other Watches or Time Keepers of the same Kind can be made: But Doubts may arise whether, by the Words of the said Act of the twelfth of Queen Anne, the said Commissioners can direct the Payment of the said Rc- ward of twenty thousand Pounds to the said John Harrison, upon a Discovery of the Principles of the said Watch or Time Keeper, and upon other Watches or Time Keepers of the same Kind being made:

And whereas great Progress has been made towards discovering the Longitude at Sea by a Set of Lunar Tables constructed by Tchiat Mayer dccensed, late Professor at Goctingcn in Germany, upon the Principles of Gravitation laid dowtv by Sir Isaac Newton; in the Construction of which Tables he was consider- tfably assisted from Theorems furnished by Professor Euler of the University of Berlin: And whereas the said Tables are of considerable Use to the Publick, and may be further improved, and made of more general Utility: And whereas the Widow, or other Representatives of the said Professor Mayer, are,

within the Intention of the said Act, deserving of a publick Reward, upon her or their aligning; the Property of the said Tables to the said Commissioners for the Use of the Publick; and the said Professor Euler is also deserving of an honorary and pecuniary Acknowledgment for his useful and ingenious Labours towards the Discovery of the Longitude: And whereas it is necessary that the Powers of the said Act of the twelfth Year of Queen Anne, and also of the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, should be explained and made effectual, as well for receiving the Discovery and Ex-

planation of the Principles upon which the said Watch or Time Keeper is conllrudled, and for making

Trial of other Watches or "rime Keepers to be made in Consequence thereof, and for paying the said I

Reward to the said John Harrison, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, as for giving proper Re- wards to the said Professor Euler, and to the Widow or Representatives of the said Professor Mayer%

and to such Person or Persons as shall improve the said Tables of the Moon, and make the same of more general Utility; and also to such Person or Persons as shall make other Discoveries or Improve- ments useful to Navigation May it therefore please your Majesty/*. that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament asserrtbled, and by the Authority of 10,000l. to be the same, That one Moiety of the grentest Reward which is directed in and by the said Act, made in the paid, as a present twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, to be paid to the first Author or Authors, Discoverer or Dif-^ohn^H^mfor^' coverers» a proper Method for finding the said Longitude at Sea, shall be paid to the Lid John HcrriJcn% pursuant To the his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, when and fn soon as the Principles upon which his said Warch or Art ©fj* Ann. Time Keeper is conllrudted are fully discovered, and explained to the Satisfaction of the said Commission-upon his difeo- ers for the Discovery of the Longitude, or the major Part of them; and when and so fi>on as the fa;J vciingthf pnn- John Hirrifon hath aligned to the said Commissioners, fnr th? Use of the Publick, the Property of the KwT/an Jar three (cveral Time Keepers which, in and determined by the said Articles he agreed to deliver up, and also the Pro- signing the Pro" Perty of the said Inll mentioned Watch or Time Keeper, deducting from and out of the said Moiety, so ! perry of three of to be paid to the said John Harrison, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, the Sum of two thousard those Instru- five hundred Pounds already advanced and paid to him; and that the other Moiety of tie fail greeted rnrnt«, and the Rcvvarc] mentioned in the said Act shall, when and so soon as other Time Keepers of the same Kind shall WatclfnforThe mat^e» a°d upon Trial, be found to be of a sufficient Correct ness to determine the said Longitude

Use of the Pub- within half a Degree of a Great Circle, or thirty Geographical Miles, to the Satisfaction of the said Com-

3 missioners.

A.D. 176$. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 20. 41

missioners. or the major Part of them, be paid to the said John his Executors, Administrators,; deducing

Or Aifi $ns. icitiy a.Jv.irccd

him and other 10,0201, to be paid when the other Time Keeper* are made, and proved to be of fof&cient CorrcdneU.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Matter *fohn Harrison Discovery of the shall not be intided, by virtue of any thing contained in this Act, to the said Reward, or any Part thereof, ^lincch'* ^"me unless the Discovery and Explanation of the Principles upon which his said Time Keeper is constructed, K^cper ;#%on. shall be made within six Months after the passing of this Act. tinned, to be

made within six Months.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Leward or Sum of Money, not ex- s®?1*1,®heP*w ceeding three hundred Pounds in the Whole, shall be paid to the said ProfelTor Euler. huUr-d

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Reward or Sum of Money, not ex- and 3,cool, to ceeding three thousand Pounds in the Whole, shall be paid to the Widow or other Representatives of the Widow of the said Professor Mayery upon her or their assigning the Property of the Set of the latett Manuscript Fwfcficr Mayei> Lunar Tables, constructed by the said Tobias Mayer, to the said Commissioners, to and for the Use of the Publick. heUt MS.

« Lunar Tablu constructed by him.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Reward or Rewards, Sum or s.ooool proofed Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of five thousand Pounds, shall and may be 5° *D* who n,a!! paid to such Person or Persons as shall improve the said Tables of the Moon; or that shall make any Dif- ^1-^0?shall covery or Discoveries, Improvement or Improvements, useful to Navigation; which said Reward or make any Disco-Rewards, Sum or Sums of Money, shall and may be paid to such Person or Persons, and in such Pro- very or Improve* ' portion or Proportions, as the said Commissioners shall, from time to time, think proper and direct. useful to

Navigation*

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, ciaafes, *c. in Matters, and Things, contained in any or either of the said two Acts made in the twelfth Year of the'heAfisof Reign of Queen Anne, and in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, not altered

by this Act, shall continue in full Force, and extend, and be construed to extend, to this Act, as fully Ji, UCd?nVorce" and amply as if again repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act; and that all and every the were not altered Reward or Rewards, Sum or Sums of Money, by this Act granted and allowed, shall, from time to time, by this Act. be certified under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude, to Rewards by this the Commissioners of the Navy for the time being; and the Commissioners of the Navy for the time being shall make out a Bill or Bills for the Sum or Sums contained in the said Certificate or Certificates, payable iheCCcmmission. by the Treasurer of the Navy; and such Sum or Sums of Money the said Treasurer of the Navy is hereby ers for the Lon-required to pay immediately, to the Person or Persons mentioned in the said Certificate or Certificates, gitude to the out of any Money that shall be in his Hands unapplied for the Use of the Navy, in such and the same Commissioner* Manner, and according to the same Rules and Directions as are prescribed in and by the said two recited ^'hoarc to make Acts, or either of them, with regard to any Reward or Rewards, Sum or Sums of Money, allowed to be out nils for the given and paid in and by the said Acts, or either of them. f*mr. payable

by the Treasurer of the Navy, oot of the unapplied Money in his Hands.

VII. Provided always, That all and every such Reward or Sum of Money that shall exceed the Sum Where any Re-

of one thousand Pounds, shall be certified under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or the ward major Part of them; but in case such Reward or Sum of Money shall not exceed the Sum of onfc thou- b

(and Pounds, then, and in that Case, it shall and may be certified under the Hands and Seals of the said the MaiAi yof Commissioners, or any five or more of them* the Cotnmilfi-

oatn j and not exceeding that Sum, may he certified by five.

Vni. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Commissioner* the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby for the Lons»-authorised and impowered for their better Satisfaction, if they shall see Occasion, to administer an Oath Jolid^nifler"1* or Oaths to such Person or Persons, as they shall think proper, for the Purposes of carrying this Act Oa*hs'for the into Execution; which Oath or Oaths it shall and may be lawful to and for any two or more of the said Purports of this Commissioners to administer accordingly. Aa.

IX. And whereas since the passing of the said Act of the twelfth of Queen Anne, another Professorship

for fhc Purpose of Astronomy has Jbecn eft ab! idled in the University of Cambridge be it therefore enacted, That the Lowndes's Professor of Astronomy in the University of Cambridge For the time being shall Lowndes’* Probe, and he is hereby added to, and joined with the Commissioners appointed by the said Act of the twelfth fdfor *nro* of Queen Anne, and by another Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second; and the said rrofeflor of Attronomy is hereby appointed a Commissioner, and shall and may aft, to all Intents and joint Purposes, for putting in Execution the said Acts and this present Act, as fully and ettcftually as if he had fioner for the been appointed a Commissioner by the said Acts of the twelfth of Queen Anne, and of the twenty-sixth of l^ng'lud«.

King George the Second, or either of them.

4 X. And whereas the Publication of Nautical Almanacks constructed by proper Persons, under the € Direction of the said Commissioners, would greatly contribute to make me said Lunar Tables more

generally ufoful ;* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to The Con ft me-

VOL.A. G and liwn I>uWi-

42 C. 21, 22. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

cation of Nauti- and for the said Commissioners to cause such Nautical Almanacks, or other useful Tables, to be con-cal Almanacks, strufted, and to print, publifti, and vend, or cause to be printed, published, and vended, any Nautical recommended to Almanack or Almanacks, or other useful Table or Tables, which they, or the major Part of them, shall, the Commission- from time to time, judge necessary and useful, in order to facilitate the Method of discovering the Loners for the Lon- gitude at Sea; any Law, Statute, exclusive Privilege, private Charter, or other Custom, to the contrary fetrude. thereof notwithstanding.

None to print,

XL. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall print, publish, publish, or vend or vend, or cause to be printed, published, or vended, any Nautical Almanack or Almanacks, or other the fjrr.e, but Table or Tables constructed under the Direction of the said Commissioners, without being first licensed [uch?sfliali bc by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them; and if any Person or Persons not to licensed, or ' not being authorised by the Perfoiwor Persons so licensed by the said Commissioners, shall print, publifti* or vend, or cause to be printed, published, or vended, any such Nautical Almanack or Almanacks, or other Table or Tables, every such Person or Persons shall, for every Copy of such Nautical Almanack or rn^er Penalty of Table so printed, published, or vended, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds; to be recovered by rob for every Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster;

and that one Moiety of such Penalty and Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall prosecute, inform, or sue for the same.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be rcifed in Great Britain, for the Sendee of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, together with those named in two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax; and for indemnifying Persons who have acted as Commissioners of the Land Tax, by virtue of Estates of or above a certain Value, though the same was not rated or afiefled at the Value of one hundred Pounds per Annum; and for limiting a Time within which Suits and Prosecutions shall be commenced, with respect to the Qualifications of Persons who shall act as Commissioners of the Land Tax.

EXP.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for the further Encouragement of the British White Herring Fishery;

Preamble, re* c WHEREAS by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of

citing Claufts in his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the British Att Geo. *. White Herring Fishery, his said late Majesty did, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain,

incorporate sundry Persons by the Name of The Society of the Free British Fishery, for the Purpose of

carrying on and improving the British White Herring Fisheries: And by the said Act the said Society were impowered, by a voluntary Subscription, to raise the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds* to be their Capital Stock; and as an Encouragement to such Persons as should become Subscribers thereto,

the Sum of three Pounds by the Year, for each hundred Pounds which should be actually employed in the said Fisheries, and proportionably for any greater or letter Sum, was directed to be paid to the Pro- prietors of the said Stock, for and during the Space of Fourteen Years from the Date of the said Charter,

by the Receiver General of his Majesty's Customs, by equal Half-yearly Payments; provided the said Society should employ the Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds at least in the said Fisheries, within the Space of eighteen Months from the Date of such Subscription: And as a further Encouragement to Persons to engage in the said White Herring Fisheries, a Bounty of thirty Shillings per Ton is, by the said Act, given and made payable in Manner therein mentioned, to the Owner or Owners of all decked f 4 Vessels from twenty to eighty Tons Burthen, which should be built, after the Commencement of the said Act, for the Use of the said Fisheries, whether by the said Society or any other Person or Persons,

in Manner, and under the Regulations, and upon such Conditions, as in the said Act are mentioned;

which Bounty was to be paid yearly, during the Space of fourteen Years from the Commencement of *ii*& Geo. a. 4 the said Act, and no longer: And whereas by another Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of the* c. j4. Reign of his said late Majesty, the said Allowance of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and also the

1 4 said Bounty of thirty Shillings per Ton, granted by the said Acts, for the respective Terms therein mentioned, were continued for the further Term of three Years, to be computed immediately from and after the Expiration of the said respective Terms for which the same were granted as aforesaid:

Act 3° 4 And whereas by another Act, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, intituled,

2. c. 30. t jin yfft jor ^Hewing a further Bounty on all Vesstis employed in ths White Herring Fishery, for giving Liberty

to alter the present Form and Size of the Nets used in the said Fishery, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, it is enacted, That the said Bounty of thirty Shillings per Ton, by the said two several Acts granted and continued for the respective Terms of Years therein respectively mentioned, should cease,

determine, and be it an End; and that, in lieu thereof, a Bounty of fifty Shillings per Ton, on all Vessels employed in the said Fisheries, should be paid and payable for such Term and Terms of Years,

to the said Society, and such other Persons as would have been intitled to the said Bounty of thirty

Shillings per Ton, by virtue of or under the said several Acts herein before recited, in case the said Act 1 4 Lad not been made; and that such Bounty of fifty Shillings per Ton should be paid and payable at such

Times, and in such Manner, and by such Person and Persons, and out of such Monies, as the said Bounrv

7 ‘ ci

43

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 23, 24*

The Allowance of 31. per Cent*

per Annum, on the Capital cm* ployed by the Society, and the Hounty of 50 s, per Ten on the Vessels employed in the Fisheries, granted by the recited ActU, continued for the further Term of four Yean,

of thirty Shillings per Ton is by the said two several Acts, or either of them, directed to be paid: And whereas the Terms, for which the said Allowance and Bounty were respectively granted, will expire the twenty-second Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and the Term of the said c Charter will not expire until the twenty-second Day of October9 one thousand seven hundred and seventy one: And whereas it is necessary, for the further Encouragement of the British White Herring Fifticries,

1 that the said Allowances and Bounty should be continued May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Allowance of three Pounds per Centum per Annum granted by the said several Acts, and also the Bounty of fifty Shillings per Ton granted by the said Ail of the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for the respective Terms therein mentioned, shall be continued for the further Term of four Years, to be computed from and immediately after the Expiration of the said respective Terms for which the same were respectively granted as aforesaid; and shall be paid and payable, for the said further Term of four Years, to the said Society, and to such other Person or Persons as are or may be respectively intitled to the said Allowance, by virtue of or under the said several Acts, in such Manner, and by such Person and Persons, and out of such Monies, as the same are now payable, by virtue of, or under the said several Acts, or any of them.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for granting Annuities, to be attended with a Lottery, to futisfy and drfeharge certain Navy,

Victualling, and Transport Bills; and for charging the Payment of such Annuities on the Sinking Fund.

EXP.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to oblige Agents for Prize Money to account for such Sums of Money as remain in their Hands unclaimed, the Property of any of his Majesty's Land Forces; and for the Application thereof.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS several Sums of Prize Money, the Property of his Majesty's Land Forces, remain unclaimed in the Hands of the several Agents, and no Provision is made for the Distribution of the same May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Colonels, Commissionert for the time being, of the Regiments which were employed in any Service during the late War, where for exar"ln, ns the Captures became the Property of his Majesty's Land Forces; the Adjutant General of his Majesty's ^ccounts of Forces for the time being, the Right Honourable the Lord Viscount Barrington in the Kingdom of Ireland, prirc Money the Honourable Colonel William Howe, Peter Burr el Esquire, Colonel John Burgoyne9 and Colonel Isaac due to his Ma-Barri9 shall be, and they are hereby declared to be, Commissioners for the examining, Hating, and set- 3eftP# tling, all Accounts of such Prize Money due to any of his Majesty's Land Forces, and so remaining un- Force#' claimed in the Hands of any Agent or Agents.

II. And, for the better enabling the said Commissioners to examine, state, and settle, such Accounts, PoAer iJvcn be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, to summon before them, senU' at such Time ai»d Place as in and by the said Writing shall be expressed, any Agent or Agents, or other :o produce their Person concerned in the Receipt of such Prize Money as aforesaid; and to order such respective Agents Book*, Ac-

to produce, upon Oath, all Books, Accounts, and Vouchers, necessary for the Information of the said counl*>an* Commissioners in the Premisses: And if any Agent, or other Person, shall refuse to comply with such

Summons, or to produce such respective Books, Accounts, or Vouchers, as aforesaid, and to give the arvJ to’^vc jn. Commissioners such Information, upon Oath, as he is able, in the Premisses; every such Agent or such formation in tht Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds; to be recovered Premiirr* and applied in Manner herein after mentioned. thfyare

to obrr, on Penalty of 500].

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when the said Accounts of unclaimed urcn failing Prize Money shall be adjusted and Icttled, the said Agents, in whose Hands the same shall appear to be, the Accents shall immediately pay over the said unclaimed Prize Money into the Hands of the said Commissioners, or ll*c Agri.ttare such other Person or Persons as they, or any three or more of them, shall order and direct; who shall Vjthe* immediately, or as soon thereafter as conveniently may be, pay such Part of the Prize Money, so remain-

ing unclaimed in each Company, to the respective Persons who were Captains of the several Companies, or ihm Order* to whom such Prize Money shall appertain, at the Time of the Surrender of the Place at which such who »c to r«p*y Prize Money was acquired; or, in case of the Drath of such Captains, or any of them, then such Prize ,hc fjme so the Money shall be paid to the Widows, or Heirs at Law, of such Captains respectively, whose respective Receipts thereof shall be a Discharge to the said Commissioners for the same; and such Captains, Cap- on>pa*

t.dns Widows, or Heirs at Law, shall and are hereby required, upon Demand thereof made by the several or in case of Persons intitled to the respective Shares of any Prize Money in their Hands, their Heirs, Executors, or the

Administrators, to pay over such Share of the said Prize Money to such Persons so intiiled to the same: "

G a

And

Hein U Law d

44 C. 25. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

such Captains j And if any Dispute shall arile concerning the Distribution of the said Prize Money, such Difoute shall be stribuet^he fame determined by the Commissioners, or any three or more of them; whose Determination shall do final*

among the respectire Persons intitled thereto. Commissioners to determine Dispates arifbig thereupon j

and to discharge

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commission-©ut of the Prize ers shall, and they are hereby impowered, out of any Money which shall come to their Hands of such i»n-penceYa«endin« c^a*rne(^ Prize Money, in the first Place, to satisfy and discharge all such Expences as shall arise to any the Execution of Person or Persons employed by them in settling the said Accounts, and all other reasonable Expences at- this Act. tending the Execution of this Act.

Recovery of the V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred Penalties and by this Act, may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's Coarts of Record at Westminflir3 Forfeitures, wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be aland Application lowed; and such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be applied, one Moiety to the \Jfe of thereof* his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successor9, and the other Moiety to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

No Claim of

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Claim of any Prize Money Pnae Money to be admitted or allowed after the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and 4xtyfeveo, jsnuary?1767!or furt^cr Day the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall appoint.

CAP. XXV.

An Act to alter certain Rates of Postage, and to amend, explain, and enlarge, several Pfo-visions in an Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and id other A6fcs relating to the Revenue of the Post Office.

Preamble!

See Geo. 3. c. 24.

J Geo. 3. c. 50. I# Geo. 3. c. 35.

j

Repeal of so much of the Act of 9 Ao. c. xo. as establishes the Rates of Postage of Letters between London and the British Dominions in America, and Places within the said Domi-

And from and after 10 October, 1765, inftesdof the Rates there-by established, vhofe following are to take place.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the Security and Improvement of Correspondenee, throughout your Majesty's Domi-nions, is a Matter of great Concernment, and highly necessary for the Preservation and Exten-( fion of Trade and Commerce: And whereas by an Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, several Rates are settled for the Port and Conveyance of Letters and Packets passing to and from the several Parts of the British Dominions in Europe and America: And whereas by the Increase of Trade and Commerce since the passing of the said Act, and by the vast Accession of Terri- tory gained by the late Treaty of Peace, several Communications are opened, and new Polls have been or may be established to and from the several Parts of your Majesty's Dominions in America, for which the Rates of Postage cannot, under the present Law, be properly ascertained: And whereas the present Rates of Postage may in some Parts be reduced, and the Revenue nevertheless may hereafter be ion- proved, by means of a more extensive Circulation We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con* sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for establishing a General Post Office for all her Majesty's Dominions, and for settling a Weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, as establishes certain Rates or Sums for the Port or Conveyance of Letters and Packets passing between London and the British Dominions in Americp. and between any Places within the said Dominions, shall, from and after IBetentK Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, be, and is iieVeby, repealed.

II. And, to the end that more easy and equal Rates of Postage may be settled and established, and the Benefit of Posts be in Time extended to every Part of the British Dominions in America, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said tenth Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's Post Matter General for the time being, and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto sufficiently authorised, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, to demand, have, receive, and take, for the Port and Conveyance of all and every the Letters, Packets, and other Things, that shall be carried or conveyed to or from London, from or to any of the British Dominions in America, and to or from any Part of the said Dominions, from or to any other Part thereof, according to the several and respective Rates and Sums hereafter Mentioned; the same being rated either by the Letter, or by the Ounce; that is to say,

Rata of Poffoge For all Letters and Packets passing from London to any Port within the British Dominions in America, from London to ancj ftom any such port unto London> for every Single Letter one Shilling; for every Double Letter two St BHdft Do111 Shillings; for every Treble Letter three Shillings; and for every Ounce four Shillings; and so in Propot-miniont im A- tion for every Packet of Deeds, Writs, or other Things.

mcriaa, and from any such Port to London j

and from any For all Letters and Packets conveyed by Sea from any Port in the British Dominions in America, to Port io tfcc hW any other Port within the said Dominions, for every Single Letter four Pence; for every Double Letter ’Bnmtotom to eight

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 23. 4$

eight Pence 5 for every Treble Letter one Shilling; and for every Ounce one SbilMflg and four Pence 5 and *y

so in Proportion for every Packet of Deeds, Writs, or other Things. ttowatj Sea.

For the Inland Conveyance of all Letters and Packets to or from any Chief Poll Office estabUIhed* or Rate* of fetal to be established, within the British Dominions in America* from or to any other Part of the said Domi- P©ft»ie in Ame-nions, not exceeding sixty British Miles distant from such Chief Offices respectively, or from the Office *«»for*? W-where such Letters or Packets, not passing through any such Chief Office, may be put in, for cv^ Si^MUcii Single Letter four Pence; for every Doutfie Letter eight Pence; for every Treble Letter one Shilling; 1

and for every Ounce one Shilling and four Pence; and, being upwards of sixty such Miles, and notcf exceeding one hundred such Miles, for every Single Letter six Pence; for every Double Letter one Shil- 001 ling; for every Treble Letter one Shilling and six Pence; and for every Ounce two Shillings 5 and, Mij£* being upwards of one hundred such Miles, and not exceeding two hundred such Miles, for every Single for upward* of Letter eight Pence; for every Double Letter one Shilling and four Pence; for every Treble Letter two ioo, and note*-Shillings; and for every Ounce two Shillings and eight Pence5 and for every Dista nee not exceedingceedingaoo one hundred such Miles beyond such two hundred Miles, and for every such further Difiance, for every Ml^,r^a^d for Single Letter two Pence; for every Double Letter four Pence; for every Treble Letter six Pence; and exceed-" for evenr Ounce eight Pence; and so in Proportion, according to the said several and respoctive Rates ing 100 Miles and Difiances, for every Packet of Deeds, Writs, or other Things. further, fe.

III. And whereas by certain Clauses in the said Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her Red*1 of said late Majesty Queen Arm*> it is enacted, That all Letters and Packets that, Claufaia Act

«. x*.

_, by any Matter of any

Ship or Vessel, or any of his Company, or any Passengers therein, should or might be brought to any 9 - Port Town, or which should arrive or touch at any Port belonging to any Port Town within any Her Majesty* Dominions, or any the Members thereof, or which should be on board any Ship or Vessel which should or did touch or stay at any such Port Town (other than such Letters a* in the said Act are except* J) Iliould, by such Mafier, Paflengyr, or other Person or Persons, be forthwith delivered- unto the Deputy or Deputies of such Poll Mafier General for the time being by him appointed for such Place or Port Town, and to be, by such Deputy or Deputies, sent Poll unto the said General Poll Office, to be delivered according to the several and respective Directions of the same; upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of five Pounds of British Money for every several Offence against the Tenor of the said Acts: And whereas the said Provision, in the said above recited Clause, hath been found ineflec*

tual for the Purposes intended ;* be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from F*o«enA*aAir and after the tenth Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, no Ship or Vessel shall be permitted to break Bulk, or to make any Entry in any Port in the British Dominions, until all and Packets brought by any Mafier of any such Ship or Vessel, or by any of his Company, or any to makeEatry, Passenger on board the same, to any Port in the said Dominions where Polls are or hereafter may be or bmkBolk, established, and from whence such Letters and Packets can or may be dispatched by Port, shall be deli- tiUihtUturt. vered to the Deputy or Deputies, or Agents, of the said Poll Mailer General for the time being, be j^0*J|* by him or them forwarded, according to their respective Directions, in the same Course that other Letters are sent from such respective Ports; except such Letters, Commissions, and other Matters and Things, except in such as are excepted in the said Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Arme\ c*fe»wh*rttbtyr and also, except all such Letters and Packets as shall or may be brought in any Ship or Vessel liable to Brc f0 be*-the Performance of Quarantine; all which Letters or Packets la ft-mentioned shall oe delivered, by the Person or Persons having Possession thereof, to the Person or Persons appointed to superintend the Qua- Q^remine rentine, that all proper Precautions may be by him or them taken before the Delivery thereof; and when to bed»fp«tched due Care has been had therein, the said Letters or Packets shall be by him or them dispatched, in the h him to the usual and accustomed Manner, by the Port; and all Matters, Mariners, Passengers, and other Person Po ftcc* or Persons, neglecting or refusing to deliver the Letters or Packets brought by them as aforesaid, shall, t^T/^crr*fuLfinR for every such Neglect or Refusal respectively, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds; to be sued for and such Levin, recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any Court of Record within the Kingdom, forfeit 20 u* Colony, Plantation, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed; and no Essoin, Privilege, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be admitted; one Moiety of the said Penalty to his Majesty, his Heirs, Ono Moiety to and Successora, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons who shall or will inform against the Kin?»the

such Offender or Offenders, and r r '1 n ' ' T' ' ' '

such Person or Persons, so informi and have also taxed and paid their

of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and id. eitn char^--

for the said Deputy or Deputies to demand, have, receive, and take, for every such Letter and Packet so on all Ship delivered from any Ship or Vessel, other than Packet Boats, to such Deputy or Deputies at the Ports in

his XL jetty’s Dominions, as shall be directed to any Place within the Town belonging to such Port, or

within the Limits of the Delivery of Letters and Packets by such Deputy and Deputies, the Rato or Sum of one Penny, over and above what may now be received for the same.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the tenth Day of from and after-Octoberf one thousand seven hundred and fixfy-five, the Rates now payable for the Pottage of Letters and to coluber.

Ioicty thereof to such Person or Persons who mall or will inform against the «b* nd sue for the said Penalties and Forfeitures; and for every Recovery ®ther|°lhePr0* ming and prosecuting for the said Penalties and Forfeitures, shall recover lccutor cir full Cotta of Suit any thing in the said Act, made in the Ninth Year with Full Cofli.-

Packrta sent or conveyed by the General Pott, not exceeding one Pott Stage in Great Britain and Ireland, ,he i\e*

and not exceeding two Pott Stages in that Part of Great Britain called England* do cease and determine; ^he-

and that from and after the said tenth Day of October* one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, ir shall cenerli r

and may be lawful to and for the said Pott Mailer General, and his Deputy and Deputies by him there- uxexceeding*

unto-

46 C. 25. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

one Post Stage unto sufficiently authorised, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, to demand, in Great Britain have, receive, and take, for the Port and Conveyance of all such Letters and Packets which he shall lr^?» *nd convey, carry, or fend Post, within the Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, according to the several twotn England, &ates and Sums hereafter-mentioned (the fame being rated either by the Letter or by the Ounce) that aje to ceifc, IS to say, and the following Rates are to take place;

\iz. Rates for For the Port or Conveyance of every Single Letter, so conveyed or carried by the Post as aforesaid, IVftage not ex- not exceeding one whole rod Stage from the Office where such Letter may be put in, within the King-Stage^ °nC d°ms aforesaid, the Sum of one Penny 5 for every Double Letter two Pence; for every Treble Letter 8 1 three Pence; and for every Ounce four Pence; and so in Proportion for every Packet of Deeds, Writs,

or other Things.

above one. and And for the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter, so conveyed or carried by the Post as afore-notetceeding said, above one Post Stage, and not exceeding two Post Stages, from the Office where such Letter may 1*0Pod Stages, he put in, within that rart of Great Britain called England, the Sum of two Pence; for every Double Letter four Pence; for every Treble Letter six Pence; and for every Ounce eight Pence; and so in Proportion for every Packet of Deeds, Writs, or other Things.

But these Regu-

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority afe-esaid, That nothing herein before lations are not contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter, or in any wise to affe£l, the Rates or Sums to to extend to Th* be paid for Letters or Packets passing or repassing by the Carriage called The Penny Post.

[Penny Post.]

VII. And whereas, for the more ready and extensive Conveyance of Letters and Packets between that Part of Great Britain called England, and Ireland, and for the Cunvcniency of Trade and Commerce between the said Kingdoms, it may be convenient and expedient to improve the Communication for the Conveyance of such Letters and Packets by the Post through Carlifte, Dumfries, and Port Patrick, or some other convenient Port in Scotland\ and through Donagh id^e^ or some other convenient Port in Rates of Postage Ireland;’ be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful between Eng- to and for the said Post Matter General, and his Deputy or Deputies by him thereunto sufficiently autho-throughCaHi/le r*zet's to demand, have, receive, and take, for the Port and Conveyance of all Letters and rackets, Dumfries, Pert* Pa®nS anc* repassing by the Post between England and Ireland, through Catiijley Dumfries, Port Patrick, Patrick, and and Donaghadee, or other convenient Ports in Scotland and Ireland\ the same Rates or Sums for English 'Donaghadee, or Postage, according to the Number of Miles or Stages such Letters and Packets are carried by the Post in ©dier convenient England, as also the same Rates or Sums for Scotch Postage, according to the Number of Miles or Stages ort*’ such Letters and Packets are carried by the Post in Scotland, and moreover the same Rates or Sums for

Packet Postage between Port Patrick and Donaghadee, or other convenient Ports in Scotland and Ireland, as likewise the same Rates or Sums for Irish Postage, according to the Number of Miles or Stages such Letters are carried by the Post in Ireland, as are respectively settled, established, and ascertained, by the said Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, or by this present Act,

Repeal of so

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Act, made in <muchof the Act the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen dune, as directs, that the Rates or Sums to be 9 Anns, as di- paid for the Conveyance of Letters, to be sent by racket Boats, between Port Patrick and Donaghadee? ,eftetweenP*ort Paid at foe Place where such Letter or Letters are delivered, in order to be sent by such Packet

nl! B°ats, shall, from and after the said tenth Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, be, naghadee to be and is hereby repealed, paid where the Letters are delivered.

To prevent Disputes, Post Roads may be measured:

and a Return to be made thereof upon Oath 3

and entered in the three Chief Post Offices in Great Britain and Ireland; and the Chief Offices in America, pjir Surveys to be made out, and deposited in the respective Offi-xes 'tiere mentioned;

IX. And, to the end that all Letters or Packets may be charged with Postage, according to the rated Distance they are respectively carried by the Post, and for preventing all Disputes touching the same, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person and Persons as the Post Matter General for the time being shall appoint, to measure, or cause to be measured, by the Wheel, all the Post Roads which are now settled and established, or which shall hereafter be settled and established, in any Part of the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, and other the British Dominions.

X. Provided always, That such Person or Persons, who shall be so appointed as aforesaid to measure the said Distances, and every of them, shall be sworn to perform the same according to the best of their Skill and Judgement; which Oath shall and may be administered by any Justice of the Peace, who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same, and to make Certificates thereof in Writing, to be entered, without Fee or Charge, in the three Chief Post Offices in Great Britain and Ireland; and in the Chief Post Offices established, or to be established, in America; and moreover, that such Person or Persons so to be appointed by such Post Master as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby required to cause fair Surveys or Books to be made out: One of each whereof shall be left with his Majesty's Post Matter General in London, another of each to be left at the Chief Post Office in Edinburgh with the Post Matter General’s Deputy there, another of each to be left at the Chief Post Office at Dublin with the Post Master General’s Deputy there, and another of each of such Surveys or Books shall be left at each of the Chief Post Offices established, or to be established, in America, with the respective Deputies of the Post Master General there, to remain in the said Post Offices; each of which said Surveys or Books shall be signed by the Person or Persons making the same, who shall and are hereby respectively required to make

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto ' Georgii III. c. 2 5.

47

make Oath of the Truth’of such Surveys; which Oath or Oaths shall and may be administered by any signea by the

justice of the Peace, who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same; and a Certificate of Persons making is or their having sworn to the Truth thereof shall be signed by the Port Matter General for the being, or by his Deputy or Deputies, in such Chief Pott Offices in Great Britain and Ireland, and in the oath, and certi-British) Dominions in America \ which Books and Surveys shall determine the Distances on. all the said fied by the Post, Pott Roads: And in case of any Suspicion of Error or wrong Admeasurement, it shall and may be lawful Master General for the said Post Matter General to cause new Surveys to be made; and the last Surveys which shall be or h's made, and shall be verified and attested as above directed, shall, in all Courts of Justice, be Evidence of E^or^iwwSur-^ the Distances on such Post Roads; and all Rates granted by any former Act or Acts, or by this present Veys may be Act, for the Port or Conveyance of Letters and Packets, shall be paid and taken according to such made out* *c- Surveys. cording toivbick'

J Portage is to be charged.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Power given to the Post Matter General for the time being, and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto sufficiently settle penny Pod. authorised, to settle and establish an Office, to be called The Penny Post Office, in any City or Town, and Offices where the Suburbs thereof, and Places adjacent, within the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, and the convenient* British Dominions in America, where such Ports shall, by the Post Matter General, be adjudged necessary and convenient; and to demand, have, receive, and take the same Rates and Sums for the Postage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets, conveyed by such Penny Post, as are or may be taken for the Carriage of Letters and Packets, sent or conveyed by the Carriage called The Penny Po/l, established and '

settled within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, and Parts adjacent, according to the Extent and Meaning of the said Act made in the ninth Year of her said late Majesty Queen J

Armey and of an Act made in the fourth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of this present Act.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when such Penny Post Office or Where fuclr Offices shall be settled and established in such Cities, Towns, Suburbs, or Places adjacent, within the officestu-eetTa— Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, and the British Dominions in America, as aforesaid, no Person or blish«i,no»er. Persons whatsoever shall make any Collection of Letters or Packets in or near such City, Town, Suburbs, or Places, where such Penny Post Office or Offices shall be established, without Licence or Leave of the without being Post Matter General for the time being; upon Pain of incurring the Forfeitures and Penalties to be for*- dulyiicensed. feited and paid by Persons collecting, receiving, carrying, recarrying, and delivering Letters, contrary to the said Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of ner said late Majesty Queen Anne, to be recovered in Manner as by the said Act is directed, and with full Costs of Suit.

XIII. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Letters and Packets Lettere,&c. whatsoever, which shall or may be brought, by the Inland or Foreign Post, to the General Post Office in brought by the London, directed to any Person or Persons at any Place or Places he vondthe Delivery of the Inland qj^ Inland or Fo-foreign Departments of the General Post Office respectively, and within the Delivery of the said Office l^ndon Office tailed The PennyPo// Office, shall be conveyed and delivered by the said Penny. Post Office; and that it and directed be-

I

shall and may be lawful for any Messenger or Person, carrying or transmitting such Letters or Packets, yondtheDcpart-to demand and take for the Carriage and Delivery of the same, one Penny, and no more, over and above ment of the Go— the Rates of Pottage which shall have become due, for the Port or Conveyance of TucK Letters or Packets nc.r?lPo?» ^ut to the General Post Office.

within the De« livery of the

Pfcnny Port, may be sent by the Penny Port, and charged accordingly.

f XIV. And whereas the Weight of Letters and Packets, sent or conveyed by the Carriage called The Penny Pojly hath not yet been ascertained by any. Law or Statute: And whereas many heavy and bulky

Packets and Parcels are now sent and conveyed by such Carriage, which, by their Bulk and Weight,

greatly retard the speedy Delivery thereof;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That From and from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and hxty-five, no letter. Packet, or Parcel whatsoever, shall be forwarded, sent, or conveyed, by any Carriage called The Penny Post already ingVurOunct# established, or hereafter to be established, if the Weight of such Letter, Packet, or Parcel, shall exceed Except those the Weight of four Ounces, other than such Letters or Packets as have first come by Pott to the General sent by the Oei Post Office, or shall be patting by the said Carriage called The Penny Pojly into the said General Deral *c*)

Post Office. SlCnvlo?

XV. And whereas- by the said Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty y

Queen Anruy csrtain Rates are established for all Letters patting from London through the Spanijl) Nether- lands, or the United’ Prcvinces, to Hamburgh (Post-paid to Antwerp or Amsterdam) and from Hamburgh

through the Sfanish Netherlands, or the United Provinces, unto London? be it enacted, That so much From 5 July*

of the said Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, as establishes J?6s, thvfamc the Rates aft above-mentioned, shall, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred Rates P«Jae* and sixty-five, be, and the same is hereby repealed; and the said Rates shall from thenceforth cease and London.

determine: And from and after the said filth Day of July, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said and Hamburgh* Post Master General, and Jr Deputy or Deputies by Kim thereunto sufficiently authorised, to and for a« between the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, to demand, have, receive, and take, for the Port and don and Ge«^ Conveyance of all Letters and Packets, sent or conveyed by the Port from London to Hamburgh, or from many* Hamburgh to London^ the lame Rates or Sums ,of Money, which, by the said Act made in the said Ninth

Year

48 C. 25. Anno q«tnto Georgii III. A.D. 176$.

Year of the Reign of her ftSd late Majesty Queen Anne, are (ettbfd, and appointed to be taken for all Letters and Packets passing by the Polls from London to all other Parts of Germany.

The Postage of

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful" to and LetmttobefeKt for the said Poll Master General, and his Deputy and Deputies, if such Poll Mailer Gftwenriihall deem necessary and expedient, to cause the Rates or Sums for the Podage of all Lettecs and Packets which neccf- *re to be lent by the Poll out of the Kingdom of Great Britainf to be paid upon their being put into any Cary, fee dontnd* Poll Office within the said Kingdom. mti ipeA their being pet into the Office. ,'v,

‘Penalty ofnnjr

XVII. And be it further enacted Jui^the Authority Voresaid, That if any Deputy, Clerk, Agent, Xetter Carrier, or other Officer whatiwir, appointed, or to be hereafter appointed, and employed in cretingoMsn- the Business of the Poll Office, shall, from and after the tenth Day of October, one thousand seven hun-beMiing any dred and sixty-five, secret, embezzle, or destroy any Letter, Packet, Bag, or Mail of Letters, which he. Latter with any (he, #r they, shall and may be respectively entrusted with, or which shall have come to his, her, or their Bank' Bill or Hands or roffession, by virtue of their respective Employments in the said Poll Office, containing auiy Bank Note, Bank Poll Bill, Bill of Exchange, Exchequer Bill, South Sea or East India Bond, Dividend Warrant of the Bank, South Seay East India, or any other Company, Society, or Corporation, Navy or Victualling Bill, Seaman’s Ticket, State Lottery Ticket, Goldsmith’s Note for the Payment of Money, or other Bond or Warrant, Bill, or Promissory Note for the Payment of Money, or American Provincial r taking out Bill of Credit; or shall deal and take out of any Letter or Packet that shall come to his, her, or their Hands or Possession, by virtue of their respective Employments, any such Bank Note, Bank Pod Bill, gin of Exchange, Exchequer Bill, South Sea or East India Bond, Dividend Warrant of the Bank, South Sea, East India, or any other Company, Society, or Corporation, Navy or Victualling Bill, Seaman^ Ticket, State Lottery Ticket, Goldsmith’s Note for the Payment of Money, or other Bond or Warranty w PromMIory Note for the Payment of Money, or American Provincial Bill of Credit, with Intent to fe-Mltbay. crete, embezzle, or destroy the same; every such Offender or Offenders, being thereof convicted in dire form of Law, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, penaltyrob*

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said tenth Day bang Mail 1, ©fOctober, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall rob

of his Majesty's Mails of any Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets, Bag or Mail of Letters, although such Robbery shall not appear, or be proved, to be a Taking from the Person, or upon the King’s Highway, or to be a Robbery committed in any Dwelling-house, or any Coach-house, Stable, Barn, or any Out-house belonging to a Dwelling-house, and although it should not appear that any Person or Persons itFetayb were put in Fear by such Robbery, yet such Offender or Offenders, being thereof convicted asr aforesaid, shall nevertheless respectively be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon.

Penalty nf any

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Deputy, Clerk, Agent,‘Letter Officer, Uc. toi- Carrier, or other Servant, appointed, authorised, and intruded, to take in Letters or Packets, and re-ben ling or mif- Ceive the Podage thereof, dial], after the said tenth Day of October, imbezzle, or apply to his, her, or Voikiwc Monty their own Use, any Money or Monies by him, her, or them, received with such Letters or Packets, for melted by him, the Podage thereof; or shall burn or otherwise destroy any Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets, by him, r destroying any her, or them, so taken in or received; or who, by virtue of their respective Offices, shall advance the Rates Letter or Packet, Upon Letters or packets sent by the Pod, and shall not duly account for the Money by him, her, or them, or advancing the reccjved for such advanced Podage; every such Offender or Offenders, being thereof convicted as afore-££*£ fa, kid, Hull be deemed guilty of Felony.

the fame, is

p^Bo uittin ^X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Pod Boy or Rider, having or deferring' the taken any of his Maiedy’s Mails, or Bags of Letters or Packets, under his Care, in order to convey the Mail, or faflfer- fame to the next Pod Town or Stage, shall, after the said tenth Day of October, quit or desert the same being any Person fore his Arrival at such Pod Town or Stage, or shall suffer any other Person or Persons (the Person or (except the persons employed to guard such Mail or Bags of Letters and Packets only excepted) to ride on the Hoffc on the Horseor or Carriage alonv with the said Mails or Bap of Letters and Packets; or shall loiter on the Road, and Carriage, or loi* wilfully mispend his Time, so as to retard the Arrival of the said Mails or Bags of Letters at the next tering on the Pod Town or Stage; or shall not, in all possible cases, convey such Mails or Bags of Letters after the Rate Road, dec. to be of fix English Miles an Hour at the lead; every such Offender, for evey such Offence, being thereof convicted, either by voluntary Confession of the Party, or by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible hare Laboor| 'Witness or Witnesses, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace (which Oath and Oaths the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby respectively impowered and required to administer) shall be sent to the House of Correction, and confined to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Month, nor less than fourteen Days.

and unlawfully

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said tenth Day of collecting, con* 'October, if any Pod Boy or Pod Boys, Rider or Riders, shall, by himself or themselves, or in Combination ▼eying, or deli- with others, unlawfully collect or receive Letters or Packets, or convey, or cause letters and Packets to* ▼ering Lettera fce unlawfully conveyed, and shall thereof be convicted. either by the voluntary Confession of the Party, or Packet*, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace (which Oath and Oaths the said Justice and Judiees is and are hereby respectively impow-he forfeits 4o«. ered and required to administer) every such Offender or Offenders shall, for every Letter or Packet (o for every Letrer, by him or them unlawfully collected, conveyed, or delivered, forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings, to be paid *q. and if not to the Informer; and if the same shall not be forthwith paid upon Conviction, it shall and may be lawful

6 for

A., D. 1765.

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 2C,

49

paid forthwith,

he is to be committed to hard Labour.

Cl.tufcs, &c. in the Act of 9 Ann.e, or in any other Act touching the General or Penny Pod Office, not hereby altered, or repealed, cx« Act.

for such Justice and Justices to commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction, there to remain at hard Labour for any Space not exceeding two Months, nor less than one Month.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes. Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Liabilities, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Methods for the Recovery of the same Matters and Things, contained in the said Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen June* or in any other A cl or Acts whatsoever, touching the General Poll Office, or the Carriage called The Penny PoJ} Office, and not herein arrd hereby exprefiy alteied or repealed,

shall be applied and extended* and shall be construed to apply and extend, to this present Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as If the same had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

tended to this

XXIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That all Rites or Sums of Money established or Raus and pccu-appointed by this Act, and also all Sums of Money imposed as Forfeitures or Penalties, and all Sums of n,ar>'

Money required to be paid, and all other Monies herein mentioned, shall be deemed and taken to be s^i^Tlon-v. Sterling Money of Great Britain, and shall be collected, taken, recovered, and paid, to the Amount of kCI ‘ns 4 Jn~ the Value which such Nominal Sums bear in Great Britain.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies arising by the Rates Monies arifrag aforesaid, except the Monies which shall be necessary to defray such Expences as shall be incurred in by this Act, the Collection and Management of the same, and all other Expences attending the said Office, and the

due Execution of the Acts relating thereto, shall be appropriated and applied to such and the same Uses, to which the present Rates of Postage are respectively now by Law appropriated and made applicable.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Charges, Out- All neceflVy goings, and Disbursements, necessary for the Receipt and Management of the said Rates, and the Rates chafes, &c. in granted by former Acts, and all other Expences attending the find Office, and the due Execution of the the Receipt and several Acts relating thereto, be allowed and paid, in like Manner as the same have heretofore been ^neasgtobcaU allowed, authorised, and paid, at any Time since the Commencement of the Rates granted by the said i0^cd’as°ufu*lf Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne; any thing in this Act, or in an Act passed in

the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Support of his Majestys Houjholdy and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And whereas by an Act made in the^ Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti- Clause in Act

tuled, A a Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses, in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets Geo. 3. *4*

1 free from the Duty of Poflagey it is enacted, That from and after the First Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, so long as the Revenue arising in the General Letter Office or Post Office,

or Office of Post Master General, shall continue to be made R*rt of the Aggregate Fund, no Letters or

Packets sent by the Post, to or from any Place whatsoever, shall be exempted from paying the Duty of c Postage, except such Letters and Packets as are therein particularly excepted: And whereas the Pri- vilege of sending and receiving Letters and Packets, free from the Duty of Postage, is not by the said Act extended to the Pay Master General of his Majesty's Forces for the time being, or to the Clerk of the Parliaments, or to the Clerk of the House of Commons of Great Britain, for the time being, who,

by virtue of their respective Offices and Employments, necessarily send and receive many Letters relating to the publick Concerns of these Kingdoms be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That pjy from and after the passing of this Act, the said Pay Master General of his Majesty's Forces for the time GcncrJ, being, shall and may send and receive Letters, free from the Duty of Postage, in the same Manner, and cic.kofihcPlunder such Restrictions, as other Officers mentioned in the said Act are thereby permitted, in respect of lament?, an<l their Offices, to send and receive; and that the said Clerk of the Parliaments, and Clerk of the House Clerk of the of Commons of Great Britain, for the time being, shall and may respectively, from and after the passing Hrufcof Com-of this Act, send and receive Letters, free from the Duty of Postage, in the same Manner, and under ^dVlWnd'and such Restrictions, as any Member of either of the two Houses of Parliament of Great Britain now fend Jccci!e Liters and receive the same, in pursuance of the said Act. free cf Polla^e.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if atiy Action or Suit shall Limitation of be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, the same Actions.

shall be commenced within six Months after the FadI committed, and not afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this General lrtue.

A cl, and the Special flatter, in Evidence; and that the same was done in pursuance, and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear so to be done, or that such Action or Suit shall be commenced nrtcr the Time before limited for bringing the same, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon a Verdict for the Defendant, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or cifcontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant Tr*tlsCifi*, or Defendants hath or have in any other Cases by Law. Scc ta, lhtr

4 9 GEO. 3. c. 35.

C. 26.

Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for carrying into Execution a Contract made, pursuant to the Act of Parliament of the Twelfth of his late Majesty King George the First, between the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury and the Duke and Dutchess of Atholl, the Proprietors of the Isle of Man, and their Trustees, for the Purchase of the said Island and its Dependencies, under certain Exceptions therein particularly mentioned.

'WHEREAS his late Majesty King Henry the fourth, by his Letters Patent under the Great Seal Vy of England, bearing Date at Westminster the sixth Day of Aprils in the seventh Year of his Reign, did grant td Sir John de Stanley Knight, the Island, Castle, Pele, and Lordship of Man, and all c. 7* thelflands and Lord ships to the said Island of Man appertaining, which did not exceed the Value of

c.a. four hundred Pounds by the Year; to have and to hold to the said John and his Heirs and Assigns, all the islands, Castle, Pele, and Lordship aforesaid, together with the Royalties, Regalities. Franchises, c. 40. Liberties, Sea Ports, and all Things to Port reasonably and duly belonging. Homages, Fealties, Wards,

Marriages, Reliefs, Escheats, Forfeitures, Waifs, Estrays, Courts Baron, Views of Frankpledge, Leets, c Hundreds, Wapentakes, Wreck of the Sea, Mines of Lead and Iron, Fairs, Markets, free Customs,

Meadows, Pastures, Woods, Parks, Chaces, Lawns, Warrens, Aflarts, Purpreftures, Chiminages, Pifca- ries. Mills, Moors, Marshes, Turbarys, Waters, Pools, Fifti Ponds, Ways, railages, and Commons, and other Commodities, Emoluments, and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the said Islands, Castle, Pele, and Lordship, in any wise appertaining or belonging, together with the Patronage of the Bishoprick of the said lflaud of Alan, and also Knights Fees, Advowsons, and Patronages of Abbies, Priories, Hospitals, Churches, Vicarages, Chapels, Chaunteries, and other Ecclesiastical Benefices whatsoever, to the said Islands, Castle, Pele, and Lordship, likewise belonging, of the said King and his Heirs for ever, by Liege Homage, and the Service of rendering to the said King two Falcons once only; that is to say, immediately after the same Homage done, and of rendering to his Heir*, Kings of England, two Falcons on the Days of their Coronations, instead of all other Services, Customs, and Demands, as freely, fully, and entirely, as Sir William Lt Scrope deceased, in the said Letters Patent named, or any other Lord of the said Island, was ever, in former Times, in the bell and freest Manner accustomed to have and hold those Islands, Castle, Pele, and Lordship, with the Appurtenances, together with all other the Premisses therein and herein before-mentioned, the said Liege Homage, and Rent of Falcons, only excepted: And whereas the Monastery and Priory of Rushing and Douglas, and the Fryers Minors, commonly called The Grey Friers of Brymaken, otherwise Bymaken, with their Appurtenances, in the said Island of Man, were, on or about the general Diflblution of the lesser Religious Houses, by force and virtue of an Act for that Purpose made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Henry the Eighth, dissolved, and veiled in his said Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King Henry the eighth, for diflevering the Bishoprick of Chester, and of the Tjle of Man, from the Jurisdiction of Canterbury to the Jurisdiction of York, it was enacted, That the Bishoprick and Diocese of Alan, in the Isle of Man, should be annexed, adjoined, and united, to the Province and Metropolitical Jurisdiction of York, in all Points, and to all Purposes and Effects, as the Bishoprick of Chester was annexed, adjoined, and united, to the same: And whereas on the Death of Ferdinando Earl of Derby, Coulin and Heir Male of the Body of the said Sir John de Stanley, which happened in or about the thirty- sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, a Controversy arose concerning the Inheritance of the said Islands, Castle, Pele, and Lordship, with the Appurtenances, between the Daughters and Coheirs of the said Ferdinando Earl of Derby, on the one Part, and William Earl of Derby, his surviving Brother, on the other Part; which Controversy was, by her said Majesty's Command, referred to the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, and others of her Majesty's Privy Council, together with the Chief Justices of the Courts of Queen's Bench and Common Pleas, and the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer', and till the said Controversy, and certain other Doubts which arose on the said Letters Patent, should be determined, the said Island, Castle, Pele, and Lordship of Man, with the Appurtenances, and all other the Premisses in the said Letters Patent mentioned, were taken into the Hands of her said Majesty, in Right of the Crown of England: And whereas his late Majesty King James the first, by his Letters Patent under the Great Seal of England, bearing Date at Westminster the seventeenth Day of March, in the third Year of his Reign, did, in Consideration of a Fine of one hundred and one Pounds, fifteen Shillings, and eleven Pence, paid into the Receipt of his said Majesty Exchequer by Sir Thomas Leighe Knight, and Thomas Spencer Esquire, and for other Considerations, demise, lease, and to farm-lett, to the said Six Thomas Lcigne Knight, and Thomas Spencer, all those Houses, Scires, Circuits, and Prccin&s, formerly the Monastry and Priory of Rushing and Douglas, and the Fryers Minors, commonly called the Grey Fryers of Brymaken, otherwise Bymaken, with all their Appurtnances, in his said Island of Man, and all those his Re&ories and Churches of Kirkecrijl in Shelaing and Kirk lev an, with their Appurtenances in his said Island of Man, formerly belonging to the Monastry of Rushing aforesaid, and being Parcel of the Possessions thereof, thentofore usually lett at the An- mini Rent of one hundred and one pounds, fifteen Shillings, and elevenpence; except, and always reserved to his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, all and all manner of Woods, Underwoods, WarJ-

4 Clips,

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 26. 51

fliipsj Marriages, Mines, and Quarries, belonging to the PremifTcsj to be hat} and holden to the said

Sir nomas Leighe, and Thomas Spencer, their Executors and Assigns, for the Term of forty Years from € the making the said Letters Patent, under the said Annual Rent of one hundred and one Pounds, fifteen

Shillings, and eleven Pence, and the several other Payments issuing out of the Premises, therein particularly mentioned, amounting^in the Whole, to the Sum of twerty-one Pounds, seventeen Shillings:

And whereas his said late Majesty King James the first, by certain other Letters Patent under the Great Seal of England, bearing Date at Westminster the fourteenth Day of August, in the fifth Year of his Reign, at the Petition of William Earl of Derby, Cousin and Heir Male of the Body of the said Sir John de Stanley, deceased, Henry Earl of Huntingdon, and Elizabeth his Wife, Graye Bridges Lord Chandoys, and Anne his Wife, and Sir John Eger ton Knight, Son and Heir Male Apparent of Thomas Lord ElUfmere, then Chancellor of England, and Frances his Wife (which Anne, Frances, and Elizabeth,

were the Cousins and Heirs of the said Sir John de Stanley) did grant to Henry Earl of Northampton, and Robert Earl of Salisbury, the said Island, Castle, Pele, and Lordship of Man, and all the Islands and Lordships to the same appertaining, and all and singular the Royal Regalities, Franchises, Liberties,

and all other the Rights, Profits, and Commodities thereunto belonging, in the same Letters Patent particularly mentioned and contained (except all those Houses, Scites, Circuits, and Precincts, formerly the Monastry and Priory of Rnjhinge and Douglas, and the Fryers Minors, commonly called the Grey Friers of Btymaken, otherwise Bymaken, and the Rc&ories and Churches of Kirkecri/le in Sheldirtgc and Kirklovan, formerly to the said Monastry of Rufbinge belonging and appertaining, and Pared of the Pof- sessions of the same, with their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, therein more particularly de-

feribed) to be had and holden to the said Henry Earl of Northampton, and Robert Earl of Salisbury, their Heirs and Assigns, of the said King, his Heirs and Successors for ever, by the Liege Homage, and by the Service of rendering two Falcons in Manner and Form aforesaid; which said Island, Castle,

Pele, and Lordship of Man aforesaid, and all the Islands and Lordships thereunto belonging, and other the rremifles before-mentioned (except as before excepted) were granted, or mentioned to be granted,

by the late King Henry the fourth, to the said Sir John de Stanley, by Letters Patent, bearing Date at Westminster the sixth Day of April, in the seventh Year of his Reign; and the said King did also grant to the said Henry Earl of Northampton, and Robert Earl of Salisbury, all and all Manner of Issues, Rcvc- nues, and Profits, of the said Island, Castle, Pele, and Lordship of Man, and all and singular the € PremifTes (except as before excepted) which had not been paid to the late Queen, or to his then present Majesty, without any Account to be rendered to his Majesty for the same: And whereas by Indenture inrolled of Record, and made, or mentioned to be made, the eighteenth Day of June, in the said seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King James the first, between the said King of the one Part, and the said Robert Earl of Salisbury Lord Treasurer of England, Henry Earl of Northampton Keeper of the King’s Privy Seal, William Earl of Derby, Henry Earl of Huntingdon, and Elizabeth his Wife,

Graye Bridges Lord Chandoys and Anne hil Wife, and John Egerton Knight and Frances his Wife, of the other Part, but not executed or acknowledged of Record by the said William Earl of Derby, the said Robert Earl of Salisbury, Henry Earl of Northampton, William Earl of Derby, Henry Earl of Hunt- ingdon and Elizabeth his Wife, Graye Bridges Lord Chandoys and Anne his Wife, John Egerton Knight

and Frances his Wife, did give, grant, bargain, fell, surrender, and confirm, or were mentioned to give,

grant, bargain, fell, surrender, and confirm, to the said Kine, his Heirs and Successors for ever, the said Island, Castle, Pele, and Lordship of Alan, and all the Islands and Lordships to the same apper- raining, and all and singular the Royal Regalities, Franchises, Liberties, and all other the Rights,

Profits, and Commodities, thereunto belonging, in the same Letters Patent, and also in the Letters Patent herein last before recited, particularly mentioned and contained, and all their Right, Title,

State, Use, Poss flion, Interest, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, in the said Island, Castle, Pele, Lord- ship, and Premisses, or in any Part thereof, to be had and holden to and for the Use of the said King,

his Heirs, and Successors, for ever: And whereas his said late Majesty King Ja/nes the first, by certain other Letters Patent under the Great Seal of England, bearing Date at Westminster the twenty-eighth Day of June, in the seventh Year of his Reign, did demise, grant, and to farm-lett, to the said Robert Earl of Salifuury, and Thomas Earl of Suffolk, the said Island, Castle, Pele, and Lordship of Man, with all their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, and all his Islands, Lordships, Castles, Monasteries,

Abbies, Priories, Farms, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever, to the said Island of Alan appertaining or belonging, or situate, lying, or being, in or within the same, with all and singular their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, and all and singular the Royal Regalities,

Franchises, Liberties, Sea Ports, and all Things to Port reasonably and duly appertaining; Lands thentofore overflowed by, and then gained from, the Sea, and reduced to dry Soil; Lands then over- flowed by the Sea, and which thereafter should be gained and reduced to dry Soil; Homages, Fealties,

Knights Fees, Wards, Marriages, Reliefs, Escheats, Forfeitures, Waifs, Goods and Chattels of Felons, Fugitives, Persons outlawed, attainted, condemned, and put in Exigent; Estrays, Dcodands,

Villeins, and Naifs, with their I flue; Eftovers, and Commons of Eftovers; Courts Leer, Views of Frankpledge, Courts Baron, Courts of Admiralty, Courts of Portmote, Lcets, Hundreds, Wapentakes,

and the Perquisites and Profits of Courts, Views of Frankpledge, Courts Baron, Courts of Admiralty,

Courts of Portmote, and Lcets, and all that to Courts Leet, Views of Frankpledge, Courts Baron,

and Courts of Portmote belonged, or thereafter could or ought to belong. Wrecks of the Sea, Mines of Lead and Iron, Quarries, Fairs, Fair Days, Markets, 'Foils and lllues of Fairs, Free Customs,

Right', Jurisdictions, Franchises, Privileges, Manors, Vills, Town<, Castles, Granger, M'-flhages,

Houses, Edifices, Mills, Barns, Stables, Dovc-houses, Orchaids, Fruiteries, Gardens, Toft:., Cottages,

5 2

C. 26. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

Curtilages, Lands, Tenements, Meadows, Feedings, Pastures, Demesne Lands, Glebe Lands, Leafows,

Wastes, Heaths, Moors, Marshes, Ways, void Grounds, Paths, Easements, Woods, Underwoods,

Wood Lands and Trees, and the Soil and Ground of the said Woods, Underwoods, and Trees, Tithes of Corn, Grain, and Hay, Wool, Flax, Hemp, Lambs, and all other Tithes whatsoever, as well Great as Small, Rectories, Advov/fons, Donations, and Rights of Patronage, of all and singular Hospital,

Churches, Vicarages, Chapels, and all other Ecclclustical Benefices whatsoever. Oblations, Obven- tions. Fruits, Profits, Waters, Water-courses, Streams, Aqueducts, Suits, Sokes, Multures, and a!F>

all and Angular Fnrcfts, Paiks, Chafes, Lawns, Warrens, Alims, Purpreltures, Chiminages, Pifcarits,

Fishings, Rc-his, Pensions, Portions, Frankfolds, Turbaries, Pools, Fish-ponds, Ways, PalLges, Commons, Rents, Reversions, and Services, Rents Charge, Rents Seek, Rents of Assize, and Rents and Services of Tenants, ns well free as customary, Works of Tenants, annual Farm Rents, t ee Farms,

Annuities, Heriots, Fines, Amerciaments,'Foils, Duties, Anchorages, Groundages, Profits, Commodities, Advantages, Emoluments, Hereditaments, and Appurtenances whatsoever, as well Spiritual as c Temporal, Situate, lying, or being, coming, growing, renewing, or arising, within the said Island, Cast!e,

Pele, and Lordship of Alan, or within the Sea to the same Island contiguous and adjoining, or within any other Islands, Lands, Peles, Cattles, Farms, or Lands, to the said Island of Man appertaining, or to the same or any of them appurtenant, incident, appendant, or belonging, or at any Time heretofore had, known, taken, occupied, used, demised, let, or reputed to be Members, Parts, or Parcels of the same, and the Patronage of the Bishoprick of the said Island of Alan, and the Patronage of the Bishopricic 1 of Sodor, and the Patronage of the Bishoprick of Sodor and Man, and the Temporalities of the said Bishopricks, whensoever they should happen to be vacant, and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder 4 ?nd Remainders, of all and singular tho said Islands, Cattles, Peles, Lordships, Patronages of Bishopricks,

Ke&ories, Forctts, Chafes, Parks, Farms, Granges, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever, and of the rest of the Premisses therein before demised, and every Parcel thereof, dependant and expectant on any Gift, Demise, or Grant, for Term of Life or Lives, or Years, or in Fee Tail or otherwise, of the Premisses, or any Part thereof, however made, or being of Record, or not of Record, and the Rents and Profits thereupon reserved, or in any Manner incident to the same, or any Part thereof (except the said Houses, Scites, Circuits, and Precincts, formerly the Monastery and Priory of Rajhi ng and Douglas, and the Fryers Minors of Brymaken, otherwise Bymaken, and the Re&ories and Churches of Kirkccrifl in Sheldon and Kirkelovan, with their and every of their Rights, Members., and Appurtenances, therein particularly described) to be had and holden to the said Robert Earl of Saliwun, and Thomas Earl of Suffolk, their Executors and Assigns, from the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel then last part, for the Term of twenty-one Years from thence following, at and under the yearly Rea: of twenty Shillings of lawful Money of England: And whereas his said late Majesty King jhzwrj the first, by certain other Letters Patent under the Great Seal of England, bearing Date at Weshnirt/ier the seventh Day of July, in the seventh Year of his Reign, reciting the said Letters Patent herein last before recited,' did give and grant unto the said William Earl of Derby and Elizabeth his Wife, and James Star- ley LordStanley his Son and Heir Apparent, all the said Island, Cattle, Pele, and Lordship of Jllv:, and all the Islands and Lordships to the same belonging, and all and singular the Royal Rcgalirie?, Franchises, Liberties, and all and singular other the Premisses in the said therein and herein recited Ler- ters Patent demised and granted, with all their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances (except the said Houses, Scites, Circuits, and Precincts, and other the Premisses in the said therein recited Letters Patent excepted) and farther, that the said William Earl of Derby and Elizabeth his Wife, and James Stanley Lord Stanley, and the Heirs and Assigns of the said Jaynes, should have, hold, and enjoy, within the said Island, Cattle, Pole, and Lordfhin of Alan, and other the Premisses, such and the like Cour:s 4 Leet, Profits of Courts Leet, Views of Frankpledge, Courts of Portmote, Courts of Admiralty, ami every thing to all and every the said Courts belonging. Law Days, Assize and Allay of Bread, Wine,

and Beer, Waifs, Ettrays, Goods and Chattels of Felons, Fugitives, Felons of themselves. Clerks convict or attainted, Traitors, or of those who being indicted of Treason, Murder, or Felony, refuse to answer to the same according to the Law and Custom of England\ or stand obstinately mute, or refuse to stand to the Judgement thereupon to be given, or of Persons otherwise convicted or condemned, Deod.mds, Knights Fees, Wards, Marriages, Reliefs, Escheats, Heriots, Forests, Chafes, Free War- rens. Parks, Liberties of Paiks, Wrecks of the Sea, Anchorage and Groundage, and all other Rights Royal Regalities, Jurisdictions, Franchises, Liberties, Cultorns, Privileges, Profits, Commodities Advantages, Emoluments, and Hereditaments whatsoever, as well Spiritual as Temporal, as fuhy, freely, and intirely, and in as ample Manner and Form, as Sir Jliiliam Lc Scroge Knight, Henry Per. e 4 Farl of A or th umber land. Sir John Stanley Knight, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons thentofore hid, held, used, or enjoyed the same, within the said Island, Cattle, Pele, and Lord ink',

Farms, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, and other the Premisses therein before granted, or any Part cr Parcel thereof, by Rcufon or Pretence of any Charter, Gift, Grant, Confirmation, or Letters Patent, from any Kings or ffueens of England, or of my Act or Acts of Parliament, or of any lawful Prescription, Usage or Custom, or of any other Right or Title whatsoever, and as fully, freely, and in as ample Manner and Form, a^ his said Majesty, or any of the former Kings or Queens of JExz'ar 4 h d and enjoyed, or ought to have had, used, and enjoyed, the said Island, Cattle, Pele, and Lord- ship of Men, Farms, Me.Tuag^.s, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and all and singular other the Premisses therein before granted, or any Part or Parcel thereof, to be had and holden, to and to the Use of t lie frid I Viliam If arl of Derby and Elixabe'b his Wife, for and during the natural Life ar.i 4 Lives of them and the Survivor of them, and after their Deceaies, to and to the Use of the said Jam s

e

A.D. 1765. Anno quinta Georgii III. c. 26.

€ ,

Stanley Lord Stanley, and his Heirs for ever, of his said Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, for ever, by Liege Homage, and by the Service of rendering to the said King two Falcons once only; that is to say, immediately after the said Homage done, and of rendering to his said Majesty's Heirs, Kings of England) two Falcons on the Days of their Coronations, in lieu of all other Services, Customs, and Demands; and the said King did moreover give and grant to the said William Earl of Derby and Elizabeth \us Wife, and James Stanley Lord Stanley, his Heirs and Assigns, all and all Manner of Rents, Arrearages of Rent, Blues, Revenues, rnd yearly Profits of the said {(land, Castle, Pele, and Lordship of AW:, and other the Piemiflcs (except as before excepted) heretofore due, and not paid to his late dc-r biller Elizabeth, late Queen of England, or to himself, or to any of his Progenitors, to be by them receiver, without any Account for the same: And whereas his said late Majesty King James the fir If, by certain other Letters Patent under the Great Seal of England, bearing Date at Westminster the second Day of May in the eighth Year of his Reign, did give and grant to the said William Earl of Dei by and Elizabeth his Wife, and the Heirs of the said [William, ail those Houses, Scites, Circuits, and Precincts, formerly the Monastry and Priory of Rafting and Doughs, and the Fryers Minors commonly called The Grey Fryers of Brymikcn, other wise Dymaken, with all their Appurtenances in the said Islani cf Alan, and all those his Rectories and Churches of Kh kui ijl in Shelding and Kirhlovan with their Appurtenances in the Lid If caul cf Alan, formerly belonging to the Monastery of Rushing aforesaid, and being Parcel of the Polldlions thereof, by a Particular thereof extending to the clear Annual Rent or Value of one hundred and one Pounds, fifteen Shillings, and eleven Pence, over and above certain other Payments in the said Letters Patent mentioned issuing the reout, and amounting in the Whole to twenty-one Pounds, seventeen Shillings, and all and singular his Monasteries, Abbies, Granges, Lands, Tithes, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever, with all and singular their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, in the said Island cf Alan, and all Messuages, Mills, Houses, Ecl.fices, Buildings, Barns, Stables Dovchouses, Orchards, Fruiteries, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, Tofts, Cottages, Pools, Fishponds, Meadows, Feedings, Pafiurcs, Heaths, Moors, Marshes, Ways, Void Grounds, Roads, Pat hs, Lafements, Woods, Underwoods, Coppice Woods, Woodlands, Trees, Fruits, Profits, Commodities, Streams, Banks, Rivulets, Wntcrcourses, Aqueduds, Pifcaries, Fishings, Rents, Avenues, and Services, T ithes of Corn in Sheaf, Corn in Blade, Grain, and Hay, and all other Tithes what-f ever, as well Great as Small, Oblations, Obventions, Hawkings, Huntings, Frankfolds, Turbaries, Suits, Sokes, Multures, Warrens, Mines, Quarries, Rents and Services as well of Fee as of Customary T enants, Rent Charges, Rents Seek, and Rents and Services reserved upon any Demises or Grants of the Premiiics, or any Parcel thereof. Works of Tenants, Annual Farm Rents, Fee Farms, Cuf-^ toms. Annuities, Knights Fees, Wards, Marriages, Escheats, Reliefs, Aids, Heriots, Fines, Amer-' Laments Courts Lccc, Views of Frankpledge, Perquisites and Profits of Courts and Lccts, and all that to Courts Lea or Vie w of Frankpledge belonged, or thereafter could or ought to belong. Waifs, Goods and Chattels cf Petty Traitors, Felons, Fugitives, Persons outlawed, attainted, condemned, and put in Exigent, md of those who being induced of any Petty Treason, Murder, or Felony, shall 11 and obit nateiy mute, or will not anfuer directly and justiry themselves according to the Law and Cnllom of En. lu'yf, and cf all Persons convicted or attainted, Estrays, Dcodands, villeins and Naifs with their ii*uj, httovers and Commons of Eftovers, Fairs, Markets, Stallages, Tolls, Dufics, Im-polL, Right*, Junldictions, Franchises Liberties, Customs, Privileges, Profits, Commodities, Advantages, Emoluments, and Hereditaments, with all and singular their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, within the said //land of Alan, to the fi.id Monasteries and Priories of Rushing and Drifafs, and tic layers M r.ors of Lrymal.cn, otherwic Bymaken,; nd Rectories and Churches of Kiekeerijt in the! 1,? and Kirk yaan, and other the Premiftcs therein bclore given and grantcJ, or to any Parcel thereof, bdungu g, appertaining, incident, or appendant, and the keversion and Reverfu ns of the same cxpcvt..nt (it any Giant or Demile for Tcim of Lite or Lives, or Years, or otherwise, whether the I m.e be of iTco.d or not of Recoid, and all Woods, Underwoods, Co| pice Woods, and Trees whatsoever, growing and being in and upon the Premisses, or any Part thereof, and the Land, Ground, and Soil of the Lmc, and all Rents and Annual Profits reserved upon any Demi ft* or Grant of the Pre-nulles or any Part therrof; and also that the said I Willi am Ear! of ZX/Zyaiul Final eth his Wife, and the Heirs of the Lid /Wiliam, should have, hold, and enjoy, all Inch and the i:\tc Courts Feet, Views of Frank pit d e. Law Days, Aui/e and Allay of Bread, Win:, and Beer, Waifs Eftravs, Chattels of Felons, upivivC", ami Potions put in Exigent, Dcodana, Knights Fees, Ward., Marriages, Rebels, ELke.t Heriots, Fuc Wariens, Hawkings, Hunting; and all other Rights, Jmifdiolior.s, Frarrhita, Liberties, Customs, Privilcg.s, Proltts, Ccr.: mod. tfis, Ailvar.ta;ts, Emolument*, and Hereditaments w lut'oever, and as fiulv, jiecly, and intucl;, as any Abbot or lhior of the said former Monastery a; d Piir.jy ot Rtjiirg and Doiyfujs, and the Fr\ers Mii:o:s of Jjiynakeu, otherwise 7fi v den, or at y other EtiLn or Pufons hcreu/orc having, jxoli id:.to or being ftifed rt the said Monaftciy, Priory, rvcr> Rectories, Churches, and other the Preftiifi. *, eve: had, 1k!J, ui’ed, or enjoyed, or

on, hr to have hr.!, held, used, or enjoyed the fi me, rr; ny Pa: t thcuof, by Reason or Pie once ot* any Charter, G:t:, (Kant, or Cer.iirnution, by Ins Lul Majesty, or any of Ids Ar.crftors Kings or (Jim *i.s of iV'u/i./, i>r of any Act or Acts ot Pailiarr.; nt, or uf any lawful Prescription, LTV.ge, or Cuihun, oroth-. vvf' l.owfo.ver by ar.y lawful Means, Right, or Title, and as fully, lrre!y, and in-. tirily, as his fin 1 ? I..j*-ity, or any ol his Lid Antcftors ever 1 md «mi euj'jy^d, or ouju to have h«d and enjoy id, the fiunc, and in as ample Manner nrui lurm as the same c. me, cr ought to have corrc, to the Hands of his lad Majesty, or any of his L d Anciftors, by Pcalon or Pnttr.ee of the Dillo-lution or Surrender of any of the said Monasteries or Priories, oithy Rea.on or iheience of any Alt

/ or

53

C. 26. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

c or Acts of Parliament, Escheats, Exchanges, Attainders, or Forfeitures, or br any other lawful Means*

Right, or Title whatsoever; to be had, holden, and enjoyed, to and for the Use of the said William Earl 1 ox Derby and Elizabeth his Wife, and the Heirs of the said William, for ever, of his said Majesty, his Heirs and-Successors, as'of the Manor of East Greenwich in Kent, by Fealty only, in Free and Common Soccage, and not in Chief, or by Knight Service, at and under the yearly Rent of one hundred and one Pounds, fifteen Shillings and eleven Pence, of lawful Money of England, to be paid at the Re- ceipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, at the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel, and the An- nunefation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, in equal Portions, in lieu of all other Rents, Services, Exactions,

and Demands whatsoever; and it was agreed, that the said William Earl of Derby and Elizabeth his Wife,

and the Heirs of the said William, should yearly and every Year pay, or cause to be paid, the several Sums therein mentioned, due and issuing out of the PremifTcs, and amounting in the Whole to the Sum of twenty Pound;, seventeen Shillings, yearly; and thereof should acquit, discharge, and save harmless,

his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors: And whereas by an A<5f of Parliament made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King James the First, intituled, An Act for the afjuring and establishing of the Isle of Man, in order to continue the said Island, Castle, Pele, and Lordflnp of Man, with their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, in the Name and Blood of the said William Earl ofuzrby, it was enabled. That the said WilliaynJL^xX of Derby and Elizabeth his Wife, for and during their Lives, and the longer Liver of them, and after their Deaths the said James Lord Stanley, and the Heirs Male of his Body lawfully begotten, and after his Death without such issue, Robert Stanley Second Son of the said Earl, and the Heirs Males of his Body lawfully begotten, and after his Death without such Issue, the Heirs Males of the Body of the said William Earl of Derby lawfully begotten, and for Default of such Issue, the right Heirs of the said James Lord Stanley, should and might for ever thereafter have, hold, and auietly en- joy, freely and clearly, against his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors (by the Tenures, Rents, and Services, therein after mentioned to be reserved) against Thomas Lord Ellefmerey Lord Chancellor of England, and Alice Countess of Derby his Wife, late the Wife of Fcrdinando Earl of Derby; deedafed, and against Henry Earl of Huntingdon and Elizabeth his Wife, Gray Lord Chandoys and Anne his Wife* Sir John Egerton Knight, Son and Heir apparent of the said Tloomas Lord Ellesmere and Frances his Wife- and the Heirs of the said Elizabeth, Anne, and Frances, who were the only Daughters and foie Heirs of the said Fcrdinando late Earl of Derby, and to whom and their Husbands the said William Earl of Derby had paid divers Sums of Money for their Claim, Right, and Title, to the said Isle, ‘Castle, Pele, and Lord ship of Many as appeared by their Deed, bearing Date the fourteenth Day of February in the sixth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, whereby they had agreed to give their Consents for the passing of an Act of Parliament, for the giving and extinguishing of such their Right, Title, and Interest, and against the Heirs of the said Fcrdinando late Earl of Den>y, and against Thomas Ireland Esquire, his Exe- cutors, Administrators, and Assigns, all the said Isle, Castle, Pele, and Lordftiipof Man, with the Rights* 4 Members, and Appurtenances, and all the then of late Monastery and Priory of Rushing and Dvwglas*

and the Fryers Minors, commonly called The Grey Fryers of Brymaken, otherwise Bymaken, with their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, and the Rectories and Churches of KirkecriJU in Sheldinr and Kirkclovan, with their Appurtenances, and the Patronage of the Bishoptick and Bishopricks aforesaid, and all other the Hereditaments whatsoever granted by his said Majesty by his said several Letters Patent- the one bearing Date the seventh Day of July, in the seventh Year of his said Majesty's Reign, and the other bearing Date the second Day of May, in the eighth Year of his said Majesty's Reign- which last mentioned Letters Patent were made and granted during the then Session of Parliament:

And it was further enabled. That neither the said Lord Stanley% nor the said Robert Stanley, nor any of the Heirs Males of their Bodies respectively, nor any of the Heirs Males of the Body of the said Wil- Ham Earl of Derby% should have any Power to alien, fell, or convey, the said Isle, Castle, Pele, and Lord- ship oi Many and other the Premisses, or any Part of them, from his or their Issue, or other Persons appointed by the said Act to enjoy the same, but that the same should remain and continue as by the said is appointed; and that all Gifts, Grants, Alienations, Bargains, Sales, Conveyances, Assurances, and Acts t^ne or to be done to the contrary (except as therein is excepted) should be utterly void*

and of none Effect: And it was further enacted, That neither the said Act, nor any thing therein contained, should exterd or be construed to avoid, frustrate, abridge, impair, diminish, or prejudice, the State Interest, and Term of Years of Sir Thomas Leigh Knight, and Thomas Spencer Esquire, their Exe- cutors, Administrators, and Assigns, of the Messuage, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, Profits, Hereditaments- and other Things, in the said IJlc of Many granted by the said Letters Patent, bearing Date the seven- teenth Day of March, in the third Year of his said Majesty's Reign, for the Term of forty Ycam v, and that they and every of them should and might peaceably and quietly, during the said Term, have, hold, occupy, and enjoy the same, upon such yearly Rents, Reservations, Covenants, Provisoes, and Agreements, as were mentioned and expressed in the said Letters Patent; favine to the Archbishop of York, and his Successors, all Metropolitical Jurisdiction in all Points, and to all Purposes of the Bi-4 (hopricks and Diocese of Man in the said Isle of Many as is given, united, limited, and appointed, to the Province and Archbishoprick of York, by the said Act of Parliament made in the three and thirtieth Year of the Reign of the said King Henry the eighth: And whereas his late Majesty King Charles the second by his Letters Patent, bearing Date at Westminster, the twelfth Day of February in the nine- teenth Year of his Reign, did give and grant unto Charles Earl of Derby (Son and Heir of the said James Lord Stanleys afterwards Earl of Derby deceased) all and all Manner of Mines Royal of Gold or Silver, or holding Gold or Silver to such a Proportion as, according to the Laws of England, doth make the same a Mine Royal, situate, lying, and being, in the Isle of Many whether the same be opened or not

55

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 26.

opened; to be had and holden unto the said Charles Earl of Derby, and to the Heirs Males of his Body lawfully begotten, at and under the yearly Rent and Payment therein contained and expressed; which said Grant, upon the Failure of Heirs Male of the Body of the said Charles Earl of Derby by t e Death of James late Earl of Derby, which happened on or about the first Day of February, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, expired, and the Right of the said Mines Royal re- vested in his then Majesty King George the second, his Heirs and Successors: And whereas in and by one other Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the first, intituled, An Act for the Improvement of his Alajcjlys Revenues of Customs, Excise, and Inland Duties, after laying several Restrictions upon the fraudulent Trade then carried on between Great Britain and the said lyte of Man, it was (for the better enabling his Majesty to prevent the said Frauds and Abuses) enacted, That it should and might be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Trea- fujy then or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, on the Behalf of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and also to and for the Right Honourable James Earl of Derby, his Tenants, or Assigns, the Right Honourable John Lord Ashbumham, for and on. 4 Behalf of his Daughter Henrietta Bridget Ashbumham, an Infant, Bryan Fairfax Esquire, Trustee for the said Infant, or the Survivor of them, and all or any other Person or Persons claiming or to claim by,

from, or under, the said Earl, or any of his Ancestors, to treat, contract, and agree, for the absolute Purchase or Sale, Release or Surrender, to or for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of all or any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest, which he the said Earl, his Tenants, the said Henrietta Bridget Ash- burnham, or such other Person or Persons then had or claimed, or could or might have or claim, in or to the said Island or Lordship of Man, or in or to all or any Regalities, Powers, Honours, Superiorities, Ju- rifdiftions. Rights, Privileges, Duties, Customs, Revenues, Profits, or other Advantages whatsoever, in, over, or about the said If and of Man, or its Dependencies, for such Sum or Sums of Money, or uporv such other Terms or Conditions, as they should think fitting; and that upon the executing of such Contracts or Agreements by or on the Behalf of the said Earl, his Tenants, the said Henrietta Bridget Ashburn- ham, or such other Person or Persons claiming or to claim under him,-or any of his Ancestors as aforesaid, or upon executing such other Conveyances, Assignments, Releases, or Surrenders, as in such Con- Craft or Contrafts should be agreed on for that Purpose, it should and might be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the Treasury then or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, and they were thereby impowered, by and out of any Monies arisen or to arise to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of or for any Customs, Subsidies, Impositions, or other Duties, upon the Importation or Exportation of any Goods or Merchandizes whatsoever, al- ready granted or payable, or thereafter to be granted or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors*. 4 in Great Britain, Jrales, or Berwick upon Tweed, to order and direct the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, from time to time, as should be so contrafted or agreed on for such Purchase or Purchases*

to such Person or Persons as, according to the Terms of such Contrafts or Agreements, should be intitled to have and receive the same: And whereas the most Noble James late Duke of Atholly as right Heir of the said James Lord Stanley, on Failure of Heirs Male of the Body of the said William Earl of Derby, by,

the Death of the said James late Earl of Derby, became seised to him and his Heirs of the said Iliana*

Castle, Pele, and Lordship of Man, and all other the Premisses aforesaid, except the Mines Royal so re- vested in the Crown as aforesaid; and by a certain Indenture or Deed of Feoffment, with Livery of Seisin thereon indorsed, bearing Date the fourteenth Day of November, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-seven, and made, or mentioned to be made, between the said late

Duke of Athdl of the one Part, the Right Honourable John late Earl of Dunmorey and the Right Honourable III lit am now Lord Mansfield, by the Name and Description of the Honourable William Murray of Lincoln's Inn Lomlon Esquire, and John Murray of the City of Edinburgh Esquire (since deceasedj of the other Part, the said James Duke of Atholl did grant, bargain, fell, alien, cnfeoff', and confirm unto the said John Earl of Dunmore, and Ifllliam now Lord Mansfield\ and John Murray, all the said Island,

Castle, Pole, and Lordship of Alan, and all other the Premilles therein and herein more particularly mcn- tioned and described, except as before excepted; to be had and holden to the said John Earl of Dunmorey ll ilham now Lord A/ansfiJdy and John Murray, their Heirs, and Aligns for ever, upon the Trusts, and to and for the Intents and Purposes, therein mentioned and declared, of and concerning the same; in which f.ud Indenture or Deed of Feoffment a Power was reserved to the said James Duke of Athclly by any Deed or D?cds, or by his last Will and Testament, executed and attested as is therein mentioned, to revoke and make void all and every or any of the said Trulh, Directions, Declarations, and Agreements,

and to declare, limit, or appoint, any farther, other, or different Trusts, Uses, or Directions thereof, or of so much thereof as should be so revoked and made void, with or without Power of Revocation, as to the said Duke should seem proper: And whereas by Indenture bearing Date the fourth Day of May%

one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, and expressed to be made between the same Parties as are Parties to the last recited Indenture, the said James Duke of Atholl, in pursuance of the Powers in him veiled, did revoke and make void all and every the said Trusts, Directions, Declarations, and Agreements, contained in the said recited Indenture or Deed of Feoffment of the fourteenth Day of Kovem- iery one thousand seven hundred and thirty-seven, of and concerning the Lid Island, Castle, Pelc, and Lordship of Many r.nd all other the Premisses; and did direct, limit, and appoint, that the said Jcl'n-4 Earl of Dunmorey Ji'ihiam now Lord Alansfield, and John Alurray, and their Heirs and Affgns, should

ft-inJ seised of the Premisses upon such other Trusts, and to and for such Intents and Purposes, as therein are mentioned and declared of and concerning the same; in which said Indenture was also reserved to

the said Duke of Athclly a like Power of Revocation* with Authority to declare, limit, or appoint, any.

g far then

C. 26. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

farther, other, or different Trusts or Directions of the same, or any Part thereof, with or without Power of Revocation, as'to him should seem proper: And whereas by one other Indenture or Deed of Feoff- ment, with Livery of Seisin thereon indorsed, bearing Date the sixth Day of Aprils in the Year of our c Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-six, and made, or mentioned to be made, between the said James Duke of Atboll of the first Part; the said William now Lord Mansfield, by the Name and Description of the honourable Willia/n Murray of Lincoln s Inn, in the County of Aiiddlefiex, Esquire, his Majesty's Attorney General, of the second Part; and the Mod: Noble Archibald late Duke of ArgyUy the Right Honourable David Lord Viscount Stormont, and John Sharpe of Lincoln's Inn, in the County of Middleficx, Esquire, since deceased, of the third Part; reciting (amongst other Recitals therein contain- cd) that Proposals had, from time to time, been made to the said James Duke of Athcli on the Part of the King’s Majesty that then was, in order to purchase of the said Duke of Atholl the said I fie and Ter- ritories of Man, and other the Hereditaments and Premisses therein mentioned; and that the said Duke,

though reluctant to alien so honourable a Principality from his Family, had always been ready to fub- mit to his Majesty's Will and Pleasure therein, who had never proposed to purchase but upon paying a 4 full and adequate Consideration for the same; but that it was uncertain whether any such Sale would be made of the said Isle, Hereditaments, and Premises, in the Life-time of the said Duke of Atboll; and that therefore he the said Duke was minded and desirous that the same should be settled, allured, and conveyed, upon such Trusts, and to and for such Intents and Purposes, as therein and herein after are expressed; the said James Duke of Atholl, in pursuance of the Powers reserved to him by the said last- mentioned Indenture, and of all other Powers to him given in that Behalf, did revoke and make void all and every the Trusts, Declarations, and Agreements, in the said Indenture contained, concerning the said 9 Isle, Castle, Pele, Lordship, and Territories of Man, and r. 11 other the Premisses as aforesaid; and further the said James Duke of Atholl, and also the said William now Lord Mansfield, by the Direction and Appointment of the said Duke, did grant, bargain, fell, alien, enfeoff, and confirm, unto the said Ackibald Duke of Argyle, David Lord Viscount of Stormont, and John Sharpe Esquire, the said Isle, Castle, Peic,

Lordship, and Territories of Man, with the Rights, Royalties, Members, Dependencies, Jurisdictions,

and Appurtenances thereof, or thereunto belonging, and all and Angular other the Hereditaments and Pre- milfes aforesaid, to be had and holden unto the said Archibald Duke of Argyle, David Lord Viscount of Stormont, and John Sharpe, their Heirs and Assigns, for ever, of our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, by the Rents, Tenures, Suits, and Services, by which the said James Duke of Atholl, and 4 William now Lord Mansfield, or either of them, then held the same; upon Trust (among other Things)

after the Decease of the said James Duke of Atholl\ that they the said Archibald Duke of Argyle, David Lord Viscount of Stormont, and John Sharpe, and the Survivors of them, their Nominees and AiEgns, should, at any Time thereafter, with the Ctfnfent and Approbation of the Person and Persons who, after the Death of the said James Duke of Atholl, should, by virtue of the Trusts therein expressld, be, from time to time, intitled to the actual Receipt of the Rents, Revenues, and Profits, of the said Isle and Pre- misses (such Person and Persons being then of the Age of twenty one years) sell and convey, or release and surrender, the said Isle, Castle, Pele, Lordship, and Territories of Man, and other the trusted Pre- misses (whereof no Appointment should have been made by the said John Duke of Atholl, in his Life- time, pursuant to a Power to him therein reserved and mentioned) unto the King’s Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, for such Price in ready Money as they could reasonably get, and should judge to be a proper Equivalent and adequate Consideration for the same; and should, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, lay out and invest the Money to arise by the Sale and Disposition thereof, in the Purchase of Lands of Inheritance in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and after such Purchase or Purchases made, should convey, settle, and intail, the Lands so to be purchased, with all the proper prohibitive, irritant, and resolutive Clauses, so as the same might be effectually limited, and unalienably intailed, as far as the Rules of the Law of Scotland would permit, to, upon, and for, such Persons, Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as are therein declared concerning the same; that is to say, To the Heirs Male of the Body of the said James Duke of Atholl, Remainder to the Heirs Female of the Body of the said Jatr.cs 4 Duke of Atholl, (the4eldeft Heir Female always succceding without Division, and excluding Heirs Per- tioners) Remainder to the Most Noble John now Duke of Atholl, by the Name and Description of John Murray of Strozvan in Scotland Esquire, Nephew of the said James Duke of Atholl, and Husband of the Right Honourable the Lady Charlotte Murray, the only Daughter then living of the said James Duke of Atholl (now Dutchess of Atholl and Baroness Strange) and the Heirs Male of his Body, with like Remain- ders to James and George MurYay Esquires, Brothers of the said John now Duke of Atboll, fucceiuvely, and the Heirs Male of their respetffive Bodies* with divers other Remainders over ;n Tail Mail, Remain- der to the Heirs and Assigns of the said James Duke of Atholl whatsoever, with Power to the Trustees 4 (with the Consent of the Person or Persons who would have been intitled to the Receipt of the Rents and Profits of the re miff; s, in case there had been no Sale) to place out the Money arising by such Sale on Real Securities in Scotland, or in any other Part of Great Britain, or in the Purchase of Stocks in the Publick Companies, or in the Publick Funds, or upon Government Securities, and to call in and place out the same again upon new or other Securities of the like Nature, the yearly Interest and Dividends whereof should be paid to such Person or Persons as, for the time being, would be intitled to be in t^e 4 actual Receipt of the Rents and Profits of the Lands thereby directed to be purchased in Scotland, in case the same had been so purchased, settled, and iutailed, as aforesaid; and with Power also to the surviving Trustees, in case of the Death of any of them, to re-cnfeoffother Trustees to the same Uses; and like- wife with Power to the said James Duke of Atholl, by Deed or Will to be by him executed, and atteltei as therein mentioned, to revoke or alter all or any the Uses and Trusts therein expressed, of or concerning

57

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 26.

the Premisses, or any Part thereof, and to limit and appoint any new and further Uses and Directions thereof, as to him should seem meet: And whereas by a certain other Indenture or Deed of Feoffment,

with Livery and Seisin thereon indorsed, bearing Dare on or about the twenty-first Day of November,

which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty-one, and made, or mentioned to be made, between the said ynrr.es Duke of Atholl of the first Parr, the said David Lord Viscount Stor- mont of the freon I Part, the said John now Duke of Atholl of the third Part, John Wood Esquire, Governor and Commander in Chief of the said Isle of Mon, of the fourth Part, Sir Charles Frederick Knight of the mob Honourable Order of the Bathy and Edmund Hoskins of Lincoln s Inny in the County of Mid- dicfrxy Esquire, of the fifth Part, and the Right Honourable George Earl of Aberdeen, of the sixth Part,

reciting, that the said Archibald Duke of Argyle, and John Sharpe, were both dead, and that several Pro- pofjls had been made to the said James Duke of Atholl for the Purchase of the several Rectories, Impro- priations, and Tythes, within the fan! ill.*, Part of the trusted Premises; and that to facilitate the Sale thereof, he was determined to revoke all the Trubs of the said Rectories, Impropriations, and Tythes,

‘ declared by the said lab recited Indenture or Deed of Feoffment; and further reciting, that the said Deraid Lord Viscount Stormont had, with the Privity and Approbation of the said James Duke of Atholl, nominated the said Sir Ch ules Frederick and Edmund IIoskins, to supply the Place of the said Archibald Duke of Atgyle jnd John Shatpe9 in the Execution of such of the Trulls in the said lab recircd Indenture as wete not revoked, or intended so to be by the said Indenture, he the said James Duke of Atholl did revoke, dc- termine, and make void, all the Trusts before declared concerning the said Rectories, Impropriations,

and Tythes; and the said James Duke of Atholl, and the said David Lord Viscount Stormont, by his Direction and Appointment, did grant and enfeoff the same to the said John now Duke of AtholI9 upon the Trulls thrrein mentioned; and as concerning the said Isle, Lordship, and Territory of Man9 and all other the P re mi lies (otnrr than the said Re&ories, Impropriations, and T'yrhes) the said James Duke of Atholl* end the said David Lord Viscount Stormont9 by his Direction and Appointment, did grant and enfeoff the Lmc to the said John U/ood9 his Heirs and Assigns, to the Intent th t he and they should re* 4 enfeoff the same to the said Dnvid Lord Viscount Stormont, Sir Charles Frederick, and Edmund Hrskins y 4 their Heirs and Affgns, upon the Trnfls, and for the Intents and Purpolls, and under the Limitations in the said last recited Indenture or Deed of Feoffment, of the sixth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-six, declared concerning the same; in which said Indenture was also contained a further Power of Revocation: And whereas the said John IVcod did, by a certain Deed Poll by him duly executed, bearing Date the Eighth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, re enfeoff accordingly the f.*id Isle, Cable, Pole, and Lordship, and other the Ptemiffes lab mentioned, unto the

laid David Lord Viscount Stormont, Sir Charles Frederick, and Edmund Hoskins, and their Heirs: And whereas the said James Duke of Atholl departed this Life on or about the eighth Day of January 9 in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-feur, without revoking or altering the said lait recited Inden- lure of Feoffment, leaving the said Charlotte (Wife of the said John now Duke of Atholl) now Duchess of Atholl and Huron*fs Strange, his Daughter and only Child; and thereupon they the said now Duke and Duchess of Atholl became intitled to the said Isle, Cable, Pele, and Territories of Alan* and other the Heteditaments and Premisses (the said Rectories, Impropriations, and Tythes, excepted) under and by virtue of the said recited Indentures of Feoffment, and according to the Ebate and interest theicby limited

to them respectively therein: And whereas a Treaty having been let on Foot between the Right Ho*

pourable the Commissioners o‘ his Majesty's Treasury and the said J~hn Duke of /thal, and Chmhtte Duchess of Atholl and 15 ironess Strange, his Wife, for the Sale of fhetr Ebate and Intend! in the said Island 4 nnJ Pfemiffes, or fi.ch Part thereof as should be found expedient to veil in his Majesty for the Publick Service, they the Lid Duke and Duchess did, in their Letter hearing Dare the twenty seventh Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, and addressed to their Lordships, inclose an Ahlhact of the clear Revenue of the Isle of Man for ten Years, from the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, to the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, both inclusive (a Copy whereof is

contained in the S-. hcdule annexed to this Act) and did declare that they were ready, il it should be deemed necessary for the Pubiuk Service, to part with all their Rights held under the several Grants of the Isle cf Alan; but apprehended, that the l<eferv3tion of th hr Landed Revenue, together with the Pa- ti on age of the Bishoprick, Mid other Ecclesiasbical Hencficcs in the Island, con’d not interfere with the Jnt'Tt (1 of the Public k; and presumed, theic could be no Obj <htion to their preserving the Honourable Ddtinct'on and Service which ihnr Ancebors had so long enjoyed, and by which they held their Rights in this- Island, of presenting the two Falcons at the Coronation; and notwithstanding the Difficulty of proposing a proper Co.r.prnfation (which might cxnofc them so the Imputation of making an ttnrcafbn- able Demand on the one h.tnd, and of not doing sufficient Justice to their Family on the other) yet, as the C irc*oT (Hnces of the Case had made it necessary, they did therefore hope, that mirher his Majesty,

nor the IVlument, would think the clear Sum of seventy thousand Pounds too great a Price to be paid thrm in full Compensation for the a^solute Surrender of the Isle, Cable, and Pelc of Altn9 and all Rights,

4 I irtibic tmn* and Intcrcfis. in or over rh: fa d Island, and all its Dependencies, bolden under the several Grants thescof, or under any other Title whatsoever, reserving only their Landed Property, with all their Rights in ;:h‘* °ver b°il as Lords of the Manor, with all Counts Huron, Rents, Services, and o her Jtu idr nt> toluch Courts belonging, their Wastes, Commons, and other Lands, Inl and Waters, Fisheries,

4 ?n<! M JL, and all Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, according to their present Rights therein. Felons 4 js. Drylands Waits, Eftrnys, and Wrecks at Sen, together with the Patronage of the Hilhopriek,

and of th - ofiicr Ltvh li.ifEcal Hencfires in the said Island, to which they were thui mritled, to be holden of the (drown by the Honourable Service above-mentioned: And whereas by a. certain Contract or

58 C. 26. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

Agreement in Writing, hearing Date the Seventh Day of March, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, and duly executed under the Hands and Seals of four of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of the one Part, and the said Duke and Duchess of Atholl, Sir Charles Frcde- rick, and Edmund Hof ins of the other Part, the said Commissioners of the Treasury contracted and agreed with the said Duke and Duchess of Atholl, and the said Sir Charles Frederick and Edmund Hof- kins their Trustees-, for the absolute Purchase of the said If and of Man, with its Dependencies, except

as therein is excepted, for the said Price or Sum of seventy thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid in the Manner, and at the Time therein mentioned: And whereas the said David Lord Viscount Stormont is now refluent at Vienna, in the Character of his Majesty's EmbafTador Extra- ordinary at that Court: And whereas the said Contract and Agreement cannot be effectually established and carried into Execution, without the Authority of Parliament lie it enubted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-Upon Payment mons, in this prei'ent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and immediately by his Majesty after the Payment into the Bank of England by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in the Names of the into the Bank of said John Duke of Atholl, and Charlotte Duchess of Atholl his Wife Baroness Strange, Sir Charles Frederick, b-t?re°i Iunc°r aile^ Edmund Hof ins, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, of the Sum of seventy thousand Pounds of i76cC in the’ lawful Money of Great Britain, free and clear of all Taxes, Impositions, Fees, Rewards, and other Deduc-Name* of the tions whatsoever, on or before the first Day of June, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred D'ik*' and and sixty-five (to be by them the said John Duke of Atholi, and Charlotte his Wife Baroness Strange, Sic Duchess of A- Charles Frederick, and Edmund Ho thins, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, and the Executors and Ad-Frederkk^nY* ministrators of such Survivor, paid, applied and disposed of, for the Uses, Intents, and Purposes, expressed Edra^Hoikins, and contained in the said Indenture or Deed of Feoffment, bearing Date the sixth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-six) the said Island, Castle, Pele, and Lordship of Alan, and all the Islands the me Of Man, and Lordships to the said If and of Alan appertaining, together with the Royalties, Regalities, Franchises, and the ifbnds, Liberties, and Sea Ports, to the same belonging, and all other the Hereditaments and Premises comprized,

&c. th erf unto mentioned, and granted, in the said Letters Patent, bearing Date respectively the sixth Day of April in

appertaining,&c. in the fcvemh Year of the Reign of King Henry the Fourth, the twenty-eighth Day of June in the seventh Year of the Reign of King Ja?ncs the First, and the Second Day of May in the eighth Year of the Reign of the same King James the First, and the said Statute or Act of Parliament made in the eighth Year of the Reign of the same King James the First, and every or any of them (except as herein after is excepted; to vest unolion- shall be, and they are hereby, unalienably vefteJ in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, freed and dif-abiy in the charged, and absolutely acquitted, exempred, and indemnified, of, from, and against, all Estates, Uses, Crown. Trusts, Intails, Reversions, Remainders, Limitations, Charges, Incumbrances, Titles, Claims, and Demands whatsoever, from, by, or under, the said Letters Patent and Act of Parliament, and every or any of them, or from, by, or under, any other Means, Right, or Title whatsoever, as fully, freely, and intirely, as if the said Letters Patent and Act of Parliament, and the Estates, Interests, Hereditaments, and Premisses, therein, or in any of them, comprized, mentioned, and granted, were herein again transcribed and repeated.

Caftiicr’iReceipt

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receipt or Receipts of the proper teititying the Clerk or Cashier, Clerks or Cashiers, of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, under his or Payment of the their Hand or Hands respectively, testifying the Payment of the said Sum of seventy thousand Pounds, or unB» any Part thereof, bt the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or such Person or Persons as they, or any three of them, shall order and direct to pay the same, into the said Bank of England, in the Names of the said Duke and Duchess of Athol, Sir Charles Frederick, and Edmund Hofcins, or the Survivors or Survivor to be a sufficient of them, shall be a sufficient Discharge to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of and for the said Sum Discharge to his of seventy thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as such Receipt or Receipts shall be given for; and that Majesty. his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon and after such Receipt or Receipts given as aforesaid, shall be

bfolutdy acquitted and discharged of and from the said Monies, notwithstanding any subsequent Loss, Nonapplication or Misapplication of the same, or any Part thereof.

The said Sum,

III. Provided always, That the Lands which shall be purchased with the said Sum of seventy thousand wkch flXn *be P0unc^s*» or any Part thereof, pursuant to the Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, expressed and contained in purchased3 there- Indenture or Deed of Feoffment, bearing Date the sixth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred

with, pursuant to and fifty six, and till such Purchase shall be made, the said Sum of seventy thousand Pounds, or such Part the Trufis ex thereof as shall not be so inverted in the Purchase of Lands as aforesaid, shall be and continue subject to prefied in the such ancj the same Estates, Interests, Rights, Titles, Claims and Demands, and no other, as any Person or n»rnt of 6 A^ril P^ons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, had and enjoyed at the Time of the passing of this Act, of, in, 175^,° re to be ’to? or out of the said Island, Castle, Pele, and Lordship of Man, or any other the Hereditaments and Prefixed to the misses hereby vested in his Majesty, or could or ought to have had or enjoyed in case this Act bad never fame Eft..tes,&c. been made, the said (Hand.

Pcfervation of

IV. Provided also, and it is hereby further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no-Patronage, and thing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to vest in his Majesty, his Heirs or vefteci^uje DOt Successors, the Patronage of the Bishoprick of the said Island of Man, or of the Bishoprick of Seder, or of Crown* the Bishoprick of Soder and Alan, or the Temporalties of the said Bishoprick or Bishopricks, whenever it or they shall become vacant; or the Right of Advowson, Patronage, Presentation, Collation, Donation,

Domination, or free Dispofrion, of or to any Archdeaconries, Canonries, Prebends, Colleges, Hospitals, Churches, Chap Is, Rebtories, Vicarages, or other Ecclesiastical Benefices or Promotions whatsoever, wkhin the said Island, Lordship, and Territory of Alan, or the Dependencies thereof, or any Hundreds,

Wapen-

59

A.D. 1765. Anno quint© Georgii III. c. 26.

Wapentakes, Manors, Towns, ViHs, Churches, Monasteries, Abbies, Priories, or the Scites, Circuits, or Precincts thereof, Farms, Messuages, Houses, Granges, Tofts, Cottages, Curtilages, Barns, Stables,

Mills, Dove-houses, Orchards, Ffuiteries, Gardens, Lands, Demesne Lands, Glebe Lands, Meadows,

Leafows, Feedings, Pastures, Woodlands, Woods, Underwoods, Trees, or the Soil or Ground thereof,

Wastes, void Grounds, Roads, Paths, Heaths, Furzes, Moors, Marshes, Mines of Lead or Iron or other base Metals, Collieries, Quarries, Inland Waters, Pools, Fish-ponds, Watercourses, Streams, Rivulets,

Aqueducts, Rents, Arrearages of Rent, Rent Services, Rent Charges, Rents Seek, Rents reserved. Annual Farm Rents, Fee Farm Rents, Rents of Assize, Annuities, Herriots, Services or Works of Tenants either free or customary, Rectories, Tythes, dr Impropriations of Tythes, either Great or Small, Predial, Personal, or Mixed, Portions of Tythes, renfions, Oblations, Obventions, Commons, Frankfolds, Eftovers, Commons of Eftovers, Turbaries, Ways, Passages, Easements, Forests, Parks, Liberties of Parks, Chafes, Lawns, Warrens, A starts, Purprerftures, Chiminages, Hawkings, Huntings, Pifcaries, Fishings, Fairs, Fair Days, Markets,

Stallages, Tolls, Multures, Waifs, Eflrays, Deodands, Wrecks of the Sea, Assize or Assay of Bread, Wine, or Beer, Fealties, Reliefs, Escheats, Forfeitures, Goods and Chattles of Traitors, Felons, Clerks Convidl,

Fugitives, Persons convicted, attainted, condemned, outlawed, put in Exigent, or (landing mute. Suits of Tenants, Courts Baron, Profits or Perquisites of Courts Baron, Fines, Amerciaments, or any Thing to Courts Baron appertaining, or any Profits, Commodities, Advantages, Emoluments, or Appurtenances,

Spiritual or Temporal, to the said reserved and excepted Premisses, or any of them, belonging, incident, appendant, or in any wise appertaining, of any Interest therein in Possession, Remainder, or Reversion, within the said island of Alan^ or any of the Islands and Dependencies to the same belonging; but.that the same, and every Part thereof, shall (land and be fully and clearly excepted and reserved out of this Act, and all and every the Provisions herein contained; and shall be, remain, and continue, veiled in such and the same Person and Persons, for ftrch and the same Estate and Estates, and to and for such and the same Uses,

Intents, and Purposes, as if this Act had never been made* and shall be holden of his Majesty, his bot to be held by Heirs and Successors, by the said Honorary Service ef rendering to his Majesty's Heirs and Successors, urual Honorary Kings and Queens of England, two Falcons on the Days of their respective Coronations; and at and under Service» the said yearly Rent of one hundred and one Pounds, fifteen Shillings, and eleven Pence, to be paid at the ioiY/ic s.° Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, in Manner and Form aforesaid. ,d. 5

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thafc this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and publick Act. taken, to be a Publick Act j and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and all other Persons whatsoever.

THE

O'

o

THE

s C H E D U L E

Mentioned and Referred to in this Act.

O

to

ON

ABSTRACT of the clear Revenue of the Isle of Man for Ten Years, from the Year 1754. to the Year 1763,

both inclusive.

g

CQ'

N

CD

Q_

o-

O

y

n>

CO

*754 *75< 756

1757

1758

759

1760

1761

1762 i?6i

Land Revenue clear Amount.

Clear Revenue of the Customs for imports.

Clear Revenue of the

Customs for Herrings.

Felons Goods, Waifs, and Strays, Forfeitures, Per-qu i fr.es of Chancery, Wrecks at Sea, Seizures, Fines, and Perquisites, out of th- Spiritual Court, Freedoms of Aliens, &c.

Clear Revenue of the Impro-priatedTythes

Clear Revenue of the Abbey Temporal-ties.

The Income of Lands in the Hands of the Lord of the Isle, including the Rent of Calf ip.

Total.

£->»37 & 9 9 i J.944 / 1 - 4 *55 *4 2 2 6 i 179 18 8 I2| »s 101 6 i 7 ,9° 5 *7 7

1,380 >3 2 4,968 I 5 i 167 1 8 46 7 i«S *7 9 121 *5 98 2 2 6,967 18 2 I

16 4»749 I 10 147 9 2 75 9 3 187 114 6 121 15 97 18 8 f>78s 4 S

1,424 l9 9 2 ?>z3< >7 2 136 4 8 103 3 5, >47 5 I 21 102 15 11 7>*7° *0 i

1 >395 16 4 5,180 2 3 ’ 14! >5 10 44 M «: 186 17 2 I 2 I »5 99 t 8 7,it° 6 5

7 8,082 18 l2S 9 2 68 *9 1 187 *5 121 >5 107 *9 1 10,091 (2 4

*’439 l7 3 4 7s°93 12 I 121 19 2 406 17 v 1 287 13 1 I 2 1 *5 us 4 2 9,6. 6 18 5

!t3 76 0 «' i ^54* 2 11 43 92 4 2 37 16 9 3*8 1 6 i 121 u 106 8 9 1 *,596 IO 1 i

S375 6 5, 6,391 6 10 90 9 2 81 -/ / 9 i 3*7 *5 4 121 >5 ,07 8 9 P,4S6 9 3 i

ivto *7 6 7,0’9 7 I 1 1 8 UQ 2 tO t 306 2 4 I2i 1; 107 8 9 9,2° 8 9 ‘

£ »V)8. 1 1 4l ' 1 |64,2i7| 1 5 n [1,258 1 8 10 11,042 3l 8 il2*3°7 1 1 4 il 11,* 17 1 »o 1 i,o64 1191 85,085 6| 6!

The whole Revenue of the Me for 10 Years, is £. 85,085 6 6 Shanks. £. 7 Shanks makes £. 6 British. So the Revenue for 10 Years, is, in British) Money, £. 72,930 5 7 which at a Medium of Years, is £. 7,293 06,) per Annum.

Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 27. 61

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to provide for the Administration of the Government, in case the Crown should de-fcend to any of the Children of his Majesty, being under the Age of Eighteen Years *, and for the Care and Guardianship of their Persons.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS your Majesty, from a tender Concern for your faithful Subjects, and anxious Desire

W to provide for every possible Event which may affect their future Happiness or Security, hath been See *4 Geo. 2.

graciously pleased to communicate from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, That your Majesty\ c. 24.

late Indisposition (which filled the Breatts of all your Subjects with the most alarming Apprchcnfions)

had led your Majesty to consider the Situation in which your Kingdoms and your Family might be left,

1 if it should plcale God to put a Period to your Majesty's Life, whilst your Successor is of tender Years; and that the high Importance of this Subject to the publick Safety, good Order, and Tranquillity, the Paternal Affcdion which your Majesty bears to your Children and to all your People, and your earned Desire that every Precaution should be taken which may tend to preserve the Constitution of Great Britain undisturbed, and the Dignity and Lustre of its Crown unimpaired, had determined your Majesty to lay this weighty llu fine Is before your Parliament; to whose most serious Deliberation your Majesty was pleased to recommend the making such Provisions as would be necessary, in case any of your Children should succeed to the Throne before they should respectively attain the Age of Eighteen Years; and, to this End, your Majesty was also pleased to propose to their Consideration, whether, under the present Circumstances, it would not be expedient to veil in your Majesty the Power of appointing, from time to time, by Instruments in Writing under your Sign Manual, either the Queen, or any other Person of your Royal Family usually residing in Great Britain, to be the Guardian of the Person of such Successor,

and the Regent of these Kingdoms until such Successor shall attain the Age of Eighteen Years; subject to the like Restrictions and Regulations as are specified and contained in an Act pa fled upon a similar Occasion, in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty your Royal Grandfather; and that the Regent so appointed should be assisted by a Council of Regency, to be established by Authority of Parliament: And whereas, in return for this Paternal Goodness, expressed in so early and provident a Care for an Event so truly deplorable, and being filled with the most cordial Sense of Duty and Gratitude to your Majesty, for the tender Concern and Regard which your Majesty has always, and now more cfpe- dally, demonstrated for the Happiness of your People, and the lading Security of their Religion, Laws,

and Liberties, we have taken this important Business into our most fei ious Consideration; and being justly alarmed at the unhappy Situation in which these Kingdoms and your Majesty's Royal Family would be left, in case it should please Almighty God to put a Period to your Majesty's inestimable Life (for the long and glorious Continuance of which we offer up our daily and most servent Prayers to Heaven) bc- fore your Royal Successor shall be of sufficient Years to support the Weight of Government; and being likewise thoroughly convinced of the Wisdom and Expediency of what your Majesty has thought fit to propose upon this weighty Occasion, are fully and zealously determined to contribute every Thing in our Power to the firm and laffing Establishment of the Protestant Succession, as settled by the Laws of the Land, in your Majesty's Royal Family, the auspicious Encrease of which we consider as the Bulwark of our Civil and Religious Liberties, and the Pledge of perpetual Security to the Laws and Conftuuti m of Great Br itain We therefore, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whensoever and as often as the Imperial Crown of this Realm shall dc- power veiled in feend to his Royal Highness George Augustus Frederick Prince of Wales, the eldest Son of his present Ma- his Majesty, »f jesty (whom God long preserve) or to any other of the Children of his present Majesty, now born or here- appointing, from after to be born, if at the respective Times of such Descent, his said Royal Highness George Auovjlus l‘mc 10 nmr» Frederick Prince of Wales, or such other of the said Childion succeeding to the Crown as aforesaid, shall be under his under the Age of eighteen years, such Person (subject to the Restrictions herein after-mentioned) as his si?n Manual, a present Majesty, by three Instruments under his Royal Sign Manual, revocable, from time to time, at his Guardian t«> hi* \Viil and Pleasure (to be sealed and depofued in such Manner and with such Persons as herein after-men- Surcctlbr, in case tioned) shall nominate and appoint, shall he the Guardian, and have the Care, Tuition, and Education, of Crown shall the Person of his said Royal Highness George Augustus Frederick Prince of I Paler, or such other Successor as hVc"iId«p"he-aforesaid, until his said Royal Highness or such oilier Successor shall have attained his or her respective Age under the of eighteen Years; and that such Guardian shall, till his said Royal Highness, or such other Successor, shall Age of i3 Years, have attained such respective Age, have the Disposition, Ordering, and Management, of all Matters and Such Guardian Things relating to the said Care, Tuition, and Education; and that such Person so nominated and ap- ^Manm! pointed as aforesaid, shall, during such Time as his said Royal Highness George Augustus Frederick Prince of meruof rhVrui-IFaies, or such other Successor as aforesaid, shall respectively be under the said Age of eighteen Years, and tion of the Per-no longer, have full Power and Authority, in the Name of his said Royal Highness, or such other Succef- son of such Mi-for, and in his or her Stead, and under the Stile and Title of P.cgcnt of the Kingdom, to exercise and admi- nory mfler, according to the Laws and Constitution of Great Britain, the Regal Power and Government of this Jhe officeoVrc-Realm, and of all the Dominions, Countries and Territories, to Che Crown of Great Britain belonging; gc, 0fCthe

and Kingdom j

62

C. 27:

Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

and shall ulc, execute, and perform, all Prerogatives, Authorities, and Acts of Government, and Administration of Government, which belong to the King or Queen of this Realm to use, execute, and perform, according to the l aws the.ecfj but in such Manner, and subject to such Conditions, Restrictions, Limitations, and Regulations, 'as are herein after for that Purpose specified, mentioned, and contained.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of being so nominated and appointed to be Guardian and Regent as aforesaid, other than and except her present Majesty our most Gracious Queen Charlotte his Majesty's Royal Consort, or her Royal Highness Au^ujla Princess Dowager of Walts* or other than and except some one Person of his Majesty's Royal Family, defeended from the late Kingmis Majesty's Royal Grandfather, whole usual Residencfc, at the Time of passing this fh ill have been, and from thenceforth, until such Nomination and Appointment, shall continue to be, iy Great Britain.

III. Provided nevertheless, That ic shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to nominate and appoint, in and by such Instruments as aforesaid, any Number of Persons, under the Restrictions aforesaid, (as to his Royal Wisdom shall seem meet) severally to succeed each other in the Guardianship and Regency aforesaid, by Way of Substitution, in case the Person or Persons full nominated and appointed shall happen to die, during such Time as his said Royal Highness, or such other Successor as aforesaid, shall respectively be under the Age of eighteen Years; but so as that no more than one Person shall at any one Time be intitled to such Guardianship and Regency as aforesaid.

irH tr> be either the* Qj»een, or Princess Dow-ige- Wales, cr one of the De-fcercUnts of the lat* Kii u, usual Iv rest ;ng in Gif-a: Britain.

A Nu.nber in tiiicccilion, by way uf SubfUtu* tion, in c »fe of Death, may be nominated to succeeH in the C uardianftiip and R egency;

but no more than one Person may act as such atone Time.

And any such Persons are disqualified to act as Guardians and Regents by Non-rtfiJence,

or by marrying a Pap, ft.

Instruments of Nomination to -be lValeiwith the King’s Seal; and the Seals of the Archbishop of Canterbury,

Lord Chancellor, and President of the Council; and to be severally deposited with them i

But upon the Revocation or Alteration of focn Instruments by the King $ or Death of any of the Depositaries, they me to be delivered up j as like wife in case of Removal of my of the said Ofn :ers of State j and on 1 he Ds-mise of the Ki.-.g, during h.r h Minority, the Privy Council isto allcm-b.’e, and the said

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person so nominated and appointed to be Guardian and Regent as aforesaid, shall be capable of succeeding to, or holding such Office of Guardian and Regent, unless the usual Residence of such Person, from the Time of such Nomination and Appointment, to the Time of his or her succeeding to such Office of Guardian and Regent, shall continue to be in Great Britain; and in case any Person shall become so disqualified by Non-residence as aforesaid, or in case any Person so nominated and appointed as aforesaid, who shall have succeeded to, and shall be in the actual Exercise of, the said Office of Guardian and Regent, shall not afterwards continue to be resident in Great Britain; or in case any Person so nominated and appointed to be Guardian and Regent as aforesaid, shall at any Time marry a Papist; then, and in every such Case, such Nomination and Appointment of the said Person shall cease and determine in the same Manner as if such Person were naturally dead.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said three Instruments of Nomination and Appointment being sealed up under three several Covers with any Seal which his Majesty shall think fit to make use for that Purpose, shall each be sealed also with the several Seals of the Archbishop of Canterbury for the time being, of the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper or the first Commissioner named in any Commission then subsisting for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, and of the President of the Council for the time being; and one of the said Instruments shall be lodged and deposited in the Hands of the said ArchbMhop for the time being, another in the Hands of the said Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper or first Commissioner for the Custody of the Great Seal for the time being, and the third in the Hands of the said President of the Council for the time being: And if his Majesty shall be willing to revoke or alter his Nomination or Appointment made as aforesaid, and shall by three Writings, under his Hand and Seal, require the said Instruments so deposited as aforesaid, to be delivered up to some Person or Persons thereby authorised to receive the same, then, and in such Case, the Persons with whom the said Instruments shall be deposited as aforesaid, and every of them, and in case of the Deaths of any of them, their Executors and Administrators respectively, and every other Person in whose Custody any of the said Instruments shall happen to be, shall deliver up the same accordingly; and in case the said Archbishop cf Canterbury, or the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or first Commissioner for the Custody of the Great Seal, or the said President of the Council, shall die, or be removed from their said Offices, before the Redelivery of such Instruments as aforesaid, the Persons so removed, and the Executors and Administrators-of th- Person so dying, and every Person in whose Custody such Instrument shall happen to be, shall deliver the same with all convenient Speed to the Successor or Successors of the Person so dying or being removed: And after the Demise of his Majesty, whensoever and as often as such Successor or Successors respectively shall be under the Age of eighteen Years, the said three Persons, their Executors or Administrators, and all other Persons in whose Custody the said Instruments shall then be, shall immediately bring the same befote the Privy Council then existing, which it is hereby enabled shall be forthwith, on such Demise, a film bled $ and such Instruments shall be there opened and read, and presently afterwards inrolled in the High Court of Chancery.

Infliun.er.ts to be there produced and read.

o^n^>n,tyf°f ^I And be #lt ^mther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the said Persons with whom MJiX. t^le Instruments shall be deposited, or any of their Executors or Administrators, or any other Person

inert*, without having the Custody thereof, shall open any of the said Instruments in the Life of his present Majtrfty, hisiVLjesty’sOr- without his Majesty's Order; or shall wilfully neglect or refuse to produce and deliver the same to the drr, orrefufirgto prjvy Council; every Person so offending, neglecting, or refusing, shall incur the Pains and Penalties of farlrtoTh^Pri- Prcrnun're inflicted by the Statute of Premunire made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of King Richard

vy Council, in-

the Second.

cui* the Penalties of Prenaumre, 16 Rich. 2. c. 5.

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 27. 63

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if all the said Three Instruments shall One of thefn-

not be produced before the said Privy Council as aforesaid; then any one or two of the said Instruments 1° ^odu"-" produced, fn ill be eft'cdlual to give such Authority as aforesaid to the Person and Persons iucccllively therein respectively named. p:ve Authority to the Person nominated Regent#

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Acts of Regal Power, Prerogative, All Aflsof Re-

Government, or Administration of Government, of what Nature or Kind soever, which shall be done or ^r^han* executed by any King or Queen so succeeding as aforesaid, under his or her respective Age of eighteen l)V conk-re. ani Years, during the Regency established by this Act, otherwise than by and with the Consent and Authority Authority of the of the said Regent, in the Manner, and according to the Directions of this Act set forth and prescribed; Rrpcr.t,declared fh.itI be absolutely null and void to all Intents and Purposes. vo,d*

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in order to atfift the said Regent in the Council of Re-A immigration of the Government, there shall be, during the Time that such Successor or Succdfors genev piUUifted respectively shall be under the Age of eighteen Years, a Council to be called Tloe Council of R>gencyy which TO a('u*lat Kc" shall consist of their Royal Highnesses his Majesty's Brothers, Edward Augustus Duke of York and Albany^ *>cnt#

Wiliam Hewy Duke of Gloucester and Edinburgh, Prince Henry Frederick, and Prince Frederick 1111 otny

ar.d his Royal Highness his Majesty's Uncle William Augustus Duke of Cumberland^ (the fJJ Prince Henry Frederick and Prince Frederick William to be Members of the said Council of Regency when they shall respectively attain the Age of twenty-one Years, and not sooner) and also of the Persons and Officers following; that is to say, The Archbishop of Canterbury ior the time being; the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper, or the first Commissioner named in any Commission then fubfiitin^ for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being; the Lord Treasurer of Great Britain, or the first Commissioner named in any Commission then fubfilling for executing that Office for the time being; the Lord President of the Council for the time being; the Lord Privy Seal for the tirrrc being; the Lord High Admiial of Great Britain, or the first Commissioner named in any Commission then fubfilling for executing that Odice for the time being; the two principal Secretaries of State for the time being; and the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Ring's or Queen s Bench for the time being: And if it shall happen that all or any of their,

said Royal Highnesses Edward Augustus Duke of York and Albany, Wiliam Henry Duke of Ghucr/ler and Khg^Brother* Edinburgh, Prince Henry Frederick, Prince Frederick William, and William Augustus Duke of Cumberland, Pr j‘;, uncle, shall depart this Life during the Reign of his present Majesty; or if any of them shall be nominated and shall die, during appointed by his Majesty, to be the said Regent of the Kingdom immediately on the Demise of his Majesty, his Majesty's while such bucccflor shall be under the Age of eighteen Years; then, and in any of such cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, by three Instruments under his Royal S?gn Manual, revocable at his Region*his Will and Pleasure, from time to time, to nominate and appoint some one Person, being a natural born Denufe; Subject of this Realm, to be a Member of the said Council of Regency, in the Room or Place of each and his Majesty, by every of their said Royal Highnesses so dying, or being constituted immediate Regent as aforesaid; which 3 Instruments said three last mentioned Instruments shall be sealed up and deposited in the same Manner, and with the same Persons, as is herein before directed, with respect to the three first mentioned Instruments, which shall contain his Majesty's Nomination and Appointment of the Regent aforesaid; and the Person and Persons aforesaid, and re-with whom the said three last mentioned Instruments shall be deposited, their Executors and Administrators, vocable at P.ea-shall respectively keep, dispose of, and produce the same unopened, in such and the same Manner, to such f°,e. may aP-and the same Persons, at such and the same Times and Places, and under such and the same Penalties, as are herein before specified, directed, and enacted, with respect to the said three first mentioned Instiumeius, the Council -° which shall contain his Majesty's Nomination and Appointment of the Regent aforesaid and such inftVu-

ncoti of Nomination are to be produced unopened to the Privy Council.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Council of Regency shall, from The Council it time to time, meet and fit as the said Regent for the time being shall he pleased to direct; and that any five to n eft a# rhc. of the said Council, hut not any less Number, being so assembled, shall be sufficient to act as such Council

of Regency; and all Acts to be done by a major Part of the Council so assembled, shall be deemed to be [ufccr/it*i» »ot Acts of the Council of Regency, excepting in such particular Cases wherein it is other wise provided by olherw i,r speci-Lhis Act. any prr viued)

may act.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Regent for the time being, before An Oath of Of*

he or she shall act or enter upon the said Office of Regent, or within one Calendar Month after, shall take to be the fallowing Oath of Office j that is to say, \fcn h>the

Regent i

I A.B. do solemnly promise and swear. That I will truly and faithfully execute the Office of Regent € X of the Kingdom of Great Britain, according to an Act of Parliament rrnde in rhc li rh Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act to provide for the Adminijlt at'nn f thm Go- ver twenty in uje the Crown should defend to any of the Children of his Majesty, bring aider th Ae f 4 eighteen Years% and for the Care and Guardianship of their Persons; and that I will administer the Government of this Realm, and of all the Dominions thereunto belonging, according to the Laws, Custom%

and Statutes thereof; and will in all Things, to the utmost of my Power and Ability, consult and mdn- tain the Safety, Honour, and Dignity, of his or her (as the Cije fioaih equit c) iWajdlv, and the WcIRrc of hi* Of hex (as the Case shall require) People.

Sr hip me GODd ’ ‘ And

64 C. 27. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

and by rach And each of the Members of the said Council of Regency, and their Successors, shall, before they shall Men-her of the respectively act in or enter upon their respective Offices as Members of the said Council, take the following Council, Oath of Office; that is to say,

Tyf.fi. do solemnly premise and swear. That I will truly and faithfully serve his or her (as the Case 4 1 shall require) Majesty, in the Office of one of the Council of Regency, established by an Act of Parliament made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act to provide for the Administration of the Government, in case the Crown shall defend to any of the Children of his Majesty, icing under the Age of eighteen Yearly and for the Care and Guardianship of their Persons; and that I will duly and faithfully execute the said Office, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act; and that in all Matters and Things, which shall he moved, debated, and considered, in the Council of Regency, I will truly and faithfully declare my Mind and Opinion, according to my Heart and Conscience, and the be ft of my Judgement; and will support, maintain, and defend the Person,

Honour, Crown, and Dignity, of his or her (as the Case shall require) Majesty, to the utmost of my Power.

So help mt GOD

to be admin! which Oaths shall be taken before the Privy Council then in being, who are hereby required and

ftrred by the impowered to administer the same, and to enter the same in the Council Books.

Privy Council, and entered in the Council Books.

The Regentand

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Regent for the time being, and Council are to every Person who shall be of the Council of Regency, by virtue of this Act, and of the Powers hereby

qualify them- given, shall be deemed and taken to be Persons having and executing Offices or Places of Trust within

fleet and Place* and take and subscribe such Oaths, m-tke and subscribe such Declaration, and do all such Atfts as

of Trust- are required by the Laws and Statutes of this Kingdom, to qualify Persons to hold and continue in Offices

1 and Places of Trust, within such Times, and in such Manner, and under such Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures,

and Disabilities, as in and by the said Laws and Statutes are required, the Regent ta

XIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the kirgand sub- said Regent for the time being, to take and subscribe the said Oaths, and make and subscribe such Declara-S^rane tion, in and before the Privy Council, and the Certificate of his or her having received the Sacrament of carrion before Lord’s Supper in any of the Royal Chapels, signed by the Person administering the same, shall be regi-the Privy Coun-ftered in the said Privy Council; and such taking and subscribing the said Oaths, and making and fub-cil j and recei- feribing the said Declaration, and taking the said Sacrament, shall be to all Intents and Purpose> effectual, ving the Sam- as jf t£e fame had been taken, made, and subscribed, in the Manner now required by Law fox the Qwali-ment m one oi gcation of Persons to hold and continue in Offices and Places of Trust.

the Royal Chapels.

Upon his Maje-

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whensoever his present Majesty (whom sty's Demise, God long preserve) shall happen to demise, leaving such Successor as aforesaid under the Age of eighteen nmi?8of hisSn*e. Years, the Privy Council for the Kingdom of Great Britain in being at the Time of such Demise shall, cefibr, the Privy with all convenient Speed, alienable, and cause such next Successor, intitled to the Crown of Great Britan, Council is 10 by virtue of an Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of King William the Third (intituled An AlifrUt meet, and cMz further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject) to be openly and such Succ<fior to solemnly proclaimed in the tifual Manner in Great Britain and Ireland \ and that all and every Member and pumiaoMAa ^em^ers of the said Privy Council, wilfully neglecting or refusing to cause such Proclamations to be made, 12vs3.c 2. upon shall he guilty of High Trrafon, and suffer upon Conviction thereof Pains of Death, and all other LolTes Pain of incurring and Forfeitures, as in Cases of High Treason.

the Pennies cf High Treason.

The Consent of

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the Creation of all Pccr-the Majority of ages of Great Britain or Ireland, in the pardoning of all Crimes of High Tffieafon, and in the Gift, Grant, five or more of and Disposition, of all Archbishopricks and Bishopricks in England ox Ireland, and of the Offices of Lord the Council is Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain or oJke^ood all ly*knd, of Lord Treasurer or Treasurers of the Exchequer, or Commissioners fox executing the Offices f Crca:ions, Par- Treasurer of the Exchequer, of Lord President of the Council, Lord Privy Seal, Lord High Admiral, or dons. Gift*, Commissioner s for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, the Principal Secretaries of State, Mafier Grants, D Oo- Gf the Rc> 11 s in Great Britain and Ireland, and of all the Judges of the Courts of King's or Queen's Bench and Iions^Ortlers* C°m,hon Pleas^ and Barons of the Courts of Exchequer in England and Ireland; and of the Judges of the Court Jr Authorities. Se/jion, Court of fujliciary, and Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and in the giving Instructions, Orders, and Authorities, for the making any Treaties with any foreign Powers; the Confcnr of the said Council of Regency, or the major Part of any Five or more of them so all'embled as aforesaid, shall be necessary to make the said Creations, Pardons, Gifts, Grants, Dispositions, Inflections, Orders, or Authorities, good and effectual.

The Regent dif-

XVI. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for sh ed to make the said Regent for the time being, to make War or Peace; to ratify any Treaty with any foreign Prince; w. o» Peace j or to prorogue, adjourn, or dissolve any Parliament, without the Consent of the major Part of the whole to pro- Council of Regency then in being, and in Great Britain, in case there shall then be an unequal Number in naie, adjourn. Great Britain > and if the Number then in Great Britain shall be an equal Nnumber, then, without the

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 27. 65

Consent of one half Part of the said Council 5 and that the said Regent for the time being, either with or ordiflblve the without the Consent of the said Council of Regency, shall not give, or have Power to give, the Royal Assent to any Bill or Bills in Parliament, for repealing, changing, or in any Respect varying from the com^t of the Order and Course of Succession to the Crown of this Realm, as the same stands now established in the Majority of the iljuftrious House of Hanover, by the said Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, Council r Nor (intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crowny and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the m*y the Regent Subject) or to any Act for repealing or altering the Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of King 5frem to^n^1 Charles the Second, (intituled, An Act for the Uniformity of Publick Prayersy and Admhujlration of Sacra- A^for akmng ments, and other Rites and Ceremonies \ and for establishing the Form of making, ordaining, and consecrating, the Succession to Bishops, Priefisy and Deconsy in the Church of England; or one Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of the Crown, as Queen Anne made in Scotland, (intituled, An Act for securing the Protestant Religion and Prcjbyterian Church established by Governmtflt.) '

or altering the Act of 13 Car. II. or off Ann*.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Archbishop of Members who Canterbury, or any other Person appointed by this Act to be of the said Council of Regency, in virtue or »ppwntedof by reason of his Dignity or Office, shall continue no longer of the said Council than he shall continue in vinueo^their *1 such his said Dignity or Office and his Successor in such Dignity or Office shall become one of the said pjgnity or of-Council; and that the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper, or first Commissioner of the Custody of the fice, are to be no Great Seal for the time being, the Lord Treasurer or first Commissioner of the Treasury for the time being, longer of the the Lord President of the Council for the time being, the Lord Privy Seal for the time being, the Lord Council, than High-Admiral or first Commissioner of the Admiralty for the time being, and the two Principal Secretaries Digni^or1 of State for the time being, so appointed to be of the said Council of Regency by this Act, fhalPcontinue in office. Great their said respective Offices, after such Descent of the Crown to any of the Children of his Majesty, Officers of State during the Time that such King or Queen shall respectively remain under the Age of eighteen Years, as appointed of the well after as before the Expiration of six Months from the Time of such Descent, unless removed by the Cou?c,» are *°. laid Regent for the time being, with the Consent of a major Part* of the whole Council of Regency then in offices^i'ncafe* being, and in Great Britain, in case there shall then be an unequal Number in Great Britain; and if the of the Descent Number then in Great Britain shall be an equal Number, then with the Consent of one half Part of the said of the Crown Council; or upon the Address of both Houses of Parliament, in whichjatter Case the said Regent for the dur!°g f"ch Ml-fime being alone may remove any of the said Officers against whom such Address shall be presented. Momh* after

unless removed by Content of the Majority of the Council $ or upon Address of both Houses of Parliament*

XVIII. Provided nevertheless, That the Archbishop of Canterbury for the time being, and the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King's ot Queen's Bench for the time being, notwithstanding their remaining in such Dignity and Office respectively, may be removed from being of the Council, of Regency by the said Regent for the time being, with the Consent of the major Part of the Council of Regency then in being, and in Great Britain, in case there shall then be an unequal Number in Great Britain; and if the Number then in Great Britain shall be an equal Number, then with the Consent of one half Part of the said Council; or upon the Address of both Houses of Parliament; and that any other of the Members of the said. Council not so appointed in virtue or by reason of their Dignities or Offices, may be removed likewise by the said Regent for the time being, with the like Consent; or upon the Address of both Houses of Parliament; and within two Calendar Months after such Descent of the Crown as aforesaid, in case any Vacancy or Vacancies of any of the said Offices shall happen then to be, and within the Space of two Calendar Months after every Vacancy which shall happen by Means of such Removal, or by the Death or Resignation of any Member of the said Council of Regency, or by any such Member’s succeeding to the Office of Regent, or by the Death of either of their said Royal Highnesses Prince Henry Freder.icky and Prince Frederick JVtUiamy under the Age of twenty-one Years, the said Regent for the time being shall and is required, with the Consent of the Council of Regency, or the major Part of those present, not being less than five, to fill up such Vacancy by the appointment of a new Officer, where the Vacancy happens by the Death, Removal, or Resignation, of one of the Members of the said Council so appointed in virtue or by reason of his Dignity or Office; or by the Appointment of a new Member of the said Council, being a natural-born Subject of this Realm, where the Vacancy happens by the Death or Removal, or Resignation of any Member, not being one of the Officers named in this Act, or by any such Member’s succeeding to the Office of Regent, or by the Death of either of their said Royal Highnesses Prince Henry Fredericky and Prince Frederick William, under the Age of twenty-one Years, or by the Resignation or Removal of the Archbishop of Canterbury, or of the Lord Chief Justice of the King's or Queen s Bench, from being of the said Council of Regency.

Archbishop of Canterbury and Lord Chief Justice of the King'* Bench, may be rerhoved, in like Manner, from the Council}

as also any other Members who are not conflicted such in virtue of tbcif Dignities or Offices.

Vacancies in the Council, by Removal, Death, or Resignation, or by succeeding to the Office of Regent, or by Death of the King’s younger Brothers, being under Age, are to be filled up within two months by the Ragcnt and Council.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained Rights of the shall takeaway or prejudice the Rights, Authorities, Powers, and Jurisdictions, of the Privy Council; but Privy Council the said Regent for the time being shall have full Power to summon and hold, or to cause the same to be rf1(t"cd ’ JTd summoned and holden, in the usual Manner; and any of the Members of the said Council of Regency gnay be and continue of the Privy Council also. mon an > hoid

the same as usual j and Members of the Regency may be also of the Privy Council.

66

C. 27.

Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

some nt then in ^ament frail be fren *n being, which shall have met and fat, such Parliament shall continue for three being is to con- Years, from the Time of such Descent, unless such Successor, to whom the Crown shall defeend as afore-tinuc fot three said, shall sooner attain his or her Age of eighteen Years; or such Parliament shall be sooner dissolved by u^efs the said Regent for the time being, with the Consent of a major Part of the Council of Regency, then fhlw befconJr *n being, and *n Great Britain, in case there shall then be an unequal Number in Great Britain, and if the ot^gej criuch Number then in Great Britain shall be an equal Number, then with the Consent of one half Part of the Parliament be id Council; and in case at the Time of such Descent, there shall be no Parliament then in being, which diifolved by the shall have met and fat, then the taft preceding Parliament shall immediately convene and fit at IPeJinunfiery Regent wrh and a Parliament to continue for three Years as aforesaid, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the lame Council -° but'ifhzd never been dissolved; unless such Successor shall sooner attain his or her Age of eighteen Years, or such Acre shall be no Parliament shall be sooner difiblvcd by the said Regency for the time being, with such Consent as 1 aft Parliament then mentioned, in being, which shall have met and fat, the preceding Parliament is to convene, and fit for three Years j except as before excepted.

Succrflbr to the

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That his Royal Highness George Augustus Minor*is nof to ^re^ertc^ Prince of Wales, in case the Crown shall defeend or come to him before his Age of eighteen or be married^u-0 any other of the Children of his Majesty, to whom the same shall defeend before his or her Age of ring such Mino- eighteen Years; shall not, during such Regency, be married to any Person whatsoever, without the Con-, rity, without sent of the said Regent for the time being, and of a major Part of the said Council of Regency then in Cunfent of the being, and in Great Britain* in case there shall then bean unequal Number in Great Britain and if the Council ^on Number then in Great Britain shall be an equal Number, then without the Consent of one half Part of the Pain of the said Council; and every Marriage so had without such Consent, shall be null and void to all Intents and Marriage being Purposes; and every Person who shall be acting, aiding, abetting, or concerned in obtaining, procuring, void, and the or bringing about, any such Marriage, and the Person who shall be so married to such King or Queen, Persons concern. un()er the Age of eighteen Years, shall be guilty of High Treason, and suffer and forfeit as in Cales of

ed therein in T' r ° 9 °

curring the Pe- H*gh TfCafoil. nalty of High T re a fun.

In Cases of an

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where the Members of Wc-s to the fre Council of Regency shall be equally divided in their Voices, the said Regent for the time being shall Council, nthcC may decide and determine the Question or Matter concerning which they shall be so equally divided.

Regent is to de- if such Regent shall be pleased to give his or her own Opinion thereupon, cide.

Where tht Con-

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where the Consent of a sent of a Majo- major or one half Part of the said Council of Regency then in being, and in Great Britain, is by this Act Part of the mac^e necessary to the Validity of any Act, Matter, or Thing, such Consent (h^I be signed by the respectCouncil, is made tlvc Members giving such Consent in the Council Books; and that a Clerk or Clerks of the Council of necessary to the Regency shall be appointed by the said Regent for the time being; and such Clerk or Clerks shall pro-Validity of any vide Books for entering the Atfts of such Council, and shall enter the same duly and faithfully, and shall Act, the Mem- keep the said Books, and shall be answerable for the same; and such Clerk or Clerks, before he or they .*" enter upon the Execution of their said Office, shall take an Oath before such Council, for the due Exe-i" f.|n the ftrne cution of such Office or Place respeiHvely.

in the Council Books. Clerk of the Council to be appointed by the Regent; and take an Oath of Office.

All Commtf-

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Commissions, Letters Patent, f>TafidtC’or° Orders, Matters, and Things, to be made, passed, had, or done, by the said Regent for the time being* change^the Or- elfrer with or without the Consent of the said Council of Regency, in order unlawfully to set aside* ders of Govern- change, or vary the Order and Method of Government, and Administration of Government settled by this mc»t fe tied by Act, during the Time that such Successor or Successors respectively shall be under the Age of eighteen *.*i Years, shall be absolutely null and void to all Intents and Purposes; and every Person advising, concur-thl Su'crtSor0* rin£’ Promoting* or assisting the rein, shall incur the Pains and Penalties of Premunire, inflated by the are declared void; Statute of Premunire.

and the Fctfons concerned therein incur the Penalties of Premunire,

CAP.

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 28, 29. 67

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to impower the High Court of Chancery to lay out, upon Government Securities, a Sum of Money therein mentioned, out of the Common and General Calli in the Bank of England belonging to the Suitors of the said Court; and to apply the Interest: arising therefrom, towards augmenting the Income of the Matters of the said Court.

WHEREAS y an Act of Parliament, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Geo. a. c. *4.

King Charles the First, intituled, An Act for Relief of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery,

it was, amongst other Things, enabled, That all the Money and Cath then depjftted in the Bcnk, or that should at any Time thereafter be paid into or deposited in the Bank, on the account of the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, or any of them, or by Order of the said Court, should be accounted and taken to be one common and general Cash, and should be promiscuously issued and issuable when and as the Court of Chancery should direct, for the answering, paying, and clearing, the Debts and Demands of any of the Suitors of the said Court: And whereas, from many Years Experience, it hath been found,

that there always hath been, and there now is, a very large Sum of Money, belonging to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, which lies dead and unemployed in the Bank: And whereas the Offices of the Masters in the Court of Chancery are very ancient, and are Offices of great Trull: and Consequence to v

the Suitors of the said Court; and the Profits belonging thereto are not adequate to the Attendance, Trouble, and Importance, of the said Offices: Wherefore, in order to make a further Provision for the t.

said Offices, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con fen t of cancer ?m-

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the powers to order Authority of the same, That out of the Cash that now ies, or shall hereafter lie, dead and unemployed in the pacing out the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, a Sum not exceeding eighty occasionsiiy, thousand Pounds shall and may, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court, to be made for that upon 9c*rrnf‘. Purpose, from time to time be placed out in one entire Sum, or in Parcels, on such Government or Par- g^ooooi^ojr of liamentary Securities, as in and by such Order or Orders shall be directed; to the intent that the Interest the*GeneralCi(h and annual Produce, arising from the Money so to be placed out as aforesaid, may be applied for the Pur- in the Bank fc*-poses herein after mentioned; and that the said Court of Chancery may, by Order or Orders of the said lonsing 10 Court from time to time change the Security or Securities on which the said Monies shall be so placed out ?,u‘tors of fIie as the said Court shall think expedient. fh°au"’ ‘hes°-

eurities as ftw)]

II. And be it further enacted, That the Interest and annual Produce arising from the said Securities shall, c*Pedlent» from time to time, be received by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* and placed to the ^c!veTani°ac! Credit of an Account to be raised in the Books kept there for the Suitors of the said Court of Interest £ "r

arising from Money placed out in pursuance of this Act; and that out of such Interest and annual Produce the Bank; there shall be paid, oy half-yearly Payments, by the Governor and Company of the Bank of-England, w* 2001, per by virtue of an Order or Orders of the Court of Chancery to be marie for that Purpose, the annual Sum of Ann*to bc two hundred Pounds to each and every of the eleven of the Mailers in Ordinary of the said Court of *VnOr. Chancery, free from Parliamentary Taxes; which said annual Sums shall commence from the fifth Day of of"

Janttary, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and that the Residue of the chancery, to Interest and annual Produce arising from the said Securities, shall be accounted for, and taken, as Part of «f the the common and general Calli of and belonging to the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery \ and shall bc «lcv«n Matters of issued and applied pursuant and according to the Directions of the before-recited Act of Parliament. commenceVrr%n

5 Jan. 1765 j the Surpluj Money to go to, and be accounted as Part of, the General Calli 01 the Suitors,

If the Who!*, or Part the S j n to plac-.-a cot 'o IntrrcO, ih 4,1 he warned, the Court may call in the same, C5Y. that thr Siutor* Demands may be paid.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That if, at any Time hereafter, the Whole, or any Part of the faiJSum of eighty thousand Pounds, shall bc wanteJ, to answer any of the Demands of the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery; then, and in such Case, the said Court may and shall direct the same, or any Part thereof, to be called in, or the Securities on which the same shall be placed to be dilpo cd of, in order that the Suitors of the said Court may, at all Times, be paid their respective Demands, out of the common and general Cash belonging to such Suitors.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for repealing the Duties now payable upon Raw Silk imported, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for allowing a Drawback on the Exportation of Raw or Thrown Silk to Ireland, and for prohibiting the Exportation of Raw Silk from Ireland.

WHEREAS the throwing of Silk ha$, till of late, been carried on to a very confiflcrable Extent p to this Kingdom and has employed many thousands of poor Persons of both Sexes, and all*01 ‘C 4 Age<: And whereas the Idlening the Duties now payable upon the Importation of Raw Silk, would be an Encouragement to the Did Business of throwing of Sill; in this Kingdom Therefore, wc your

68 C. 30. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765

Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, beijtg desirous of encouraging the Manufactures carried on in this Kingdom, do humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, the several Rates, Duties, Subsidies, and Impositions, payable upon the Importation of Raw Silk into Great Britain, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and Fixty-five, the following Duties shall be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in lieu of the said former Duties; that is to say,

from and after *4 June. 1765, the Duties now

payable on Raw Silk imported to cease;

and the following Duties to

uk* 'dace in lieu thereof$

viz, On Raw For every Pound Weight of Raw Silk imported into Great Britain, each Pound containing twenty-four Silk, 2401. to Ounces, the Sum of one Shilling and Three-pence.

me I'ound, 11. And for every Pound Weight of Thrown Silk imported into Great Britain, each Pound containing 3d. per lib. sixteen Ounces, the Sum of Six-pence; over and above all other Rates and Duties by any Act or Acts of silk i6°oz! to Parliament imposed thereupon.

the Pound, 6 d. per lib. additional to all other Duties*

The said Duties to be col levied and applied, as the Duties upon Italian Raw Silk, &c.

A Drawback of X s. per lib. allowed on Exportation of Raw Silk to Ireland; and the Whole of the additional Duty onThrown Silk.

No Raw Silk to te exported from Ireland, on Penalty of Forfeiture thereof, with the Vessel, and Furniture, &c.

and the Matter and Crew assist-to be committed.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties by this Act granted, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and applied, in such Manner, and for the same Purposes, as the Duties hitherto payable upon Italian Raw Silk have been raised, levied, collected, paid, and applied ^znd all Provisions of or in every Act, Law, or Statute, now in Force, for raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the Duties by this Act repealed, shall be in full Force, and shall be put in Execution, for raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the Duties by this Act granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same nad been particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, upon the Exportation to Ireland of any of the said Commodities, within the Time allowed by Law, for which the Duties chargeable by this Act shall have been first paid or secured, there shall be allowed a Drawback of one Shilling, and no more*, upon every Pound Weight, containing twenty-four Ounces of such Raw Silk, so exported; and of the Whole of the said additional Duty on such Thrown Silk so exported:; which respective Drawbacks shall be made or allowed according to such Rules and Methods, as Drawbacks are allowed by any Law now-in Force relating to the Customs.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted "by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and (lxty-five, no Raw Silk shall be exported from Ireland, upon Pain that the same, together with the Ship, Boat, or Vessel, upon which any such Raw Silk shall be exported, shipped, or laden to be exported, and all her Guns, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Customs or Revenue Ireland; one Moiety of all which Forfeitures shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall sue for the same; to be recovered in such and the like Manner as any Forfeiture, incurred by any Laws of the Revenue, may be sued for and recovered, in the Kingdom of Ireland; and that the Master and Mariners of any such Ship, Boat, or Vessel, wherein any such Offence shall be committed, knowing such Offence, and wittingly and willingly aiding and assisting the rein, and; being thereof duly convicted, shall be imprisoned for the Space of three Months without Bail or Mainprize.

---

CAP. XXX.

An Act for more effectually supplying the Export Trade of this Kingdom to Africa, with such Coarse Printed Callicoes, and other Goods of the Product or Manufacture of the East Indies, or other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, as are prohibited to be worn and used in Great Britain; for encouraging the Importation of Bugles into this Kingdom; for the better Supply of the Export thereof; and for discontinuing the Bounty payable in Great Britain, and all Bounties and Allowances in Ireland, upon the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, and Flour, from thence to the Isle of Man.

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS the exporting to Africa coarse printed Callicoes, and other Goods of the Product or Manufacture of the East Indies, or other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, which are prohi- bited to be worn and used in Great Britain, and also certain East India Goods called Cowries and Aran- goes, is very beneficial to the Trade of this Kingdom: And whereas it may happen, that the Quantity of such Goods imported from the East Indies by the United Company of Merchants of England trading thither, may not always be sufficient to answer that Purpose, and to keep the Price of such Goods in 1 this Kingdom at a reasonable Rate;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the said United

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 30. 6p

Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and their Successors, to import into Great M India Com*

Britain, in British Ships navigated according to Law, from any Part of Europe not within his Majesty's ?ID^ a"owedt# Dominions, such Quantities of the said Goods, being the Product or Manufacture of the East Indies, as bToadfu/haVf«-they shall think necessary for the African Trade, subject to the same Duties, and to the same Rules, Regu- printed Calli-lations, and Restrictions, in all Respects, as are prescribed and practised with respect to such Goods imported eoes, and other by them from the East Indies; so as Notice be first given to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, Good* of the or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, of the Quantities and Species of Goods so intended to be nuTa^ureToffhe imported, with the Name of the Ship and Mailer in which the same are to be laden; and taking a Licence Inudr£ss° under the Hands of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the said as shall be fit for High Treasurer for the time being, for the lading and importing thereof as aforesaid, which Licence they the African are hereby authorised and impowered to grant to the said Company, without any Fee or Reward, or any Tradci other Charge i any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. t^cP^lent’

Duties 3 and giving Notice to the Treasury, and obtaining a Licence from the nr.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said United Com- they not' N2ny of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, shall at any Time neglect or refuse to keep this Mar-

Market supplied with a sufficient Quantity of such Goods, at reasonable Prices, to answer the Africa n g^ents up ply of: Trade, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more such Good* at of them, or the said High Treasurer for the time being, if he or they shall think proper, to grant Licences reasonable to any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, to import such Goods into any Port Price*, the Tre*«i of Great Britain, from any Parts of Europe not within his Majesty's Dominions, in such and the like Manner, and under such Restrictions and Limitations, as are herein before prescribed and directed, with respect personsj ° to such Goods to be imported by thfe said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East v Indies, and that the Goods, so imported by virtue of such last mentioned Licences, shall be liable to the they paying oner Payment of one half of the old Subsidy granted by the Act of Tonnage and Poundage, passed in the of the old twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, which shall be paid down in ready Money, and ,rn~

shall not be afterwards drawn back or repaid upon the Exportation of the same Goods.; and such Goods Edging the shall, upon Landing, be immediately lodged and secured in such Warehouse belonging to his Majestyr, his Good*in the Heirs and Successors, as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any three or more of them for the King’* Ware-time being, shall direct and appoint; and shall not be delivered out of such Warehouse, otherwise than on-JjouleM £ut 19' Condition to be exported to Africa only, under the like Security, Regulations and Restrictions, Penalties ^ck^and^to* and Forfeitures, as East India Goods prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, are liable to byylve Security *» Law. Exportation.

III. Provided also, That in case such of the aforesaid Goods as are not rated in either of the Books of Unrated Good*, Rates, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, or in the eleventh Year of the imported byrir-Reign of King George the First, or in any other Act of Parliament, shall be imported, by virtue of the tuc of last mentioned Licence, by any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, except the said "te1s°n United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, the Price and Value of such un- to pay Duty aerated Goods shall be ascertained by the Oath or Affirmation of the Importer, by the like Rules, Regula- cording to the tions, and Restrictions, as are prescribed by an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of King Price and Value* George the First, intituled An Allfor rating such unrated Goods and Merchandizes as are usually imported into as this Kingdom, and pay Duty ad Valorem, upon the Oath of the Importer; and for ascertaining the Value of all puritan*to Act Goods and Merchandizes not inserted tn the former or present Bock of Rates; and for repealing certain Duties upon, qC09 i# Drugs and Rags; and for continuing the Duty upon Apples; and for ascertaining the Method ofadmeasuring Pitlures imported; and the Half of the old Subsidy shall be paid for such Goods, according to such Price and Value; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And, in order to promote and encourage the Importation of Bugles into this Kingdom, to be exported from hence to foreign Parts, and to ease the Merchants and Dealers therein from the Difficulty of paying or securing the full Duties for such Goods when imported for that Purpose; be it further enacted After 1 June, by the Authority aforesaid, That no Duty or Customs whatsoever shall be paid, or secured to be paid, for 1765> Bufd«3 any Bugles which shall be imported into this Kingdom, from and after the first Day of June, one thousand may be imported seven hundred and sixty-five; other than one half of the old Subsidy granted by the Act of Tonnage and olT*

Poundage passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, which shall be paid down in Subsidy, without ready Money, and shall not be afterwards drawn back or repaid upon the Exportation of the same Goods; any Drawback provided such Bugles shall, upon Landing, be immediately lodged and secured in such Warehouse belonging upon Exrorta-to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any three or J,°ed?nUi more of them for the time being, shall direct and appoint; and shall not be delivered out of such Ware- King^wTr#- house but upon the following Conditions; that is to say, If such Bugles, or any Part thereof, shall be de- house, and giv-livered for Exportation to foreign Parts, the same shall be subject to the like Security, Regulations, and ing freurity on Restrictions, as East India Goods, prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain^ are now liable to by E*poration; Law; but if such Bugles, or any Part thereof, shall be taken out in order to be used in this Kingdom, the i,nt if for Horn* Person or Persons so taking out the same, shall first pay up the Remainder of the Duties which would have Consumptim, been due and payable upon the Importation of such Goods into this Kingdom; and they shall, in all other the full Duty iv Respects, be liable to the same Restrictions and Regulations, as they would have been subject and liable to lhcnt0 bep.id, if this Act had not been made.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if such Bugles shall not be either exported, or if they ftailnoc the full Duties paid for the same, within five Years from the Importation thereof, but shall then continue and be exported, or be JCLIII remaining in the said Warehouses; in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commis-the f«11 Duty*

7 doners £Tid

Y ears j

70

Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

the Commissioners of the Cust^rils m y put up the same t»> publick Sale, and decH;& the Duties and Charges. Bugles imported before 1 June, 1765, for which Duties were paid, being duly ware-housed, are to be allowed the Drawback on £ipoitation,&c.

Bugles imported after the said 1 June, net being wauho'i ed, are to pay full Du *ies, subject to 1 he usual Discounts.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons having in his or their Custody any Bugles imported ocforc the said first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, for which the Duties have been paiJ or secured according to Law, who shall, oil or before the said first Day of June, bring and deposit, or cause to be brought and depoficed, such Bugles, in such Warehouse as shall be approved of by the Commissioners aforesaid for that Purpose, shall thereupon he repaid and allowed, by the Collector or other proper Officer of the Customs at the Port where such Bugles were imported, all the Duties which such Bugles would be intitled to draw back upon the Exportation thereof, in the same Manner and Form as if such Bugles were actually exported; and the same shall be liable to the same Rules and Regulations as they would be liable to, by this Act, if they had been ware-housed unon their first Importation.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of June every Person importing any Bugles into Great Britain, which shall net be ware-housed in the Manner herein before directed, shall pay down in ready Money all the several Duties due for the same, subject to the usual Discounts; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Commissioner of

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the the Cu*Jomsim' Commissioners of the Customs in that Part of Great Britain, called England, or any three or more of them. Licences at^ny* at any Time before the fifth Day of July next, but no longer, to grant Licence without Fee or Reward, Time before f in such Cases as they shall think proper, to any Person or Persons, to import into any Port in England July next, for from the IJlc of Man, in British Ships navigated according to Law, any Quantity of Rum, Brandy, Iron, importation Gunpowder, Cowries, Arangoes, and such Coarse Primed Callicoes, of the Product and Manufacture Mao ^fRum^ the Loft Indies, as are fit and necessary for the African Trade, which were imported into the said Isle of BrtnJy? iron^ Man before the first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; so as Notice be first given Gunpowder, and to the said Commissioners of the Quantities, Species, and Package of such Goods, so intended to be im-Bast India ported, together with the Maiks and Numbers thereof, with the Name of the Ship and Master in which ‘Good*, pro- t]lc fame are intended to be laden, and the Port into which they are intended to be brought; and Proof be fr; ca oTrdf* made by Oath of the Proprietor (or if the Proprietor be a Quaker, by his Affirmation) and by the Oath of which wltt im- One uther credible Person, of the Time when the Goods, for which such Licence is desired, were imported ported thete be- into the said lfe of Man. fore 1 March

S765; duc Notice being first given them of the Quantities and Sprcief, Sec, and Oath made of the Time of Importation.

Such Goods to pay only one half of the Old Subsidy j

and to be ware-

boufird upon Landing, and the Gunpowder secured.

Upon Entry of the Goods, the Licence *0 he cle-lijrered up, and frenlrrmttd to the Comminion-tn.

Conditions of Exportation.

Unrated Good* to pay according to the Pncc and Value.

from and after l June, 1765, the Bounty upo 1 Exportation of Corn. L-c. to the Isle of Man is to k discontinued j and me I He yf Ma k to be I9r

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Goods so imported, by virtue of such Licence, shall not be liable to the Payment of any Customs or Duties whatsoever, other than one half of the Old Subsidy granted by the Act of Tonnage and Poundage, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of Charles the Second, which shall be paid down in ready Money, and shall not be afterwards drawn back or repaid upon the Exportation of the same Goods; and that all such Goods, except Gunpowder, shall, upon Landing, be immediately lodged and secured in such Warehouses belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as the said Commissioners of the Customs shall direct and appoint; and that all Gunpowder so imported, shall be immediately lodged and secured in such Warehouse or Magazine as shall be provided at the Expence of the Proprietor of such Gunpowder, and approved of by the said Commissioners, under the joint Locks of the King and the said Proprietor: And upon Entry of any of the Goods aforesaid, the Licence granted for importing the same shall be delivered up tyr the Master, or other Person taking Charge of the Vessel, to the Colk&or or other principal Officer of the Customs at the Port of Importation, to be by such Officer transmitted to the said Commissioners of the Customs to be cancelled: And the said Goods shall not be delivered out of such Warehouse or Magazine in which they shall be secured as aforesaid, otherwise than on Condition to be exported to Africa only, under the like Securities, Regulations, and Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as East Indip Goods prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain are liable to by Law; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. Provided always, That the said one half of the old Subsidy for such of the Goods aforesaid, as are unrated in either of the Books of Rates made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, or in the eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, or in any other Act of Parliament, shall be paid according tonhe Price and Value of such Goods, to be ascertained by the Oath or Affirmation of the Importer, by the like Rules, Regulations, and Prescriptions, as are prescribed and practised by Law for other unrated Goods imported into this Kingdom.

XI. And whereas it is proper, that (be Bounty payable in Great Britain, and all Bounties and Allow- ances payable in Ireland, upon the Importation of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, and Flour, exported to the lfe of Man., should be discontinued ;* Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, no Bounty shall be allowed or paid for any Sort of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, or Flour, which shall be entered for Exportation from Great Britain to the Isle of Man; and that no Bounty or Allowance shall be allowed or paid for any Sort of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal or Flour, which shall be entered for Exportation from Ireland to the said lile; and that

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 31, 32, 33, 34, 35. 71

the said Isle of Man shall be added to and included in the Bond, which is now by Law required to be given eluded in the upon the Exportation of such Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, or Flour, to Parts beyond the Seas. on^Exporufion

cf Corn, &c. to Parti beyond the £eaw

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to prejudice Rights of the such Right and Privileges as are given to the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the E*n India Com-East Indies, by the Charter granted by his late Majesty King William the Third, in the tenth Year of his panjr reserved* Reign, otherways than is herein before contained.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be com- Limitation* ©T menced against any Person or Persons for any thin£ done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or De- AOion*. fendants, in such Action or Suit, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter General Iffis*. in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance, and by the*

Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants: And if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant'

or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy* for the Treble Coflu-

fame, as Defendants have in other Cases by Law.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties upon Wheat and Wheat Flour imported; and also* the Bounty payable on the Exportation of Wheat and Wheat Flour.

EXP.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to enable his Majesty, with the Advice of hrs Privy Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Wheat,

Wheaten Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, during the next Kecefs of Parliament, at such Time, and in such Manner, ?.s the Necessity of the Time may require, and he, in his Wisdom, shall think convenient and needful.

EXP.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to amend and render more effectual, in his Majesty *s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this &*6C7«.3,r.!8. present Session of Parliament*, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Pay* merit of the Army and their Quarters*

EXP.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay Sec farther and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain, called England, for one Year, beginning the G* twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and for punishing Militia Men Geo. *3! c. 3* for neglecting their Duty. EXP. 5 g*>.3. c. 36^.

6 Geo. 3. c. 30. 7 Geo. 3. c 15,17. 8 Geo. 3. c. so. 9 Geo. 3. c. 40,44.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on the Exportation of Coals; and of several East India Goods; and upon Policies of Aflbrance for retaining, upon the Exportation.

of White Callicoes and Mullins, a further Part of the Duties paid on the Importation thereof; and for obviating a Doubt with respect to Stamp Duties-imposed upon Deeds, by two former Acts.

Mof Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an Act made in this Session of Parliament, certain Annuities are granted in respect 5 GV*. 3.' c. 40* of several Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and charged upon the Fund commonly called SeebCto* 3*

Tire Sinking Fund: We your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards making good the Payment of the said Annuities so charged on the said.

Fund, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money,

herein after mentioned; and do most: humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted;. and be it*: enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, determined by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual Frbm and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefert Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of Tuncy one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, there shall be raised, following addi-ievied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every Chaldron of Coals, New- tionai Duties are* €a/Ue Measure, which shall be shipped for Exportation to any Part beyond the Seas, except to Ireland, the tom take place* Hie of Many or th t British Dominions in A meric a y an additional Duty of Four Shillings, and after that G*rso'npcnral| Kate for any greater or less Quantity, over and above the present Duties now payable for the same; which co*ii ftfppedVor-said additional Duty hereby granted, shill be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the same Manner, and Exportation to under such Restrictions. Penalties, and Forfeitures, and by such Rules, Ways, and Methods, as the former Parts be>ond D uties payable to His Majesty, upon the Exportation of Coals, are raised, levied, collected, and paid, as s«>^cept to fully, and to atl Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and ^Mar^and Bri-Forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present ti/KDominion*

Act. in America

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day *1- r*rCent.ad: tf Junt) there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and Vaiorcnroa all-

6 upon

72 C. 35. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

Wrought Silks upon all Wrought Silks, Bengals, and Stuffs mi^ed with Silk or Herba, of the Manufacture of Perfta mi Stuffs from china, or East India, and upon all Callicoes, printed, dyed, painted, or stained ther«yAvhich shall be shipped ad India s^nd for Exportation from Great Britain to anjr Part beyond the Seas, exept to Africa or the British Dominions on printed Calli-in America, a Subsidy of Poundage of twelve Pence for every twenty Shillings, of the true and real Value coes, of such Goods, according to the gross Price at which they were sold at the dales of the United Company

of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, if the said Goods were sold at the Company’s Sales, or according to the gross Price at which they were sold at the Custom-house Sales, in case the said Goods were

after Condemnation fold there; which Subsidy hereby granted shall be paid without any Allowance or De-io/Arc, C UC~ duftion whatsoever; and shall be raised, levied, collected, and recovered, in the same Manner, and by such ' Ways and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Allowances for Goods loft or

taken at Sea, as the Subsidy of Poundage for any Goods and Merchandizes exported from this Kingdom, maybe raised, levied, collected, and recovered, by any Act of Parliament now in Force, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present ACT Actional

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day "Clause to be in* of June, upon the Entry of any Wrought Silks, Bengals, and Stuffs mixed with Silk or Herba of the Ma-BrtCdtonbcheivenniI^a<^ure ^erfla^ China, or East India, or Callicoes, painted, dyed, printed, or stained there, for Expor-on Exportation" tation to Africa, or the British Dominions in America, the Bond which is now by Law required to be given of the said for the due Exportation of such Goods, shall be with further Condition, that the same shall be there landed Goods; and a accordingly, and not in any other Part or Place beyond the Seas; and to produce a Certificate within. Certificate to be eighteen Months under the Hands and Seals of the Collector, or other principal Officer of the Customs, due landin thC re^ing at the Port or Place in the British Dominions in America, for such of the said Goods as shall be thereof *"if in entered for and landed there, testifying the landing thereof; and for such of the said Goods as shall be America within entered for Africa, the Bonds so as aforesaid entered into, shall not be delivered up or discharged, until 18 Months. Proof is made by the Oath of the Master, Mate, Purser, or other Person having the Charge of the Ship or Bond given on Vessel, during the Voyage in which the said Goods were exported, that the said Goods, and every Part SrAfrlca^not foere°f> were fairly landed or disposed of, in or on some Part of the Coast of Africa, and that no Part of the to be discharged, said Goods had been relanded in any Part of Great Britain or the Islands of Guernsey, ferfey, Alderney, Sark9 till Oath be made or Man, or either of them, or any other Part or Place beyond the Seas, except some Part of Africa; and by by the Master of the Oath of the Merchant Exporter (if living) that, to the best of his, her, or their Knowledge and Belief, the due Landing Qooc|s had been disposed of at the Place or Places mentioned in the Oath made by the Master, Mate, thereof without Purser* or other Person, having the Charge of the Ship or Vessel, during the Voyage; which Proof shall be being reUnded, made within eighteen Months from the Date of each respective Bond, before the Collector and Coraptrol-and be con- ler, or other principal Officer of the Customs, at the Port for the Time being where such Bonds shall be firmed by the entered into, who are hereby respectively impowered to administer the same; and in case no such Proofs SooftoEemade ma^e as aforesaid, within the Time herein before mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for the

within°i8CIIU C respective Commissioners of the Customs in Great Britain, to cause such Bonds to be put in Suit, unless they Months; other- shall find sufficient Cause to forbear the same; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary in any wise wife the Bond to notwithstanding. be put in Suit.

After 1 June,

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day o (June* !,76Vd"*ddf’ foere foa^ be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every tak/pUcc ^kin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, on all Policies or printed, any Policy of Assurance to be made or entered into within the Cities of London or Westminster, and a flu ranee* or elsewhere within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, over and above all other Duties, an act-within the ditional Stamp Duty of two Pence; and for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Weekly Bills; pjece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written or printed, any Policy of Assurance to be made or within all other entere^ into within all other Parts of Great Britain, over and above all other Duties, an additional Stamp. Parts of Great Duty of two Shillings and six Pence.

Britain. See 7 Geo. 3. c. 44. 8 Geo. 3. 0.25.

Clauses and Pro- V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Regulations, Provisions* v,{*ons> f\C'in Articles, Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Distribution of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters XitingtotheDu-anc* Things prescribed, inflicted, and appointed, by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, relating to the tieion Vellum, Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper (not hereby altered) shall be in full Force and Effed, with rela-Porchment, and tion to the additional Stamp Duties hereby imposed; and shall be applied and put in Execution, for the Paper, extended managing, raising, levying, collecting, securing, receiving, and paying thereof, and accounting for the 'to the additional famej as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Powers, Regulations, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, utias ere ai. peria|tjeSj Forfeitures, Distribution of Penalties and Forfeitures, and other Matters and Things, were herein repeated, re-enacted, and applied to the said Stamp Duties hereby granted.

The counterfeit-

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall countering or forging feit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, to resemble any Seal, any ofthcStamp* Stamp, or Mark, directed or allotted to be used by this Act for the Purpose of denoting the Duties oy this Tng counterfeit or anV °foer Act of Parliament granted on Policies of Assurance; or shall counterfeit or resemble the Im-Stamps, or r,au- pression of the same, thereby to evade the Payment of any of the said Duties; or shall utter, vend, or sell, dulently using any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, liable to any such Stamp Duties, with such counterfeit Stamp, Mark, rthelcgil ones, is or Impression thereon (knowing the same to be counterfeit) or shall privately or fraudulently use any Seal, S^eYt«scie«Ut Stamp, or Mark, allowed to be used by this Act, relating to the said Stamp Duties, with Intent to defraud

73

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 35.

his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties; every such Person so offending* and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day > prrCent. of

of Junty there shall be retained out of tin Duties which shall have been paid upon the Importation of l)aT^s P,v" White Callicoes or Muslins, for such of the said Woods as shall be exported from this Kingdom without having *a°" m* been printed, stained, painted, or died therein, to any Parts or Places beyond the Seas (except to Africa, WhiteCaiUcse*, or the British Colonies and Plantations in America) besides the one half of the Rate or Duty commonly and Mufhn*, fee-called The Old Subsidy, which now remains, and is not drawn back for the same, the further Sum of two ore

Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of such Goods, according to the gross Price c ol

at which they were sold at the Sale of the United Company of Merchants trading to the End Indin; rcuinS'Vnthe which Sum of two Pounds shall be retained, without any Abatement or Deduction, out of the Net Duties E*potr»t':on granted on such Goods respectively by two several Acts of Parliament, the one made in the eleventh and theretf to Part* twelfth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for laying further Duties upon beyond Wrought Silks, Mullins, and some other Commodities of the East Indies \ and for enlarging the Time for purchasing certain Reversionary Annuities therein mentioned;' and the other made in the third and can PiAa-and fourth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne* intituled, An Act for continuing Duties upon Low Wines; t.tions.

and upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures; and upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chap- a a n & 1*

men, and upon Muslins; and for granting new Duties upon several of the said Commodities; and also w,n* 3 c. 3.

upon Callicoes, China Ware, and Drugs/ any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwith- 3 & 4 Ann*' Handing. c‘4*

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fuft Addition »o tfee Day of June* if any White Callicoes or Muilin shall be entered for Exportation, from this Kingdom to 0i£to bcmw,e any Part of Africa* in every Case where the Exporter is required by any Law now in Force to swear that of whUeCam-such Goods are not landed or intended to be landed in Great Britain, Ireland* the Isle of Man, or any coesand Mullins. British Colonies or Plantations in America, there shall also be added to and included in the Oath upon

fh# Debenture for such Goods, 44 or any other Place whatsoever in Parts beyond the Seas (except Africa)

And if any such White Callicoes or Muslins so entered for Africa* shall nevertheless be carried to, and L>ndJnfth€f* landed at, any other Place or Country in Parts beyond the Seas, the Exporter of such Goods, and the °?ods *c-Matter or Person having the Charge of the Ship or Vessel on board which the same were loadert and ex- *heiTentmd* ported, shall forfeit Double the Amount of the Drawback paid or to be paid for the same, and also Treble for j U Forfcj* the Value of the said Goods. tore of Doub'o

the Amount of the Drawback, and Treble Value of the Good*.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies arising by the several and These Duiiei, respective additional Duties by this Act granted, and also from such Part of the Duties as are hereby fee paid directed to be retained, and not drawn back on the Exportation of Callicoes and Muslins (the necessary ,nl° lbearEx,co ,i Charges of Management, and of raising, collecting, receiving, paying, and accounting for the said Monies, *1^"^ ronl excepted) shall, from time to time, be paid respectively into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Brid es rf ife< U'ljhnhisler, distinctly and apart from alf other Branches of the Publick Revenue, and shall be carried to PubJwkRcvc-and made Part of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fundy towards making good the Annuities n,vrd to b-payable in respect of the said Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, charged upon the said Fund by an Act of this Session of Parliament. " IC°* un

4 X. And whereas feme Doubts hive arisen, whether Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, containing Po- licies of Assurance and Charter Parties, are subject to the Stamp Duties granted in respect of Deeds, by two Acts of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, an J the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second / it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Stamp Duty of six Pence imposed by an Act made p,iicifj of AC-in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne; and also the Stamp Duty of one Warccjnd Shilling imposed by an Act made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King Gt orge V'hJ,ler the Second, cm every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which fhftl be ingrofteJ, written, or printed, in Great Brilairiy any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or othe r Deed, net ? pa thereby respectively other wise charged, shall be deemed and taken to extend to, and are hereby extended An.set. *.<.9. to charge every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall md to the 1 be mgr efled, written, or punted, any Policy of Assurance, or any Charter Party, made or entered into t>uy within Great Britain* after the said first Day ofstine. by

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Deed, Instrument, Note, Me- ws« ftuilfee moramlum, Letter, or other Minument or Writing, between the Captain or Mailer, or Owner of any dremr) a 1 h*r-Ship or Vessel, and any Merchant, Trader, or other Person, in respect to the Freight or Conveyance oftcrPuuy. any Money, G<*>d>, Wares, Merchandize, or Kftefts, laden or to be laden on board of any such Ship or Venft, shall he deemed and adjudged to be a Charter Party.

XII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall nt any Time he sued or p^ofecuted for env thing by him or them done or execute 1 in pursuance of this Act, or of any Matter or Tiling in this Act contained, such Person or Persons shall and nuy plead the General Coner*l KTuc. Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants: And if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fh til become non-suited, or discontinue his or their Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall huva appeared; or if

Vul. X. L Judgement

74

C. 36.

Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

Tjeblc Cofis.

Pr^rnbk, reciting Ch ile in Ati 2 Geo. 3.

C. 20.

RcJ'er to 5 Geo.

3* c. 34-9 Geo. 3. c. 42.

The Year, with respect to Certificates to be made by Lieuta* and Dep. Lieuts. of Countici, the JUjlitia whereof has not been duly raided, is to end on the *d Tuesday in May in every Year and the Certificates to be made to the Quarter Sessioaa next.after; together with the

"Where the Lieut. of any County /Kail be beyond Se?s, he is to appoint three or moreDep.Lieuts. who are to certify accordingly.

In Counties, See. where there shall he 00 Lieut, three or more Dep. Licuts. appointed under 1 he Royal Sij;n Manual, are to carry the recited Acts into Execution.

Where thcl.’fut. shall be beyoed Sens, and no Dep. Lituts. appointed, the Clerk of the Peace is to certify.

Elaine in Afl Geo. 3. c. 17.

Judgement shall be given, upon any Verdict or Demurrer, against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as Defendants have in other Cases by Law.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to explain, amend, and enforce, the several Laws now in being relating to the railing and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign* intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being relating to the raising and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England, it c is enacted, That in all Counties and Places where the Militia had not been raised by virtue or in pursuance of the former Acts for that Purpose, or by virtue or in pursuance of the said Act, the Sum of five Pounds should be annually paid, for and in lieu of every Private Militia Man therein mentioned to be raised within the same; and that his Majesty's Lieutenant of every such County and Place, or any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, at the Expiratioffof every Year in v/hich the Militia for such County and Place shall not be raised, shall, from Year to Year, certify the same in Writing under his or their c Hands; and also the whole Amount of the several Sums of five Pounds per Man, to be raised on such County not raising the Militia as aforesaid, to the Justices of the Peace, at their General or Quarter Sedions next held, after the full End and Accomplishment of the said Year, for such respective County or Place: And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether such Lieutenants are compellable to make such Certificates according to the Intent and Meaning of the said Act, and also at what Time each respective Year ends or is accomplished;’ for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Year, with respect to the Certificate herein after directed to be made by his Majesty's Lieutenants, or the Deputy Lieutenants, of each respective County, Riding, or Place, not raising the Militia, shall be deemed and taken to end and be accomplished on the second Tuesday in May in each respective Year and his Majesty's Lieutenants of every County, Riding, and Place, wherein the Militia shall not have been raised, or shall not continue to be raised pursuant to, and by virtue of, the several Acts of Parliament for raising and training the Militia of this Kingdom, shall, and they, and each and every of them, is and are hereby required to certify in Writing under his and their Hand and Hands yearly and every Year, to the Justices of the Peace of each respective County, Riding, and Place, at their General or Quarter Sessions which shall be next holden after the second Tuesday in May in each Year, that the Militia has not been raised for such County or Place for the preceding Year and also the whole Amount of the several Sums of five Pounds Man to be raised on such County, Riding, or Place, as aforesaid.

Amount of the Sums to be raised.

4II. And whereas it may happen that some of his Majesty's Lieutenants may be in Parts beyond the Seas, and thereby be incapable of certifying in the Manner directed by the said recited Act and this Act ; be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of his Majesty's Lieutenants shall be in Parts beyond the Seas, such Lieutenants, and each and every of them, is and are hereby required, by Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, to appoint three or more Deputy Lieutenants to certify as aforesaid; and such Deputy Lieutenants, or some one or more of them, for each respective County, Riding and Place, is and are hereby required to certify the same accordingly, to the Justices of the Peace assembled at their General or Quarter Sessions as aforesaid.

III. And whereas in some Counties there may happen to be no Lieutenants, by means whereof the several Laws now in being, for raising and training the Militia, cannot be carried into Execution ;’ fot Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in such Counties, Ridings, or Places, as may happen to have no Lieutenant, three or more of the Deputy Lieutenants in such County, Riding, or Place, to be nominated and appointed by his Majesty's Sign Manual, are hereby authorised and impowered to proceed, and do every Act and Acts that are necessary for the carrying into Execution the several Powers of the said Acts of the second and fourth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, and of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of his Majesty's Lieutenants shall be in Parts beyond the Seas, and no Deputy Lieutenants shall be appointed to certify as aforesaid for any County, Riding, or Place, the Clerk of the Peace for such County, Riding, or Place, shall, and he is hereby required to certify as aforesaid to the Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter Sessions assembled; and the said Justices of the Peace are hereby required to proceed on such Certificate of the Clerk of the Peace, in the same Manner as if such Certificate had been made by his Majesty's Lieutenant in Manner aforesaid.

V. And whereas by an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 36- 75

An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the raising and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England, it is enacted, That in all Cases where the Militia had not been raised, or should not at any Time hereafter

continue to be raised, for any County or Riding, within which any City, Town, or Place, should not

be rated to the Rate called The County Ratey the Payment of the said Sum of five Pounds per Man, upon the Number of Private Militia Men directed to be raised within every County or Riding, should be divided and apportioned between each respective County and Riding, and each such respective City, Town, and Place, within the same, and should be paid in the Manner directed by the said Act: And whereas

Doubts have arisen about the Method of enforcing the Payment of such Sum and Sums of Money, as

is and are in and by the said Act of the Fourth Year of his present Majesty directed to be paid by such

Cities, Towns, and Places, as are not rated to the said Rate called The County Rate! for Remedy whereof,

be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Sum or Sums of Money which ought to Where the Sum*

be paid by any such City, Town, or Place, not rated to the County Rate as aforesaid, shall not be paid payable by virtue

to the Treasurer of the respective County, Riding, or Place, before the tenth Day of September in every °A^ by any City

Year, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act of the Fourth Year of his present Ma- or piBCC not

jesty’s Reign, and of this Act, the Justices of the Peace for such County, Riding, or Place, shall, and they rated ro the

are hereby required, at their next Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, to issue out an Order to the Overseers of County Rate,

the Poor of each respective Parish or Place, within each City, Town, or Place, not rated to the County £al1 n°the Pa‘d

Rate as aforesaid, requiring such Overseers to certify and return' to the said Justices at their next Cimjl- ct^£.er

mas Quarter Sessions, the several Quotas that each Parish or Place (within such City, Town, or Place, Treliircr of the

not paying to the County Rate as aforesaid) pays to the Land Tax for that Year and such Overseers of County, the juf-

the Poor are hereby required to make such Certificate and Return accordingly; and upon such Certificate li«s 2t the;r

and Return being made, the said Justices so assembled at their Christmas Quarter Sessions, are hereby an- ?cft, on#’

thorized and required (by their Bench Warrant, directed to any Constable or Tythingman within such to The*

respective Parishes and Places) to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chat- PariffiOverferrs

ties of any Churchwarden or Churchwardens, or any Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of each and to certify to the

every Part(b or Place within such City, Town, or Place, not paying to the County Rate as aforesaid, ren- ChrirtmasQuar-

dering the Overplus (if any) to the Owners of such Goods and Chattles, after such Sum and Sums of te^fr, ns th'ir

Money, together with the reasonable Charges attending such DistVefs and Sale, shall be fully paid and fa- tasPtothe Land

tisfied; and such Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor shall be reimbursed the Sum and Sums of Tax; and ac-

Money so levied on them respectively, by the same Ways and Means as Overseers of the Poor are reim- coring thereto,

bursed the Money by them expended for the Relief of the Poor by any Laws now in being. a Bench war-

rant is to be

issued, for levying the Sum on the Churchwardens and Overseers 5 who are to be reimbursed the same in like Manner as the Poor Rates.

VI. And whereas it frequently happens, that Persons inrolled to serve in the Militia, inlist themselves where any Per-f to serve in his Majesty's other Forces, before the Time of their Service in the Militia is expired, to son inroiiedin the great Prejudice of both Services; and it is found by Experience, that the Provisions in the said Act the Militia stall of the Second Year of his present Majesty's Reign have been ineffectual for preventing this Practice for Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person who is sworn and inrolled to serve in the Militia, shall presume to inlist: in his Overseer of the Majesty Vother Forces, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, and of this Act, the Parish is to ac-Overseer of the Poor of the Parish or Place for which such Man serves, shall, as soon as it comes to his quaintthe Adju-Knowledge, acquaint the Adjutant of the Regiment to which such Militia Man belongs, with such In- UnClhcrcwuhi lifting; and such Adjutant shall forthwith apply to one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace; and it shall who is to apply and may be lawful for such Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place, for which any Person to a ji.nice for so inlisted was inrolled to serve in the Militia as aforesaid, to issue his Warrant to apprehend such Militia a Warrant > Man; and such Adjutant is hereby impowered to fend any Serjeant or Serjeants, Drummer or Drummers, and frrH in Pur-belonging to such Militia, to search for and apprehend, by virtue of such Warrant, any Militia Man so salt of tic of-inlisted as aforesaid; Ind it shall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for any fentk^» County, Riding, or Place, where any such Militia Man shall or may be found, to indorse such Warrant ^ckcu"* (upon Application made to him for that Purpose) and to cause such Militia Man to be apprehended and by any other brought before him, or feme other Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place, where such just.ee: Militia Man shall be apprehended: And if it shall appear upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby And be it ?nPcar impowered to administer) to the Justice before whom such Person shall be brought, that such Person was that the officer inrolled to serve in the Militia at the Time of his inlisting to serve in his Majesty's other Forces as afarc- Gliding*as rot said, and did not acquaint the Officer inlisting him therewith; such Justice is hereby required, by War- Jcq"1,oud w,th rant under his Hand and Seal, to commit the Person so offending to the House of Correction of and bc^ tuhcc odend!?* longing to the County, Riding, or Place, where such Militia Man shall be so apprehended, theie to be to be committed kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Months; and such Inlisting shall be, and the same fcarJ uiour is hereby declared to be, null and void; unless the Officer with whom such Person shall have so inlisted 1 ,r 1 f'1olths» shall, within the Space of twenty Days, pay to the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or and c^Jnl,f?,n8 Place for which such Militia Man served, the Sum of five Pounds; which said Sum of five Pounds shall [he officerV1* be applied in the same Manner as the Money directed to be paid for Militia Men so inlisting as aforesaid is, 51. to the Overby the said Act of the Second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, directed to be applied. her, wi bin 20

L'a\s, to be applies js by Act a Geo. 3. diic&ed.

C. 37-

Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

from and after 24 June, 17651 the additional Duties following t > take place j via.

On every Cwt. of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic imported, 6d, and for every Cwt. thereof exported from Great Britain,

2 1. IOS.

Duties to be paid down without DKcoint; and without Drawback i

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for laying certain Duties upon Gum Senega and Gum Arabic imported into or exported from Great Britain, and for confining the Exportation of Gum Senega from Africa to Great Britain only.

[Preamble.]

\\7 Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards railing, in such Manner as may be least burthensome to your Majesty's Sub- jeefts, the necessary Supplies for defraying the Publick Expences, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several Rates and Duties herein after-mentioned and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, there shall be raised, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties following; that is to say.

For every hundred Weight Avoirdupois of Gum Senega or Gum Arabic, which shall be imported into Great Britain, the Sum of six Pence, over and above all other Duties imposed by any former Act of Parliament.

And for every hundred Weight Avoirdupois of Gum Senega or Gum Arabic, which shall be exported from Great Britain to any Parts beyond the Seas, the Sum of one Pound ten Shillings, over and above all other Duties imposed thereon by any former Act of Parliament i and after those Rates for any greater or less Quantity of such Goods.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties hereby charged upon Gum Senega or Gum Arabic, imoorted into Great Britain, shall be paid down in ready Money without any Discount or Allowance; and shall not be afterwards drawn back or repaid upon the Exportation of the same Goods; and shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, in the same Manner and Form, and by such Rules, Ways, and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are prescribed or appointed for raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the Duty of Customs upon any Goods imported into this Kingdom, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force; and that the aforesaid Duty hereby charged upon f Gum Senega or Gum Arabic exported from Great Britain, shall be paid dtfwn without any Allowance or Deduction whatsoever, and shall be raised, levied, collected, and recovered, in the same Manner, and by such Ways and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Allowances for Goods loft at Sea* as the Subsidy of Poundage for any Goods and Merchandizes exported from Great Britain may. be raised, levied, collected, and recovered, by any Act of Parliament now in Force, as fully 16 all Intents and Purposes as if the several Clauses, rowers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures respectively lelating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Money arising by the several Rat^s and Duties herein before granted (except the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, recovering, and* paying, the same) shall, from time to time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, di-ftinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Revenue; and after satisfying the Charges laid thereupon by an Act of this Session of Parliament, shall be there reserved, to be from time to time disposed of determined by Parliament.

IV. And whereas it may be for the Benefit and Encouragement of the Manufactures of this Kingdom, to confine the Exportation of Gum Senega from Africa to Great Britain only ;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, no Gum Senega shall be exported from any Port or Place upon the Coast of Africa*. unto any other Place unless to Great Britain only, under the like Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as-are particularly mentioned in an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation; and also in an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-second Year of his said Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the planting of Tobacco in England, and regulating the Plantation Trade, or either of them, with rtfpcdl to the Goods in those Acts particularly enumerated; and all the Provisions, Powefs, and Clauses, in the said recited Acts, or in any other Act of Parliament now in Force, for restraining the Importation of any of the Goods therein enumerated to Great Britain, or some of his Majesty's Plantations, shall be applied, practised, and put in Execution, for restraining and securing the Importation of Gum Senega into Great Britain, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully as if the several Provisions, Powers, and Clauses, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in this present Act; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

and to be paid info the E*che-fj.itr di Hindi ft )*n all other Branches of the Publick Reve. BUC.

Ijoort.ition of

Gi'to Senrya

fric. con-f\,) H to Great

tr.Un* nlv,

truW-r i. if e Srcu-T'*-.' s ar. j Pen.il* rr(*5 as are Mention \1 in A 51 xi U.m. 2. ar.J /vet 21 C U, 2.

CAP.

A.D. 1765.

Ann6 quinta Georgii III. c. 38. 77

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to continue Part of an Act made in the Thirtieth Yev of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more the several Laws now

in being for the Amendment and Prefrvation of the Publick Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom j and for making further Provisions for the Preservation of the said Roads.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George Preimblf, reclu-

the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual the several Laws now in being, for the Amend- ‘jj*1CI*"fes ,n mer.t and Prefer vetim of the Publick Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, it was, amongst other *123° e3'a* Things, enacted, That during the Time of seven Years, to be computed from the twenty-fourth Day sec farther of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, the Trustees appointed or to be appointed by virtue 6O0. 3 c. 41. or under the Authority of an Aof Parliament made, or to be made, for making, repairing, or amend- 7*3 c 4°-inj. Turnpike Roads, or such Perf

and they are hereby required to dt the Ftiiies of the Wheels thereof

least, at the Bottom or Sole thereof, or for the Horses or Beasts of Draught drawing the same, one half reptjUdbf 7 more than the Tolls or Duties which are or shall be payable for the lame respectively by any Act or Ge9t 3*

Acts of Parliament made, or to be made, for making, amending, or repairing. Turnpike Roads; except Carts or Carriages drawn by one Horse or two Oxen, or by two Horses or four Oxen, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gage of six Inches at the Bottom, from Side to Side: And it is by the said Act recited. That there are in several Acts of Parliament made for making, amending, and repairing. Turnpike Roads, Exemptions allowed from Payment of Tolls in particular Cases in the said Acts respectively mentioned, and Liberties allowed in particular Cases to pay lesser Tolls than are charged upon other Waggons, Carts, or Carriages, pnfling through Turnpike Gates or Bars; and that itwculd tend to the Advantage and Preservation of Tu npike Roads, to confine such Exempt:on.%

Liberties, Privileges, and Advantage?, to Carriages with Wheels of the Breadth or Gage of nine Inches; it is therefore enacted, That during the Time art>resaid, no Person shall, by virtue of any of the fail Acts of Parliament, have, claim, or take, the Benefit or Advantage of any Exemption frooi Tolls, or Part of 1 oils, or to pay IcflerToll for or in respect of any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, rr lloif s drawing the same, than other Carriages of the like Nature ought to pay, unless such Waggon,-Wain, Cart, or Carriage, have Fellies of the Whcc’s thereof of the Breadth or Gage cf nine Indie, except as before excepted: And it is thereby also enacted, That, during the Time afiuesaid, it shall not4 be lawful for any Waggon or Wain, having the Fell cs of the Wheels thereof of the Bre a ch or Gage, of nine Inches as aforesaid, to pals upon any Turnpike Head, or through any Turnpike Gate or Ba*-, unless the same be drawn by Horses, or Bearts of Draught, in Pairs; provided,-that where there is an odd Horse, cr Peart of Draught, belonging to such Waggon or Wain, it should be lawful for such odd Horse, or Beall of Draught, to draw such Waggon or Wain, together with the ether Horses, or Heart of Draught drawir^ in Pairs; and previdtd, that such Horses, or Beasts of Draught, do not in the Whole exceed the Number of Horses, or Hearts of Di?"ght, allowed by Law; and that it should not he lawful fer any Waggon or Wain, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth, or Gage tinn nine Inches to pass upon any Turnpike Road, or through any Turnpike Gate or Bar, if the f,mc be drawn by Horses, or Hearts of Draught, in Pairs, and not by Oxen: And it is hereby like wile enacted.

That any Person driving, or causing to be driven, on any Turnpike Road, any Common Srage Waggon thereby prohibited, fh.il 1 be punished for the same by Indiftnnnt or Information, rnJ fhdl, at the Election of the Prosecutor or Informer, for every such Offence, be subject and able to the like Penalties and Forfeitures as the Owners of Waggons and Carriages hiving the bellies of the Wheels of KTs Preadth or Gage than nine Inches from Side to Side, are made subject and liable to, by an Act made in the twenty-sixth Ytarof the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the 2 '

Amendment and Preservation of the Publick Highways and Turnpike R:n:h of this Kingdom, and fir t!’C m>rc f.r\f ’

ejfftual Execution of tie Laws relating thereto; to be paid and applied to such Utes and P.irpoles, and r

to be levied and recovered, as is thereby directed; and that no Comp fition Hull be made for or in re-///.-«//}7 spect of any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, or Horses, or B ids cf Draught, drawing the Time, 3 04*. unless such Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Carriages, have the bellies of the Wheels thereof of the B.rndth or Gage of nine Inches, except as before excepted :* And whereas it will tend to the Advantage '<1 Preservation of Turnpike Roads, that so much of the said Act as is herein before recited should be $0 much of the fur* her ntiuutd; be it therefore enacted by the King’s niort Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad- AO hc»c vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this piertnr Parliament ..f "fird as h not £ mbled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act a? is herein before recited,’ fEftl (except only where the same is hereby altered or varied 1 tc further continued from ih- laid twenty-

Ge9,

o*. ticrwic a I cr* ..1 by Il*tn A^l,

1 n r

f ourth D*. v of June, one thousand seven hundred and lix:, five, for and during the Ti».*e or Te;m of u>r further i>rm

ot t Year*, to con- C!. jfr In thr re-

lic 1

1 to

ox rem

f v~n Years.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained fhft! extend, or be confi finer a Clause in the said Act, which cnacN, Tnsf, dwrir g the Continuance of ti.c iaiu rtet, the Tirltacs oud Atf.prar*-?; pointed or to be appointed by virtue or under the Authority of any Act of Parliament made, or to tic i-iucunr made,

C, $8.

Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

78

Exemption* made, for making, repairing, or amending. Turnpike Roads, and such Person and Persons as shall be

from paying Full authorised by them, shall and may, and they are hereby required to permit and suffer all Waggons, Wheel CarHa- Wains> Carts, and Carriages, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gage of nine g<*, repealed " Inches from Side to Side, at the Bottom or Sole thereof, and drawn according to Law, to pass through any Turnpike Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, within one hundred Miles from London, upon paving only so much Tolls or Duties as shall not exceed one half of the Full Toll or Duty payable for such Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Carriages, respectively, or for the Horses, or Beasts of Draught, drawing the lame, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament made, or to be made, for making, repairing, or amending. Turnpike Roads; but the said Clause, and every Matter and Thing therein contained, shall, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, cease and determine; except the except the Wheels of such Waggons and Wains shall be fixed thereto in the Manner hereafter described Wheels /h?ll he anc] directed. fixt in Manner herein describrd,

ifowthe wheels

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth are to be fixed in Day of June, the Trustees appointed or to be appointed by any Act of Parliament, paflbd or to be passed, CjdCu° nt'h ^or *he making, repairing, or amending, any Turnpike Road, or any Person authorised and appointed ExeUonfrom them, shall, during the Time aforesaid, permit and suffer all Waggons and Wains, having the Axle-FuilToiJ. trees thereof of such different Lengths, that the Distance from Wheel to Wheel, of one Pair of the said Wheels, be not more than four Feet two Inches, to be measured at the Ground; and that the Distance from Wheel to Wheel, of the other Pair thereof, be such, that the Fore and Hind Wheels of such Wag-cons and Wains shall roll a Surface of at lead hxteen Inches wide, on each Side of the said Waggons or Wains; and having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of nine Inches from Side to Side, at the Bottom or Sole thereof; to pass upon any Turnpike Road, and through any Toll Gate or Bar, upon paying only so much of the Tolls and Duties as shall not exceed one Half of the Full Toll or Duty payable, or by this Act intended to be paid, for all Waggons or Wains having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gage of nine Inches from Side to Side, or for the Horses, or Beasts of Draught, drawing the same, and not rolling a Surface of sixteen Inches, in the Manner herein before set forth.

Surveyor per- (V. And be it further enacted, That if any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, having rutbons^o re- Care of any Turnpike Road, shall, during the Time aforesaid, suffer to be or remain, for the Space ion forty-eight Hours, in any Part thereof, within twelve Feet on either Side of the Middle of such Road,

any Post or Pods, Heap or Heaps of Stone, Rubbish, or Earth, set up or raised in or above the Surface of the said Road, by which the Passage thereof shall or may be obstructed, impeded, confined, or straitened, such Surveyor or other Person shall forfeit and pay to the Informer the Sum of forty Shillings; to be recovered before one Justice of the Peace, whether such Justice be or be not aTrustee of such Road; and shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of such Person or Persons, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, which Warrant such Justice is hereby impowered to grant; And if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves, aggrieved by the Determination of such Justice, he, she, or they, may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, who shall finally determine the Matter, and allow such Costs, not exceeding forty Shillings, to either Party, as such Sessions shall think fit; in which Case no Certiorari shall lie or be brought.

V. And whereas the Trustees appointed or to be appointed, by any Act or Acts of Parliament made, ‘or to be made, for making, amending, or repairing, any particular Highways or Roads, may have neg-^pointed fur lebled, or may hereafter nrglccl, to meet on the Day appointed, or to be appointed, by any such Act or thrir fir(i, or ‘ Acts respecti vtdy, for their iirft Meeting; or to meet on the Day appointed or to be appointed by Ad-

»ny aHjournrd ‘ journment for their Meeting, or for want of a pioper Adjournment; by which Means, or some, or one

Me.tme; or for 4 ()f them, the Intent of the said Act or Acts may be frustrated ;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority tin Ur0" a^>rck^» That in all or either of the said cases, it shall be lawful for any two or more of the Trustees rtVe ^’T'inted or to be appointed by the said Abls respectively, or their Clerk or Clerks, to cause Notice in clerk, nviv V/titing to be affixed cn all the Turnpikes that shall be then ercbled on the said respective Roads, or, if

point a Meeting, no Turnpikes shall be then erebled, to cause the like Notice to be affixed, in the most conspicuous Place,

in one of the principal Towns or Places nearest to which the Roads directed to be repaired do lie, at lc. it ten Drys before the intended Meeting, appointing such Trustees to meet at such Place where the prfccdi ig Meeting was appointed to have been held, or at the Place directed for the first Meeting of such T:ulh‘.s, ifno picceding Meeting foal have been held; and the said Trustees when met, in pursuance of such Notice, shall and may, and they are hereby required to proceed to carry such Act or Acts into Execution in the same, and as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they might or could have done if no such Neglect had happened.

VI. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the second, intituled, /In Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the Publick High- ways and Turnpike Roals of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto, it is, amongst other Things, enabled, That it shall and may be lawful for any Waggon, or other Four Wheel Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gage of nine Inches, to travel, pass, or be driven, upon any Turnpike Road, with any Number of Horses, or Beasts of Draught, not exceeding eight; and for every Cart, or other Two Wheel Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gage aforesaid, with any Number of Horses, or Beasts of Draught, not exceeding five; without being subject or liable to be weighed at any Crane, Machine, or Engine: And whereas great Damage hath been done to the Turnpike Roads in many Parts of this Kingdom, by the excessive Weights which have been carried by such Waggons and Carts be it therefore enacted by the

mit

rtrudions to re main on the Roads,

forfeits 40 s.

Appeal may be made to the (purler Sessions.

Where T rulers /hill neg’s-ft to

giving due Notice,

Clmfe in A<5!

*6 Geo. 2. c. aS. exf reply repeated by 7 Geo. 3. f.41.

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 38. 79

the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said recited Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his fald late So much of the Majesty, as exempts such Waggons, Carts, and Carriages, from being weighed at any Crane, Machine, or Engine, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for ail Trustees appointed, or who shall hereafter be appointed, by any Act or Acts of Parliament for the Repair 3fc-« fr -m of any Highway or Highways within that Part of Great Britain called England, or for any five of them, t > be a: any or as many Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, which they have erected or shall erect for the receiving wei?lJcA*is rc" of any Toll or Tolls, or at any other convenient Place upon the said Roads, during the Time aforesaid, anut^Tr^fteci to order or cause to be built or erected, if they think fit, any Crane, Machine, or Engine, which they shall judge proper for the weighing of Waggons, Cares, or other Carriages, for the conveying of any toereft Weigh-Goods or Merchandize; and by Writing signed by them, or five of them, to order all and every or any Engine?, Waggons, Carts, or Carriages (although the Fellies of the Wheels of such Waggons, Carts, or Car- *nJorder j11 riages, shall be of the Breadth or Gage of nine Inches) which shall pass through any such Gate or Bar, a^wcnaa7oVh^s or which shall pass any such Crane, Machine, or Engine, to be weighed, together with the Lading to bc weighed thereof (except such Waggons and Wains as aforesaid, the Fore and Hind Wheels of which shall roll a thereat; Surface of at lealt sixteen Inches wide, on each Side'of such Waggons and Wains); and for them, or (^eptthofe. any five or more of them, or for any Person or Persons impowered by them, or any five or more of them, regulated to receive and take, over and above the Toll already granted, or hereafter to be granted, the Sum of /0VfP.

twenty Shillings a hundred Weight, for every hundred Weight which every such Waggon, together with and above the the Loading thereof, shall weigh, over and above the Weight of fix Ton; and also the Sum of twenty Tolls) 10s. per Shillings a hundred Weight, for every hundred Weight which every such Cart or other Carriage, toge- Cwt- for all. then with the Loading thereof, shall weigh, over and above the Weight of three Ton; and that the

Money arising from such additional Duties of tv/enty Shillings a hundred Weight, shall bc applied to the anj^os!prr°a

Repair of such Highway or Highways, where such Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, are or shall be placed j.Cwt. for all any thing contained in the said recited Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. c»rts above 3.

Ton;

to be applied to the Repair of the said Roads.

VII. Provided always, That nothing in an Act, intituled, €An Act for the Preservation of the Publick Act 14 Geo.

Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England/ paired in the Fourteenth Year of his late Majesty c*

King George the Second; nor in an Act, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in th *Yiu»*tl‘tit*

Fourteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of the Publick Roads, in u'gkway*, not that Part of Great Britain called England and so much of an Act passed in the Third Year of the b^ing

Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the AWi, h /-<-

Highways, and/or settling the Rates of the Carriage of Goods as relates to the settling of the Rates-puled by j Geo. of the Carriage of Goods, passed in the twenty-first Year of his late Majesty, nor in this Act, shall be understood to compel the Trustees of any Turnpike Road to erect any Crane, Machine, or Engine, for ).

the weighing Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages, having Wheels of the Breadth of nine Inches, or towk «/«r<-Weigh the lame. iatei ,0 lLA"

ivayir is rtyeaUa

by 7 Cto. 3, r. 42. Trwftcet not obliged to erect Engines in pursuance of the said Act«# for weighing Broad Wheel.Currugcs.

VIII. And whereas Inconveniencies have arisen from making Hedges or other Fences, and from where Hedge*

ploughing or breaking up the Soil of Lands or Grounds, near the Middle or Center of Turnpike Roads or Fences shall For Remedy thereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the passing of this Act, 1* made no Person shall make, or cause to be made, any Hedge, or other Fence, on any Turnpike Road not in-rqr,^n_ elofed on both Sides, within the Distance of thirty Feet, or plough or break up the Soil of any Land or p^VuoaJs not* Ground within the Distance of fifteen Feet, from the Middle or Center of any Turnpike Road made or ird >fci on both to be made within this Kingdom: And.if any Person shall hereafter make, or C3ufe to be made, any Sides; or Ground Hedge or Fence contrary hereto, within the Distance of thirty Feet from the Middle or Center of any Plcu?hed TurnpLe Road, it shall be lawful for the Trustees for the Care of such Road, or any five or more off/m-C.etthetnc them, to cause such Hedge or Fence to bc taken down at the Expence of the Person or Persons to whom Heee’sareto the same shall belong; and in case such Person shall neglect or refuse to pay such Expence to the said be uken down at Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the L*rc, cc or fame, it shall and may bc lawful for any one or morcjustice or Justices of the Peace for the County or the°wiicr>

Place where the Offence shall be committed, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals (which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and impowered) to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattles, rendering the Overplus to the Owner on Demand: And if any Person shall hereafter plough or break up the Soil of any Land or Ground within ar*] th* Person the Distance of fifteen Feet from the Middle or Center of any Turnpike Road, such Person shall forfeit ploughingwith-the Sum of forty Shillings; and it shall and may bc lawful for any one or more Justice or Justices of the l" l,c prohibited Peace of the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, upon Complaint to him or them made upon Oath (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and required road- Cl minister) to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattles, rendering the Overplus to the Owner, on Demand.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselvcsTVrforuafc*’*-aggrieved, by the Determination of such Justice of the Peace, he, she, or they, may appeal to the General *f>r41 Quarter Session of the Peace, w ho shall finally determine the Matter of such Appeal, and allow such Colls, not exceeding forty Shillings, to either Party, as such Session shall think fit 3 in which Case no Cirtisrari fluJl lie or bc brought.

c»

C. 39. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

X. And whereas the Trustees of several Turnpike Roads are not sufficiently impowered to punish € Nulances in the several Roads under their Care \ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees of the several Roads respectively, or any five or more of them, may, and they are hereby required, if they shall think fit, to direct Prosecutions by Indictment against the Offender or Offenders for any Nusance done, committed, or continued, in, to, or upon any of the Turnpike Roads under their Care respectively, at the Expence of the Revenues belonging to such Turnpike Roads respectively.

XI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done or acted in pursuance of this Act; then, and in every such Case, such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted within six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards; and the same, and every such Action or Suit, shall be brought in the County, Riding, or Place, where the Person, against whom such Action or Suit shall be commenced, doth ordinarily inhabit and reside, or in the County or Riding where the Fast was committed, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in every such Action or Suit, shall and may plead the General Ifliic, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this present Act: And if the same shall appear to have been so done 5 or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time herein before limited for bringing the same, or he brought or laid in any other County, Riding, or Place, than as afore-mentioned, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action, after the Defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon Demurrer, judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for Recovery thereof, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cases by Law.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for more effectually preventing the Mischiefs arising to the Revenue and Commerce of Great Britain and Ireland, from the Illicit and Clandestine Trade to and from the Ilk of Man.

Vn*nb\e, roclt.4 WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George IngCUnfe in Act < yV the first, intituled, An Act for the further preventing his Ma jeflys Subjects from trading to the JLalt Le 6°* Geo. V. ^nc^es undgr Foreign Commijpons; and for encouraging and further securing the lawful Trade thereto; and c. 4». 3# € for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet; it is, amongst other Things,

7 Geo. 3. c. 45,4 enacted, That no Commodity of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture, of tht East Indies, or other

5°» 4 Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, shall be imported or carried into the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey,

Alderney, Sarkey or Many or other Places in the said Act mentioned, but such only as shall be bona juUy 4 and without Fraud, loaden and (hipt in Great Britain, in Ships navigated according to Law, under the

Penalty of forfeiting all such Goods, or the Value thereof, together with the Ship or Vessd in which they shall be imported, with all her Guns, Tackle, Furniture, Ammunition, and Apparel, to be seized. c and prosecuted as in the said Act is directed: And whereas great Quantities of Tea and other Goods

of the Product or Manufacture of the East Indies, and other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hopey are imported from Foreign Parts, and landed in the Isle of Alany contrary to the said in rare recited Act of Parliament; which Goods, as well as great Quantities of Brandy and other Foreign Liquors, are brought from the said Isle of Man, and clandestinely run ashore in this Kingdom, to the great Prejudice of the Trade and Revenues thereof: To prevent which Practices for the future, and to render the said Act, as well as several other Acts of Parliament relative to the Trade and Revenues of this Kingdom,

mote effectual May it pLrease Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con font of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and f° ^ornmons> 111 this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Cuitamsind Day of funey one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, all and every Officer and Officers of

Exdfe 10 vift his Majdfy’s Customs and Excise, shall have the same Powers and Authorities for vilking and searching of and search Ships Ships and Vessels in any Bay, Harbour, River, Creek, or other Place, in, of, or belonging to, the said in the isle of Isle of Many as are by any Act of Parliament provided for such Officers visiting and searching Ships or an Tofei eco Vessels within the Ports or on the Coasts of Great Britain \ and to seize and secure, either on the Land tnban^Goods?" or Water* in the Manner directed or allowed by the several Acts of Parliament in Force in Great Britain*

any Goods which have been brought or imported into the said Isle of Many contrary to this or to any oilier Act of Parliament, or which shall be landed there, without Payment of any Duties which may be due and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors.

Prohibited 11. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of

Goods imported cfuney one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, no Wrought Silks, Bengalis, and Stuffs mixt with Silk Great Brhah) or Herba, of the Manufacture of Persiay Chinay or East India, nor Callicoes painted, dyed, printed, or stained there, nor any Cambricks or French Lawns, shall be exported horn Great Britain to the Isle cf may be seized; Man; and if any such Goods shall be (hipt or laden, or shall be concealed in the same Package with any and are forfeited, other Goods which are entered for, or are intended to be laden on board any Ship of Vessel bound from tether weh Great Britain to the said Isle of Man, such Goods shall be* forfeited, as well as the Goods contained in

toe ratka^c, 0 1

to

Twftett may profecQte far Nominees committed on the Roads.

Limitation of

General IiTut,

Treble Coll*,

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 39J 81-

the fame Package therewith, whether the same shall be (hipt or laden, or not j and shall and may be kized and prosecuted by any Officer of his Majesty's Customs.

III. And it is further enacted, That the Isle of Man shall be added to, and included in, the Bond which ifcofMantobe is now by Law required to be given, that such Goods shall be duly exported, and not relanded again in Included in the any Part of Great Britain. Bond tob€

9 on Eipartition

of such Goods from Great Britain.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of No Fortin TWy, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, no Foreign Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Strong Waters, or Brandy or s>rit« Spirits whatsoever, shall be imported or carried into the Isle of Man, but such only as shall be bona fide* inro'hTuidiflc, and without Fraud, laden and (nipt in Great Britain, and carried thither directly from thence, upon the bwt from Great* Forfeiture of such Goods, or the Value thereof, together with the Ship or Vessel in which they shall be Britaindireflly imported or carried, with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, to be seized and Forfeimreor prosecuted as is hereafter directed. Vrfl£l0 S

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Spirits shippedin Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, no Rum, or other Spirits, shall be shipped America to be or laden onboard any Ship or Vessel in any British Colony or Plantation in America* but on condition condifion<?d ?ot that the same shall not be carried to, or landed in, the Isle of Man* under the like Securities, Penalties, th^1 n*ofr and Forfeitures, as are prescribed and mentioned in two A<Sls of Parliament made in the twelfth and Underth°ePenii* twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, the former intituled, An Act for the tie* of Aits

encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation,' and the latter intituled, An Act for the En- i»Car. i. c. 18* 4 couragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trades, and for the better securing the Plantation Trade,’ or l5 Car* *c- 7* either of them, with respect to the Goods in those Acts particularly enumerated; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first: Day of No foreign Spi-Ji*ne, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, no Foreign Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Strong Waters, or nty°

Spirits whatsoever, shall be exported from the Isle of Man* or carried Coastwise from one Part of the said

Iste to another, in any Ship or Vessel of less Burthen than one hundred Tons; nor in any Vessel or Cask ccifhtise in tinder sixty Gallons (except only for the Use of Seamen then belonging to, and onboard, such Ship or Calks under Vessel, not exceeding two Gallons for each Seaman) nor shall any Wine be imported into, or exported 6° Gallon*5 from, the said Island, or carried Coastwise from one Part of the said Island to another, in any Vessel of ?r WlB4*to Calk that shall contain less than twenty-five Gallons, nor in any Ship or Vessel of less Burthen than one JJJK hundred Tons, upon Forfeiture of all such Goods, together with the Ship or Vessel, and all her Tackle, ried Ceiftwife, Furniture, and Apparel, to be seized and prosecuted as herein after is directed. in Cadet under

25 GalUns, and

in Ships not left than zoo Tons $ on Forfeiture of the Ship and Good*.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of July*Vtfc\% found one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, where any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, having on board any hovrring on the Goods, which, by this or any other Act of Parliament passed in Great Britain, are made liable to For- Coart, *c. with feiture for being brought or imported into, or exported from, or carried Coastwise in the Isle of Man; or ^nhoard^jG*oU* where any Ship or Vessel arriving from Great Britain* having on board any Goods prohibited to be °n °ar 9 exported from thence into the Isle of Man* shall be found in any Bay, Harbour, River, or Creek, of or belonging to the said Isle of Man* or at Anchor 5 or hovering within three Leagues of the Shores thereof; or shall be discovered so to have been (unless in case of unavoidable Necessity and Distress of Weather, of which Necessity and Distress, the Matter, Purser, or Person, having or taking the Charge or Command of such Shm or Vessel, shall, immediately after the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel into any Bay, Harbour,

River, or Creek, of or belonging to the said Isle of Man* give Notice and make Proof of before the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs resident at the nearest Port in the said Island) all such Goods, are liable to For-together with the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be found, with all her Guns, Tackle, Furniture, (eitLre, together Ammunition, and Apparel, shall be deemed and taken to be forfeited within the Intent and Meaning of with the Goodt. this and such other Acts, whether Bulk shall then have been broken or not, and shall and may be feizcJ by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of June, Vo t,e

one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, no Brandy, Rum, Strong Waters, or Spirits, of any Kmd impute 1 mm whatsoever, shall be brought or imported from the Isle of Man into Great Britain* or Ireland* upon any Great Brush Pretence whatsoever 5 and where any Ship or Veflet coming or arriving from the fai l Ijh :f ALn* and from lllc °* having on board any such Brandy, Rum, Strong Waters, or Spirits (except only for the L ie oVthe Seamen then belonging to and on board such Ship or Vessel, not exceeding two Gallons for each Seaman) or any other Go<hJs or Commodities which are prohibited to be imported from thence into Great Britain or with or

Ireland, shall be found at Anchor, or hovering within the Limits of any of the Porrs of Great Britain p chii»r- or Ireland, or within three Leagues of the Shores thereof, or shall he discovered (b to have lv?en, an J not '*'* f<Vind

proceeding on her Voyage, Wind and Weather permitting, unless in case of unavoidable Ncccfiry and viic

IDiftrcfs of Weather; of which Necessity and Distress, the Matter, Purser, or orher Person having or tak ing the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall give Notice to, and make Pi oof of, before the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs of such Port as aforesaid, (iinmeliatdv afterr the Arrival of such Ship or Vessd into the said Port) all such Goods, together with the Ship or Vessel in which

Licensed Goods found on board Vessel s liable to Seizure,

fere to be lodpeJ in fcke King’s

8z C. 39. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

re liable to be which the same shall be so brought or imported, or on board which such Goods shall be found as afore-so»feited, to- said, wjt^ a|j her Quns> Tackle, Furniture, Ammunition, and Apparel, shall be forfeited (whether Bulk fwilWU C shall then have been broken or not) and the same shall and may be ieized and sued for by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

Seizures where

IX. And it is hereby fAther declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Seizures made to be secured and In pursuance of the Powers given by this Act, shall and may be brought to any Port in Great Britain or prosecuted, Ireland, or into any Port in the Isle of Man, and shall and may be prosecuted in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any Courts to be holden in his Majesty's Name, or by virtue of his Authority, in the said Isle of Man, at the Election of the Informer or Prosecutor, and after Condemnation, disposed of and divided in the same Manner, and by the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as are prescribed and practised in respect to Seizure* made in Great Britain: And all the Powers, Provisions, Articles, and Clauses, in any Act of Parliament contained for the Indemnity, Ease, Benefit, or Relief, of Officers of the Customs or Excise, making Seizures in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, shall be observed, applied, practised, and put in Execution, as well with respect to any Seizure or Prosecution made or carried on in pursuance of this Act, as with respect to any Action, Suit, or Prosecution, that may be brought or commenced against any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, for any thing done in pursuance thereof, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same were particularly and at large re-enacted in the Body of this present A dl.

X. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of fune, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, if any Ship or Vessel liable to Seizure, cither for importing any Goods into, or exporting any Goods for the said Isle of Man, or for having any Goods on board, contrary to this Act, shall, at the Time of Seizure, be laden with any Goods which are not liable to Forfeiture, it shall and may be lawful for the Officer seizing such Ship or Vessel, to bring such iaft mentioned Goods, with the Vessel in which the same shall be landed as aforesaid, to Great Britain or Ireland or into any of the Ports of the said Isle of Man, and to secure such Goods in his Majesty's Warehouses until such Time as the Owner or Proprietor of such Goods, or the Master of the Vessel, or some other Person duly cY.r£"fC,'lin ^thorized by Letter of Attorney from such Owner or Proprietor, attested by a Notary Public in the usual lime > Form, shall apply for the same to the respective Commissioners of the Customs or Excise at London or Edin-

' ~ ibtirgb'i or to the Commissioners of the Revenue at Dublin, or to the Collector or other Principal Officer of the Customs or Excise by whom the Goods shall be secured; and such Goods shall be thereupon delivered to the Person so applying, to be disposed of as by Law he may, upon giving a Receipt for the same;, and the Officer seizing such Ship or Vessel, or any Person acting in his Aid or Assistance, or in securrng such Goods, shall not be liable to any Action, Suit, or Prosecution, on account of the Stoppage or Detention of such Goods.

XL. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That in case no Application shall be made for such Goods as aforesaid, within the Space of twenty Days after the same shall be secured in his Majesty's Warehouse, the said respective Commissioners of the Customs or Excise in this Kingdom, or the Commis-ihe Good«re to sioners of the Revenue in Ireland, shall, with all convenient Speed, cause ;he Name or Description of the be advertised $ Vessel on board which such Goods were laden, with the Names of the Master or Commander thereof,.and of the Officer by whom {he was seized, and the Port to which she was brought, to be published for three several Weeks successively in the London Gazette, if such Goods shall be secured in any Port of England, and in any publick News Paper printed at Edinburgh, if the Goods shall be secured in Scotland > and in the Dublin Gazette, if the said Goods shall be secured in any Port within the Kingdom of Ireland; and if it shall appear to the said respective Commissioners, by any Papers on board the VtflefJ to whom the said Goods nd Notice sent are consigned, the said respective Commissioners shall cause the like Notice to be transmitted to such Con-to the Consignee, signee, by the Common Post; and in case the said Goods shall be brought to the said Isle of Man, and fe- nown 5 cured there, the Collector, or other Principal Officer of the Customs or Excise, by whom the same shall be secured, shall cause the like Notice to be affixed to the Castle in Castle Town, and to the publick Market-h°use in the Town of Douglas; and if no Application shall be made as aforesaid, for such Goods, within the Space of six Months after such Notice has been given, published, and transmitted, in the Manner before directed, it shall and may be lawful for the said respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain, and the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, and the Collector or other Principal Officer of the Customs or Excise by whom the said Goods are secured in the Isle of Man, to cause the said Goods to be publickly sold by Auction,'.or Inch of Candle, to the best Advantage, and to apply the Produce thereof, first, to or towards the Charges of Warehouse Room, and other Charges that shall arise thereon; next, to the Customs and Duties that shall or may be due and payable for such Goods; and the Overplus (if any) to the Proprietor or other Person authorised to receive the same.

XII. Provided always, That in case the said Goods, or any Part thereof, shall be perishable in their Nature, it shall and may be lawful for the said respective Commissioners and Officers aforesaid, to cause the same to be forthwith fold, and the Produce disposed of and applied in the Manner herein before directed.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, for every Ship or Vessel that shall set fail out of or from Great Britain or Ireland\ for any Part of Africa, or any of his Majesty's Dominions out of this Realm, fuf-

to give Bead and c,ent Bond shall be given, with one Surety besides the Master, to the Collector or other Principal Officer SuxttyM the Customs of the Port or Place from whence the said Ship or Vessel shall depart, to the Value of one thousand Pounds, if the said Ship or Vessel shall he of lese Burthen than one hundred Tons, and of the Sum of

and41te Officer it indtdmi4*d#

If ho Claim be made within ao Days,

ed within 6 Months,

they are to be

publickly foH, and the Duties and Charecs to be paid thereout.

Where the Goods shall be perishable, they may be fold forthwith, ▼eflels failing from Great Britain or Ireland, for Africa, &c.

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III.

G. 39.

83

of two thousand Poitads, if the Ship shall be of greater Burthen, with Condition that such Ship or Vessel conditioned not shall nor* during the Course of the Voyage, take on board any Stores, Goods, or Merchandizes whatsoever, take inQany at the Isle of Man, nor out of or from any Ship, Vessel, or Boat at Sea or elsewhere, any Stores, Goods, or Scot’*" Merchandizes, which shall have been brought from thence; which Bond shall continue in Force for one M,n> norc(>.,t Year from and after the Completion of the Voyage; and in case no Fraud shall appear within that Time, of any vr(ui it shall and may be lawful for the respective Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Great Britain, or from thence, the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, or any three or more of them, to direct the said Bond to be delivered up.

XIV. And it is hereby farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of Pcn»lry °;

one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, all Officers aftim* in the Execution of this Act shall be \£n

subject to the same Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, for any Corruptions, Frauds, Connivances, Con-ceaiments, or collusive Agreements, in Breach of their Duty, as they would be liable to if such Offences non, in the 1 xc-were committed in Great Britain: And that every Person who shall give or offer to give any Bribe to such cution of their Officer or Officers; or shall make any collusive Agreement with him or them; or who shall any wife ob- ,)u7> *n 1 , in ffnift, molcft, or assault, maim, or wound, any such Officer or Officers, or any other Person ailing in their Aid and Assistance, in the due Execution of their Duty \ or who shall be assisting or otherwise con- firing or Vf-cerned either in the unffiipping, landing, or receiving, any Goods subject to the Payment of Duties, faulting thru without paying the same, or any Goods prohibited to be imported into the said Isle of Man, or in shipping or artin.ng »n or loading outwards any Goods prohibited to be exported from thence, shall, in caen and every such Case, R,nnins or be subject to the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are provided by any Act of Parliament for the like Offences in Great Britain; and every such Offence and Offences shall and may be inquired of, exa- Count fortryirg mined, tried, and determined, in any County within this Kingdom of Ireland, in such Manner and Form, and Punish, ni tod by the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as if the same Offence had been therein committed; 0‘lcuJtr3* or in any Courts to be holden in his Majesty's Name, or by virtue of his Authority, in the said Isle of Man, according to the usual Course of Proceedings in such Courts, at the Election of the respective Commissioners of the Customs or Excise in Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, under whose Directions any Suit, Indictment, or Prosecution, shall be commenced and carried on; and in case any Suit, Indictment, or Prosecution, shall be commenced in pursuance of this Act, in any of the Courts in Great Britain or Ireland, the like Process shall and may issue thereupon as would have issued if the said Offence had been therein committed, and shall and may be directed to such Person or Persons as usuallr and ordinarily execute Process issuing out of the Courts of Justice in the said Isle of Man; and the same shall and may be executed by such Person or Persons in any Part of the said Isle of Man, or on board any Ship, Vessd, or Boat, being in the Bay, Harbour, River, or Creek, of or belonging to the said Isle of Man, or within three Leagues of the Shores thereof; and the Offender or Offenders mall give the like Bail and Security for his and their Appearance, and to answer the Forfeiture and Penalties incurred for such Offence or Offences, in the same Manner and according to the usual Course of proceeding upon such Process in Great Britain or Ireland respectively; and every Person residing or being in the said Isle of Man, who shall be there served with any Process of Subpoena, issuing out of any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster% Edinburgh, or Dublin, requiring such Person to appear in the said Courts respectively, either to answer any Information, Indictment, Bill, or Complaint, therein exhibited, or to give Evidence upon the Trial of any Cause therein depending, shall be compelled to appear or attend as required by the said Sub-under the same Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person would incur and be liable to for refufm? or neglecting to appear or attend, if lie or they had been served with such Process in Great Britain or Ireland respectively; which Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, the said respective Courts are hereby authorised and impowered to inflict accordingly; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons Penalty of in-who, from and after the said first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, shall by way of |"r,n* lJ* Insurance, or otherwise, undertake or agree that any Goods or Commodities shall be carried to, or landed ancVof G cod ft® in the Isle of Man, or brought from thence or landed in Great Britain or Ireland, contrary to the true Intent or from the said and Meaning of this or any other Act of Parliament made in Great Britain or Ireland, or who shall pay, or Idaad. agree to pay, any Sum or Sums of Money, for the insuring, conveying, or delivering, of such Goods, (nail,

Rjr each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds; one Moiety of which Forfeiture shall be to the U(e of his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise as shall prosecute for the same; to be sued for and recovered in like Manner and Form as any other Forfeitures and Penalties are by this Act recoverable.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Insurer, Conveyer or Ma- Insurer, Convey, iiager, of or in such Fraud, shall, within the Space of six Months after such Transaction or Agreement,0T

full diltover the same to the Commissioners of the Customs or Excise in England or Scotland, or to the Com- differing he mi dinners of the Revenue in Ireland, he shall not only keep the Insurance Money or Premium given him, frfrrc, j, intitM and be discharged of the Penalties to which he is liable by reason of such Offence, but shall have, to his 10 the info ranee own Use, one Moiety of the Forfeiture which shall be recovered from the Party making such Insurance or Money, and a Agreement; and in case the Party or Panics insured shall, within the like Space of six Months, first make lhc

Discovery thereof in the Manner before mentioned, he or they so discovering shall recover back such Infu- infared ranee Money or Premium as he or they hath or have paid upon such Insurance or Agreement, and shall discoverinj,i»in-Ka\c, to his and their own Use, one Moiety of the Forfeiture which shall be recovered from such Insurer, titled to recover Conveyer, or Manager, as aforesaid, and shall be clearly acquitted and discharged of the Penalty hereby the ,nfjrarKC in*pOled upon him or them. Money, and a

Mo’ctv of the

A Pi ForfeitW®.

84 C. 404

Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

CAP. XL.

An Act for granting to his Majesty, a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament i for allowing to the Receivers General of the Duties on Offices and Employments in Scotland a Reward for their Trouble; and for allowing further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's 010ft dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament t£-t Oeo c to * sembled, towards railing the necessary Supplies which we have chearfully granted to yotir Majesty

40. ° 3 ’‘ in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the Sum herein after

7 Geo. j. e. »8, mentioned and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted 54- by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

[Preamble.]

See farther

3*

the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the current Year; to be issued by the Treasury accordingly.

Treasury im-

3. c. 30, 'j emporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That 9 Geo. 3. c. 34, ky or out of such Monies as shall, from time to time, be and remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of 2,100*000 U 34* the Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus Monies, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called Tb* granted out of Sinking Fund, after paying or reserving hifficient to pay all such Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, there shall and may be issued and applied for and towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nve, a Sum not exceeding two million and one hundred thousand Pounds; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Trea-fiirer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, are hereby authorised and impowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

II. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners of his powered to raise Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or the said Sum, or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall think it adviseable to raise the said Sum by Loan*ortwo m^on and one hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in chequer Bills, on Manner herein after mentioned, that it shall and may be lawful to or for any Person or Persons, Natives the Credit of the or Foreigners, Bodies Politick or Corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty, at the Receipt of his Ma-Sinking Fund; jesty’s Exchequer, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the said Sum of two million and one hundred thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the said Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, or other Revenues composing the oinking Fund, and to have and receive Interest for the Forbearance of the Money lent, so as such Loans be allowed to be madefy the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or mo-e'of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners for the time being, who are hereby authorised to issue their Warrants for that Purpose as fast as such Loans shall be wanted for the Publick Service; and moreover, that no Money to be lent upon the Security of this Act shall be rated or assessed to any Tax or Assessment whatsoever.

»nd to (trike

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall lend any Money upon Lth OrdeMfor* Credit of this Act as aforesaid, and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall immediately Repayment of have a Tally of Loan struck for the same, and an Order for his, her, or their Repayment, bearing the same Date with his, her, or their Tally; in or upon which Order shall be also contained a Warrant for Payment of Interest for the Forbearance thereof, and to be paid every three Months, until the Repayment of the Principal; and all such Orders for Repayment of Money so to be lent, shall be registered in Course, according to the Dates respectively; and that all and every Person and Persons shall be paid in Course, according as their Orders shall stand registered in the said Register Books, so as the Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, who shall have his, her, or their Order or Orders, first entered in the said Books of Register, shall be taken and accounted to be the first Person or Persons to be paid out of the said Surplusses, Excesses, or other Revenues; and he, she, or they, who shall have his, her, or their Order or Orders next entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the f'econd

Person to be paid, and so successively and in Course; and that the Monies to come in of or for the said

Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, or other Revenues composing the Sinking Fund as aforesaid,

shall be in the same Order liable to the Satisfaction of the said respective Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Aligns lefpeclively, without any NomvJurPrcfe- undue Preference to one before another, and not otherwise; and shall not be diverted or divertible to any ot^er Intent, or Purpose whatsoever (other than such Uses and Purposes as are appointed by any other nor Fee to be Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf as aforesaid) and that no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, dire<Jftly or

uken; /indirectly, shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's Subjects, for providing or making of any

’ such Books or Registers, or any Entries, Views, or Searches, in or for Payment of Money lent, or the Interest thereof as aforesaid, by any of his Majesty's Officer or Officers, their Clerks or Deputies, on P^m Trcb^eDama6 m Foment of Treble Damages to the Party grieved, by the Party offending, with full Costs of Suit; or if with FuiTcoft*! r^e Officer himself take or demand any such Fee or Reward, then to lose his Place also; and if any undue Preference of one before another shall be made, either in Point of Registry or Payment, contrary to the true

the Money so advanced; the Interest thereof to be paid Quarterly. Orders to be re girt ered in Course,

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 40.

8j

true Meaning of this Act, by any such Officer or Officers, then the Party offending shall be liable by Action of Debt* or on the Caf.*, to pay the Value of the Debt, with full Costs of Suit, to the Party grieved, and shall be forejudged of his Place or Office 5 and if any such Preference be unduly'made, by any his Deputy Penalty of undue or Cleric without Direction or Privity of his Master, then such Deputy or Cletk only shill he liable to Preference in tu:h Action, Debt, Damages, and Costs, and shall be forever after incapable of his Office or Place; and FonrofRe?iftry in case the Auditor of the Receipt shall not direct the said Orders of Loan, or the Cleric of the Pells Re-or FayniCat} cord, or the 'Feller make Payment upon such Orders, according to each Person’s due Place and Order as before directed, then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective Deputies and Clerks therein offending* to be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages, and Costs, in such Manner as aforesaid!; all which said Penalties* Forfeitures, Damages, and Costs, to be incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer, to be recovered i« or any their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Kill, Plaint, or Informa- any,>fthe Court* tion, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no EiTbin, Protection, Privilege, ^cc?rdat VVa^cr of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint, shall be in any wise granted or allowed. eftoun cr#

IV. Provided always, and it is declared, That if it shall happen that several Tallies of Loan or Orders No undue Prefe-for Payment as afore laid, bear Date, or be brought the same Day, to the Auditor of the Receipt to be rc- rcnrc’ whichof gittered, then it shall be interpreted no undue Preference which of those be entered first, so as he enters

them all the same Day. ^‘SS*

arc entered firstj

V. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference, to incur any Penalty in Point nor if subsequent

of Payment, if the Auditor direct, and the Clerk of the Pells record, and the Tellers do pav subsequent OJers «e p*»d Orders, to Persons that come and demand their Monies, and bring their Orders, before other Perums that ot!,cr, not did not come to take their Monies, and bring their Orders in Couife* so as there bj so much Money r«-co°urfc so at served as will satisfy precedent Orders, which shall not be otherwise disposed of, hut kept for them \ lute- MoncVbe^frrv-rdt upon Loan being tocrease from the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them, ed for the prccc.

dent Ordert.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any Money shall be powerof Assign-duc for Loans to be registered by virtue of this Act, after Order entered in the Book of Register as afore- ment, and Me-said, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, by proper Words of Alignment to be in- thod ottnrrferi doi fed and written upon his, her, or their Order, may assign and transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, rln*of 0ldc,$* Interest, and Benefit of such Order, to any other j which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the

Receipt aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Register aforesaid for Orders (which the Officers shall upon Request, without Fee or Charge, accordingly make) shall intitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may in like Manner assign again, and so toties quoties; and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons, who hath or have made such Alignment, to make void, release, or discharge, the same, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof.

VII. And, to the end there may be no Want or Failure of a certain Sum not to exceed in the Whole the said Sum two million and one hundred thousand Pounds, to be raised either by such Loans as aforesaid, or by issuing Exchequer Bills as is herein after-mentioned, or by both or either of those Ways or Means,

for the Publick Service; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Commissioners Tf itftull be of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three more ad-or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall judge it more adviseable to raise the lile

Lid Sum of two million an 1 one hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Exchequer Rills, in- r3-'e\lJ17 \Y ((cad of Inch Loans as aforesaid, that then they respectively are hereby authorised and impowered at any Sum by Exche-Time or Times to prepare and make, or cause to be prepared and made, at the Exchequer, any Nymber ofquer R.ll«, in-ih-w Exchequer Bills, for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the said Sum of two Loins, million and one hundred thousand Pounds, together with such Loans aforesaid, in the same or like Manner* Form, or Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as in and by a certain Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty five,’ are enacted and prescribed concerning the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of the said Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, All Advantip« Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in the said last-men- and Penalties in tioned Act, relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the same Act (except such the M#,t Clauses as do charge the same on the Taxes granted by the same Act, and except such Clauses as limit

Rate of Interest to be paid for the Forbearance of Money lent on the Credit of the said Act) shall be ap- nJrl Efc*"* plied and extended to the Exchequer hills to be paid in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to Bill* thereby -all Intents and Purposes as if the Lid Fx< heejuer Bills had been originally authorised by the said last- anthemed to be mentioned Act, or as if the said several ClauLs or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted maie so, th» ct* in the Body of this present Act. Act*'*10 thlt

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Exchequer Rills, which shall be The! (i\t Erche-made in pursuance of this Act, and the Interest*} Premium, Rate, and Charges incident to, or attending q,.er B.i)i, intc-the fame, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and borne by and out rest, and turret, of, the growing Produce of the said Sarplufles, Excessis, and Overplus Monies, or other Revenues com-are to Pa,d poftrg the Sinking Fund except such Monies of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any parti- fund' cuhr (Jfc or lifes by any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Bchalt) and such Monies of the

Lid binding Fund Dull and may be issued and applied as soon as the lame can be regularly stated and afccr-

tained.

86

C. 40. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

tained, for and towards the paying off, cancelling, and discharginjj, such Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium, Rate, or Charges, until the Whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

Bank authori*- X. And be it declared and further enacted the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful ed to lend the for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance or lend to his Majesty in like Manner f*id Sum, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of Loan granted by this Act, any Sum or Sums of

notwithstanding Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of two million and one hundred thousand Pounds; any thing Act 5 & 6 Will, in an Act made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King H'tliia?n and Queen Mary, intituled, *c Mary, c. 20. 4 An Act for granting to their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors; for Securing certain Recompences and Advantages in the Said Act mentioned to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War against Franceto the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. Sums to be tp-

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of one hundred thirty-five plied; riz. thousand two hundred thirteen Pounds five Shillings and one Farthing, remaining in the Receipt of the *35,1131. 5 s. Exchequer on the tenth Day of October^ one thousand Seven hundr ed and sixty-four, for the Disposition of jiq. remaining parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen of the Surpluses, Ex cedes, or overplus-monies, and in ioio&°er ot^er Revenues of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund; and also a Sum, not exceeding three *764, unap- hundred and eight thousand Pounds, of the Monies agreed to be paid by a Convention between his Majesty plied of the and the French King, concluded and signed at London the twenty-seventh Day of February, one thousand Sinking Fund; seven hundred and sixty-five, for the Maintenance of the late French Prisoners of War; and also the Sum

303.000 La- cf eighty thousand Pounds remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, granted to his Majesty in the lall

b^the^rench Session of Parliament, upon Accounr, for defraying the Charge of the ray and Cloathing of the Militia King on 27 Feb. for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March) one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four; and 1765; also a Sum, not exceeding twelve thousand Pounds, out of the Monies which shall arise of the Produce of

Fo,coo 1. re- the Duties laid by an Add made in this Session of Parliament, upon the Importation and Exportation of Aaining in the Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, shall and maybe issued and applied at the said Receipt, for and to-granted°the* 1 aft war's making good the said Supply; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now or for the time Session for Pay being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the time being, is or are hereby authorised and cloathing of and impowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

the Militia;

11.000 1. Produce of the Duties granted this Session on Gum Senega and Gum Arabic.

*151,7401. as.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of two hundred fifty-one 7 d. 3 q. out of thousand seven hundred and forty Pounds two Shillings and seven Pence three Farthings, be granted to E*'ecdinS* his Majesty, upon Account, out of the Monies remaining to be applied, of the Exceedings of the several Sums6granted Sums provided by Parliament for sundry Services, and of the Monies that have been paid into the Hands for fundrv Ser- of the Pay master-general of his Majesty's Land-forces, by Contractors and others, to the twenty-third Vices, and of the Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, towards discharging such unsatisfied Claims and Monies, paid in Demands, for Expences incurred during the late War in Germany, as appear to be due by the Reports of to tht Payrnaf. Commissioners, appointed by his Majesty, for examining and stating such Claims and Demands; and Con^raftors and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or others, to heap- the High Treasurer for the time being, is or are hereby authorised and impowered to issue and apply the plied towards fame accordingly.

discharging the

unsatisfied Claims for Expences incurred in Germany during the late War;

60,0c o 1. out of the Monies granted the last Sdlion, and reserved for the Difn< fit on of Parliament, to be^pplied towards maintaining the Forces and Garrisons in America.

Appropriation of the Supplies. The Monies anting by the Malt Tax, 5 Geo. 3. c. 2.

Land Tax, 5 Geo. 3. c. 5.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Sum, not exceeding sixty thousand Pounds of the Monies arisen or to arise out of such of the Duties granted or continued by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, as were thereby directed to be reserved in the Exchequer to be disposed of by Parliament, towards defraying the necessary Expences of defending, protecting, and securing, the British Colonies and Plantations in America, be issued and applied towards maintaining his Majesty js Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland) and the ceded Islands, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the time being, is or are hereby authorised and impowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

XtV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one A eft of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five;’ and so much Money, if any such be, of the Duties thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act. and all the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the r.xchequer to satisfy and discharge the same; and also all the Monies coming into the Exchequer, itl'.cr by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and six:y-five and so much Money, if any such be, of the Tax thereby granted as shall arise or remain after

3 all

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 40; 87

all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate* and Cha.ges thereon, and the Charges allowable thereby for raising the said Land Tax, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same; and also the Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, granted by one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An LoanS| &Cf inj Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand other Sums re- seven hundred and sixty-five;’ and also the said Sum of one hundred thirty five thousand two hundred thirteen miining in the Pounds five Shillings and one Farthing, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the tenth Day Exchequer, &c* of OftobeT) one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen of the Surpluses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund\ and also the said Sum, not exceeding three hundred and eight thousand Pounds, of the Monies agreed to be paid by a Convention between his Majesty and the French King, concluded and signed at London the twenty-seventh Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, for the Maintenance of the late French Prisoners of War; and also the said Sum of eighty thousand1 Pounds remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, which was granted to his Majesty in the last Session of Parliament, upon Account, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia for one Yearr beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and fixy-four; and also the said Sum, Duties on Gum not exceeding twelve thousand Pounds, out of the Monies which shall ariseof the Produce of the Duties laid Senega and Gumr by an Act made in this Session of Parliament upon the Importation and Exportation of Gum Senega and Arabic,

Gum Arabic; and also the further Sum of two million and one hundred thousand Pounds by this Act granted, out of such Monies as shall. or may arise of the Surplusses, Excesses, or overplus Monies, and ^"sinking0* other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fundy shall be further appropriated, Fund} and are hereby appropriated, and shall be issued and applied for and towards the several Uses and Purposes together with herein after expressed, together with the Residue of the Monies arising from the Sale of the French Prizes the Residue taken before the Declaration of War, which his Majesty has declared, in a most gracious Speech to his *°bC3ihe

Parliament in the last Session, that he has directed, for the Ease of his Majesty's Subjects, to be applied to Sai^of French the publick Service. ' prizes.

XV. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup- y;x. out ortho-plies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not ex- Aids in general cceding one million four hundred thirty-nine thousand seven hundred thirty-four Pounds eleven Shillings ti439»734 and three Pence, for or towards the Naval Services herein after particularly expressed; (that is to say) for or

towards Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be s..rrrices jjumper formed; and for or towards Sea Services in the Office of Ordnance, performed and’ to be performed; fpcc.ded. and for or towards defraying the Ordinary of his Majesty*!? Navy, and for Half-pay to Sea and Marine Officers; and for or towards maintaining four thousand two hunched and eighty-seven Marines; and for or towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of his Majesty's Ships, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five.

XVI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Ards or Supplies 5.0001. toward*

aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding five thou- SuPP0,t

find Pounds, upon Account, to be applied by the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital "*Kh

for Seamen at Greenwich, for the Support 3nd Relief of Seamen, worn out and become decrepit in the pl Service of their Country, who shall n^t be provided for within the said Hospital.

XVII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup- 1,4311.171. plies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one Bounty to m-thousand two hundred thirty-one Pounds seventeen Shillings and six Pence, for paying a Bounty, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, of two Shillings and six Pence per Day to fifteen r'h. N^Vihe Chaplains; and of two Shillings per D.y to fifteen more Chaplains, who have served Jongefton board his Uitvvar. Majesty's Ships of War, provided it appears by the Books of the said Ships, that they have been actually borne and mustered thereon for the Space of four Years during the late War with France and Spain> and provided likewise, that such Chaplains do not enjoy the Benefit of some Ecclesiastical Living or Preferment from the Crown, or otherwise, of the present annual Value of fifty Pounds.

XVIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup- 174,673-!. 1 so-

pites aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one fJLr5haT|e hundred seventy-four thousand six hundred seventy-three Pounds fifteen Shillings and ten Pence, for ordn* CJ0° the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thr year 176c. sixty-five. 3

XIX. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup- $$$'9 * lcr*

plies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding fifty- 7 t°the said five thousand five hundred nineteen Pounds ten Shillings and seven Pence, for defraying the Expence of formed1 Services performed by the office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in one in ,764, not thousand seven hundred and sixty-four. proved for.

XX. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup- a,coi,6oa 1. plies aforesaid, there shall and may he issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two 109 6d- to-million one thousand six hundred two Pounds ten Shillings six Pence, and one eighty-eight Part of a

Penny, for and towards maintaining his Majesty*3 Land Forces, and other Services herein alter more par- s^vk^infcnc^ ticularly expressed; that is to say, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding six hundred eighty XA\ of wh.ch thousand one hundred thirty Pounds ten Shillings and seven Pence, for defraying the Charge of seventeen 60S,13d. 10s; thousand four hundred and twenty-one effective Men, commissioned and non-commissiont d Officers in- 7 d-for eluded; and including two thousand six hundred and twenty-eight Invalids, for Guards, Garrisons, and ^CKaittiuiir

otherin 1 *'

88

C. 40.

Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar; and Provisions for the Forces

Guernsey, and other his Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Year one thousand seven Jerfcyi hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three hundred twenty-seven 11 d’.5*V for* ^oufand five hundred and two Pounds three Shillings and eleven Pence Halfpenny, for further maintaining GuardsandGar- his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar; rifons in the and for Provisions for the Forces in North Amei ica, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, and the ceded Islands, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding six thousand three hundred forty-six Pounds three Shillings and five Pence, for defraying the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Establishments of five Regiments of Foot feiving at Gibraltar, Minorca, and the ceded Islands, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-broadj 6,3461. five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding eleven thousand two hundred ninety-one Pounds, 3,/n£0STUkc Shillings and six Pence Halfpenny, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not tin- Briufhlmd exceeding eighty thousand Pounds, upon Account, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of lr:ft Ertjbji.K. the Militia for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and nene of five sixty-five; and any Sum or Surrvs of Money, not exceeding one hundred thirty-five thousand six hundred six Pounds twelve Shillings and six Pence, upon Account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land tt^Minorca*' Forces and Marines, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of and ceded Money, not exceeding two thousand three hundred sixty-one Pounds fourteen Shillings and two Pence, Islands; for defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the two Troops of 31,2911. 8*;. Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the four Troops of Acr'a^and Genc" ^or*e (»unrds> for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, rafXaft Officers" ner exceeding one thousand six hundred sixty-four Pounds, for the paying of reniions to the Widows of 8 ,ocol. to- such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines as died upon the Establishment of Halfwards Pay and pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand cloathing of the seven hundred and sixteen, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums j 606I 12s Money> not exceeding one hundred nine thousand one hundred seven Pounds eighteen Shillings and 6 d^there-1’ four Pence, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the «Juced Officers of Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding ten the Land Forces, thousand three hundred forty-three Pounds sixteen Shillings nine Pence and seven eleventh Parts of a -nd Marines j Penny, to enable his Majesty to defray the Charge of the Subsidies due to the Duke of Brunswick, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding fifty thousand Pounds, on Account, towards afliiiing his Majesty to grant a reasonable Succour in Money to the Landgrave of HeJJ'e Cassel, pursuant to Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding four hundred four thousand four hundred ninety six Pounds seven Shillings and six Pence, h *"or defray‘ng extraordinary Expence of his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services incurred between Pen fit n 5 of Of- twenty-fourth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, and the twenty-fifth liters Widows 'Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, and not provided for by Parliament; and 109,107]. 18s. any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two hundred forty eight thousand two hundred fifty-nine 4d, to the Out Pounds seventeen Shillings and four Pence Farthing, upon Account, towards farther discharging such Ch"?/"'h ' un^at*sfied Claims and Demands, for Expences incurred during the late War in Germany, as appear to be due

tai 1 10,34/1". bV the Reports of the Commissioners appointed by his Majesty, for examining and dating such Claims and il l, 9 of Sub- Demands; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding ux thousand four hundred ninety-one Pounds lidy to the Duke seventeen Shillings four Pence and one eight Part of a Penny, for defraying the Charge of three indepen-of Brunswick; dent Companies of Foot to be raised for his Majesty's Service on the Coast of Africa, and for Provisions for cour^o\*h^UC" ^le ^ame ^rom l^e twenty'fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, to the twenty-Landgrav/of fourth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-'five, both Days inclusive, being three hun-HeiTc Cartel; dred and sixty-five Days.

404,496 1. 78. 6d. extraordinary Expences of the Land Forces, and other Services, incurred in 1764, not provided for; 248,159 L 17 s. 4<L 1 q. towards the unsatisfied Claims in Germany; 6,4911. 27 s. 4d. Charge of three independent Companies in Africa;

800.0001. ro- XXI. Andit is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup-

Exche^afore^d> there shall and may be issued and applied the Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, for iObed'pursuant8 paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of to an Act of the Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, and hft Session; for applying certain Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven 43* a3* 4 hundred and sixty-four; and for Application of certain Savings of Publick Monies, and of Monies arisen

by the Sale of Military Stores; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for Relief of Persons who have omitted to insert in Indentures, or other Writings, the full Sum agreed to be paid with Clerks, Apprentices, and other Servants;’ and charged upon the said firti Aids to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

4,9111. 14

XXII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup-in *thccIvO " P^es aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding four Erta'blfffirnentofthousand nine hundred eleven Pounds fourteen Shillings and eleven Pence, upon Account, for main-Mot*Scoria; taining and supporting the Civil Establishment of his Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year one

7.0001. for fun- thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding seven thousand dr> Expence*m-pOUn(js> Upon Account of sundry Expences, for the Service of Nova Scotia, hi the Years one thousand formerYca?snot seven hundred and fifty, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-provided for; two, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, and one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, and not

a,361 J. 14 s.

2 d. to the Officers and Gentlemen of Horse Guards, Sec. reduced;

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 40. 89

provided for by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three thousand nine hundred 5,9661. fnrifce and sixty-six Pounds, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty*:; ^ntolGc«r ia* Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the same, from the twenty-fourth Day of en 0 cwrs June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, to the twenty-fourth of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding five thousand and two hundred 5,*aM 1 m* Pounds, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty's Colony of of" East Florina, and other incidental Expences attending the same, from the twenty-fourth of June, onejrj0;jja. thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, to the twenty-fourth of June, one thousand ft veil hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding five thousand and two hundred Pounds, upon 5,1001. for the Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty's Colony of Jiefl Forida, eft.iN fl»-. and other incidental Expences attending the same, from the twenty-fourth of June, one thousand seven VVffl*

hundred and sixty-four, to the twenty-fourth of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and

any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one thousand six hundred and one Pounds and fourteen Shii- ^anUHVpfnce lings, upon Account, for defraying the Expence attending general Surveys of his Majesty's Dominions in ff pCner>i Mir. birth America, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, ?cy? m Anwiii-jj

XXIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup- S*0001 °*a'd*

plies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding five Laxa'

thousanl Pounds, towards building a Lazaret \ and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding thirty- jgjooool. to the eight thousand Pounds, upon Account, towards the enabling the Governors and Guardians of the Hospi- Foundling Hoi-tal for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, to maintain and educate, pital

or to place out as Apprentices such Children as were received into the said Hospital on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, from the thirty-first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four inclusive, to the thirty-first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five inclusive, and that the said Sum be issued and paid for the Use of the said Hospital without Fee or Reward, or any Deduction whatsoever.

XXIV. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup- ,*50°.I\ fyr, plies aforesaid, there shall and maybe issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding

thirteen thousand Pounds, to be employed in maintaining and supporting the British Forts and Settlements Scrticmca t hi upon the Coast of Africa, and putting the said Forts into better Repair; and any Sum or Sums of Money, Africa j cot exceeding seven thousand Pounds, for building a Block-house at or near Cape Aptolonia, on the Coast of 7»°°° * for " Africa; and any Sum or Sums of Money* not exceeding five thousand and five Hundred Pounds, upon ®,0fk'hr'u[c at Account, for defraying the Charges of a Civil Establishment upon that Part of the Coast of Africa, situate jLi^,r7c*/ between the Port of Sallee in South Barbary and Cape Rouge, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and ing charge* v sixty-five. of Civil Establishment upon the Coast of Africa;

XXV. And it is hereby also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids i,4ool.tom»fc*

or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied the Sum of two thousand and four good to hi* hundred Pounds, to make good to his Majesty the like Sum which has been issued by his Majesty's Orders r'*y Kke in pursuance of the Addresses of the House of Commons; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceed- S^,»n^of Ading ten thousand Pounds, to enable his Majesty to give a proper Compensation to the Government of tin* the

Island of Barbadoes, for the Assistance given by them to his Majesty's Forces under the Command of Major House of Cam-General Mo nekton, in the Expedition against the Island of Martintco\ and any Sum or Sums of Money, not mom; exceeding seven thousand Pounds, to be paid into the Chamber of the City of London, towards the finishing TO»<*JO 1. Corn, and compleating the Works for improving, widening, and enlarging the Passage over and through London

Bridge, without Account, other than as is directed for the Monies raised by an Act made in the twenty- the7n*nJ of ° ninth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to improve, widen, and enlarge, the Passage over Barbel*?; nnA through London Bridge, 7,000l. tow n<»f

rrptiring I.ondon Bridge; 19 Oee. *. /. 40.

XXVI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup- 48,1-61 1 ?. plies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding forty- 11 d. aq. to ts-eight thousand one hundred seventy-six Pounds one Shilling and eleven Pence Halfpenny, to replace to P,4(C.lc \nr the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency on the fifth Day of V*1 July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four^ of the several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pen- of^hc Dutic^oii lions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, which were made a Fund determined by an Act of the thirty- Oific« ar»j cn-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty for paying Annuities at the Bank of Enghnd, in respect of five^n*; and wio-millions borrowed towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred anddo*i fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding forty-nine thousand seven hundred forty*two 49.74* I- 1 * Pounds one Shilling and two Pence Halfpenny, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of d* *s- lo rc the same, to make good the Deficiency on the tenth Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty- 5^,^ ^uen<j four, of the several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom; and certain Duties upon th? pcfin/// all Cyder and Perry which were made a Fund by an Act of the third ear of the Reign of his present ofihe nati onal Majesty. for paying Annuities in respect of three million five hundred thousand Pounds, borrowed towards Putim

the Supply granted for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-thrcc; and any Sum Wincmrporfdi or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred thirty-nine thousand three hundred forty-two Pounds two*J p^C )tier Shillings and four Pence, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum ilfiicd thereout, for paying Annui- "139,3411/ 1 *. ties after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum for the Year, ended the twenty-ninth Day of September, one 4 a. t# tf'urt

90 C. 40. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 176$*.

to the Sinking

thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, which were granted in respect of certain Navy, Victualling, gand Pond the An- Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, delivered in and cancelled pursuant to an Act of the third ?°ref*ea of ^car of his present Majesty; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two hundred

KivjflndVic- forty-nine thousand six hundred sixty rounds four Shillings and ten Pence, to make good the Deficiency turning Bills, of the Grants for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four.

Sec. cincellrd';

249,660 1. 4 s. 10 d. to make gooi the Deficiency of the Grants for the last Year.

other Ufa.

Rules to be observed in the Application of the Half pay.

These Aids to

XXVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Aids and Supplies be^ppHed to no provided as aforesaid, shall not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Uses and Purposes before mentioned, or for the several Deficiencies, or other Payments directed to be satisfied thereout by any Act or Acts, or any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament.

XXVIII. And, as to the said Sum of one hundred thirty-five thousand six hundred six Pounds twelve Shillings and fix Po*nce, by this Act appropriated on account of Half-pay as aforesaid, it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein after prescribed, shall be duly observed in the Application of the said Half-pay 5 that is to say. That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who was a Minor, and under the Age of sixteen Years at the time when the Regiment, Troop, or Company, in which he served was reduced 3 that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except such Person who did actual Service in some Regiment, Troop, or Company 3 that no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the said Half-pay 3 that no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any Part of the said Half-pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who has resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since 5 that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons as would have been otherwise intitled to the same as reduced Officers 3 and that no Part of the same shall be allowed, to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot, lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain.

XXIX. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, Clauses mAft intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills; and for applying certain to c. 23. t Monies remaining in the Exchequer. for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and six tv-four r

Rules to be observrd in the

AppHcatidi of thr Surplus cf

Reel til of

‘es; and for further appropriating the Supp w

Jons who have omitted to insert in Indentures, or other Writings, the full Sum agreed to be paid with Clerks y 4 Apprentices, and other Servants 3 the several Supplies which had been granted to his present Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to the several Uses and Purposes therein expressed 3 amongst which, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding thirty thousand one hundred and eighty-eight Pounds and eighteen Shillings, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty*® 4 Land Forces and Marines, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred and twenty-five thousand four hundred and fifty-five Pounds and thirteen Shillings, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces reduced and disbanded in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, and such as were to be reduced and disbanded for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four; subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said Half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that Behalf:’ Now it is hereby provided, enacted, and declared, by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Sums of thirty thousand one hundred and eighty-eight Pounds and eighteen Shillings; and one hundred and twenty-five thousand four hdhdred and hfty-five Pounds and thirteen Shillings, as are or shall be more than sufficient*o satisfy the said reduced Officers, according to the Rules several Sums of prescribed by the said Act to be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall :gs* and may be disposed of to such Officers who are maimed or have lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or fuefy i-js 4a5’r«5-nl or^ers as> bY reason of their long Service, or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of aic-i irw'764 to Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants, under the Paymnt of his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that Behalf; any thing in this Act or the said former xcduced Officers. Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And whereas by an Act made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, certain Duties were laid upon Offices and Employments; and the Monies thereby arising in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, were directed to be paid at Edinburgh, to such Person or Persons as the Commissione rs of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer of Great Britain for the time being, should constitute and appoint to be Receiver-general, or Receivers thereof, for his Majesty's Use; but no Provision hath been made, Qr Authority given, for allowing any Compensation, or granting any Reward, to such Receiver or Receivers, for his or their Trouble in the receiving the said Monies, and in the paying and accounting for the same;’ Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he lawful to and for such Receiver or Receivers, to retain out of the Monies ccs and Employ- which have been and shall be paid into his or their Hands in pursuance of the said Act, such Sum, as a C rnpensation or Reward for his or their Trouble, as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall appoint, rctam ' r.n.he not exceeding three Pence in the Pound.

Pound of the Monies received by him. Further Time allowed till 25 Dec, 1770, to make and file Affidavits of Clerkship, &c. omitted tabc done indi* Time, by Scat. 10 Geo. 3. c. 42.

Receiver of the Duties on Oth-

Ak» D< 176*

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 41, 42.

CAP. XLI.

An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors. EXP. See 1 Ann.

v St. i. c. 25.

% & 3 Arm. c. 16. 6 Geo. c. 12. 11 Geo. c. si. % Geo. s. c. so. 10 Gco» s. c. 16. 11 Geo. a. c. 9. 16 Ge*. a. e, 27. u Geo. 2. c. 31. 28 Geo. a. c. 19* «9 Geo. 2. c. 18. 1 Geo. 3. c. 27. 9 Geo. 3. c. a6.

CAP. XLII.

An Act for redeeming one-fourth Part of the Joint Stock of Annuities established by an Act made in the Third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, in respect of several Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures.

Most gracious Sovereign,

intituled, Preamble, re-Ordnance Ciat.fes i*

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the Third Year of your Majesty's Reign, intituled*

An Act for granting Annuities to fatify certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills and Debentures; and for charging the Payment of such Annuities on the Sinking Fund; and making good the 3 Geo. 3*

fame to the said Fund, in manner therein mentioned; it was provided and directed, That all and every s*Cc 6 Geo. 3.

rerson and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, who should, within the Time therein limited, c. 41.

deliver in certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, to be cancelled 7 Geo.

in Manner thereby directed, should, for the Principal Sum or Sums contained therein, and also for the Interest marked upon such of the said Bills as bore an Interest, be respectively intitled to, and have an 4 Annuity after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, and to be payable Half Yearly, at the Bank of England, to such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or such as he, she, or they, should appoint his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, until Redemption thereof by Parliament, in Manner therein mentioned; and that all such Monies should be deemed to be one Capital or Joint Stock, on which the said Annuities should be attending: And whereas the several Principal Monies contained in the Bills and Debentures delivered in and cancelled, together with such Interest as aforesaid, which were converted into a Capital or Joint Stock in pursuance of the said Act,

amount to the Sum of three millions four hundred eighty-three thousand five hundred fifty^three Pounds one Shilling and ten Pence: And whereas your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, have resolved, that one-fourth Part of the said Capital Stock be redeemed and paid off on the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and several Publick Notices have been given of the said Resolution by the Speaker of the Notices givtn of House of Commons, pursuant to the Order of that House ;* and therefore your faithful Commons do the intention of most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Ex- Parliament to cellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com- four^PaTt of mons. in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That such Notices as th^joimStock aforesaid shall be, and be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, good and sufficient Notice or Notices, within of Annuities the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, for the Redemption of one-fourth Part of the said Capital ertabiirtien by or Joint Stock, and of the Annuities attending on such Part; and the same shall be redeemable and the recited redeemed accordingly.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on or before the twenty-fifth Day of and 870.8S8l. December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, there shall and may be issued and paid to the Go- 5s. 5d. aq.out Vernor and Company of the Bank of England, the Sum of eight hundred and seventy thousand eight hun- of the Sophie* fired cightv-eight Pounds five Shillings and five Pence Halfpenny, out of all or any the Aids or Sup- ^vke of*theC plies granted in this Session of Parliament (except any particular Aid or Supply which hath been or curi'^ct ycarc shall be, in the same Session, specially and intirely appropriated to any one particular Use or Purpose)

which Sum shall be applied, by the said Governor and Company, in Payment of the like Sum of eight to be paid, for hundred and seventy thousand eight hundred eighty-eight rounds five Shillings and five Pence Half- ,hat Pt rP^e, penny, for the Redemption and full Satisfaction of one-fourth Part of the said Capital or Joint Stock. lnolhc Dark;

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on or before the said twenty-fifth and to u ifflied Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, there shall and may, by Order of the Com- «cordiagiy ar missioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the time being,

Without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained, in that Behalf, be issued and paid from the Vrea-at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by fury.

way of Imprest and upon Account, out of the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund (upon which the said Annuities were charged by the said Act made in the third ontofthcMenl?$ Y<?ar of his present Majesty's Reign) such Sum of Money as shall be necessary for the Discharge of the of tbcSii.king Annuities attending such one-fourth Part of the said Joint Stock, from the twenty-ninth Day of £V/>-FunJ> lember one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, to the twenty*fifth Day of December following, inclusive; which Sum shall be applied, by the said Governor and Company, in discharge of such Annuities an4 to bf anp’ird accordingly, at the same Time that the respective Principal Monies, composing such one-fourth Part, shall by the B^.k, be paid and satisfied; and that all such Annuities, in respect of such one-fourth Part, shall cease and be discharge of the xrxtinguished from the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five. rj,d Annultic*‘

9*

The Sums so Kftei to be »# placed out of the - next Supplies.

The said Annuities to be p-ud up in full to25 Dec. y6j.

Bank not to incur a:iy l^ifabi-lity by reason of this Act,

General URie.

[Treble Costs.]

[Preamble.]

See 6 Geo. 3.

« 40 §46.

7 Geo. j. c. 45, 30.

Act 13 & 14 in 1. c. 11.

C. 43. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sums of Money which shall be issued and applied, by virtue of this Act, out of the said Surpluses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, for Payment of the said Annuities, shall be made good and replaced by and out of the Supplies to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if all or any Part of the Principal Monies, composing such Part of the said Capital or Joint Stock hereby intended to be redeemed, shall be paid and satisfied at the Bank of England, before the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, the said Governor and Company shall, notwithstanding the farre. pay, and they are hereby impowered to pay, in respect of the Principal Monies so discharged, the full Sums which the Annuities attending the same would have amounted to, on the twenty-hfth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; any thing herein or in any other Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company, or any Member thereof, shall not incur any Disability for or by reason of his or their doing any Matter or Thing in pursuance of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing therein contained, such Person or Persons shall a*d may plead the General KTue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his and their Defence; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their Action, or be nonsuited, or Judgement shall be given against him or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him or them awtfdeJ against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for the better securing, and further Improvement, of the Revenues of Customs, Excise, Inland and Salt Duties, and for encouraging the Linen Manufacture of the Isle of Man; and for allowing the Importation of several Goods the Produce and Manufacture of the said Kland, under certain Restrictions and Regulations.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

OUR Majesty having been most graciously pleased, at the Opening of this Session of Parliament* to recommend from the Throne to your faithful Commons the Continuance of that Attention which hath hitherto been shewn to the Improvement of the Publick Revenue, we have thought it our Duty to apply ourselves with the utmost Zeal and Assiduity to carry into Execution every proper Mea^ 4 sure for the Attainment of that End; and though we have already prepared several Bills for that Purpose, which have received your Royal Approbation, we are desirous to establish (till further Regulations, which, by a more exact and equal Collection of the Publick Revenue, and without laying any new Burthens on your People, may tend to the Accomplishment of so great and salutary a DeTign: And whereas by an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second (intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in his Majestys Customs) it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That the Person or Persons which were or should be appointed for managing the Customs, and Officers of his Majesty's Customs, and their Deputies, should be thereby authorised and enabled to go and enter aboard any Ship or Vessel, as well Ships of War as Merchant Ships, from thence to bring on Shore all Goods prohibited or uncustomed, except Jewels, if they be outwards bound; and if they be Ships or Vessels inwards bound, from thence to bring on Shore into his Majesty's Storehouse, all small Parcels of fine Goods, or other Goods, which should be found in Cabins, Chests, Trunks, or other small Package, or in any private or focrct Place in or out of the Hold of the Ship or Vessel, which might occasion a just Suf, icion that they were intended fraudulently to be conveyed away; and all other Sorts of Goods whatsoever, for which the Duties of Tonnage and Poundage were not paid or compounded for within twenty Days after the first Entry of the Ship, to be put and remain in the Storehouse aforesaid, until his Majesty's Duties thereupon be paid; unless the said Person or Persons which were or should be appointed by his Majesty for managing the Customs, and Officers of the Customs, should fee just Cause to allow a longer Time, as in and by the said recited Act more at large appears: And whereas in the Chests, Trunks, Bales, cases, and other Package, which contained Goods so sent and carried to his Majesty's Storehouse by the Officers of the Customs in pursuance of the said Act, and likewise in Packages which are brought on Shore by virtue of a Special Sufferance or Order from the Commissioners or Principal Officers of the Customs, to be examined before Entry and Payment of Duties, at the Request and Application of the Owners thereof; and also in and amongst such Goods themselvej, there are often found concealed and enclosed Lace and other fine Goods and Merchandizes, which lie in little Compass, and of which no Entries are often intended to be made, or Duties paid for, by the Owners or Proprietors thereof, or their Agents, unless and until the same are discovered by the Officers of his Majesty's Customs; by which fraudulent Concealments the Revenue thereof is greatly defrauded May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 43. 93.

That from and after the first Day of June* Ane thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, aTl Goods* Wares, UneaterrdGcoJ* and Mcrcnancrzcs whatsoever, which shall be found endofed and concealed as aforesaid, in any Chest, Cp"cc^l<J Trunk, Bale, Caflc, or other Package, or in or amongst any of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes Merchandise contained therein, at any Time after the same shall have been carried or sent to his Majesty's Storehouse renttothe King’i by any Officer or Officers of his Majt fly’s Customs in pursuance of the said Act, and whic h Avail not Siorehousev, have been, within the Space of twenty Days after the first Entry of the Ship in which they were imported, duly entcreJ, ancJ his Majesty's Customs, and other Duties, for them, paid or secured \ or which, shall be found concealed as aforesaid in any Chest, Trunk, Bale, Cask, or other Package, or inclosed in or in any P*«k~ mr amongst any of the Goods therein contained, which shall be brought on Shore by Special Sufferance, ?8e» or Goodi or Order from the Commissioners or Principal Officer! of the Customs, at the Request and Application of the Proprietor or his Agent, and shall not be particularly specified and described in such Application, fj^ncf'or Or-the lame shall, in every such Case, be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized and profecured by der, and not fpc-any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs; one Moiety of which Forfeitures shall be to the Use of eified therein, his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety shall be to the Use of such Person and Per- are liable to Sei- -fons as shall seize, inform, or sue for the same, after deducing the Charges of Condemnation and Sale F#r‘‘

from the gross Produce thereof; and such Seizures and Forfeitures shall and may be prosecuted, tried, and determined, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster* or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh respectively; wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, > fhJ! be allowed.

II. And whereas rt does frequently happen, that Goods and Merchandizes imported, paying Duty ad Valorem, do, upon View and (Examination by the proper Officers of the Customs, appear not to have been valued, by the Oath or Affirmation of the Importer, according to the true Value and Price thereof;.

and notwithstanding Demand is made in Writing by the Customer, or Collector and Comptroller of the Port where such Goods are entered, for Delivery of the same into his Majesty's Warehouse at the Port of Importation, for the Use and Benefit of the Crown, agreeable to the Directions of an Act of Parliament made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, (intituled, Act

4. An Act for rating such unrated Goods and Merchandizes as are usually imported into this Kingdom, and pay?* 74 4 Duty ad Valorem, upon the Oath of the Importer; and for ascertaining the Value of all Goods and Merchan- dizes not inserted in the former or prefer,t Book of Rates; and for repealing certain Duties upon Drugs and Rags; and for continuing the Duties vfen Apples; and for ascertaining the Method of admeasuring Pi Hurts.

imported) yet the Importers or Proprietors of such Goods or Merchandizes do sometimes neglect or refuse to deliver the same, or to cause the same to be delivered, into his Majesty's Warehouse; by which Means the said recited Act is rendered ineffectual to answer the Purposes thereby intended; the Officers of the Customs not being thereby impowered to carry such Goods or Merchandizes to his Majesty's Warehouse, although the Importers or Proprietors thereof shall neglect or refuse so to do Now, to remedy this Inconvenience for the future, and for an Encouragement to the Officers of the Customs ta* be diligent in the Execution of their Duty, be it enacted, That from and after the first Day of June*. Wlwre *nr one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, upon the Importation of any Goods or Merchandizes, paying Goods or Mer- Duty ad Valorem* where, upon V|cw and Examination thereof by the proper Officers of the Customs, it shall appear to them that such Goods and Merchandizes are not valued, by the Oath or Affirmation of the Importer or Proprietor, according to the true Price or Value thereof, according to the true Intent and be under-rated Meaning of the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, it shall and may be lawful by the Importer fot the said Officers of the Customs to take and detain such Goods and Merchandizes, and to cause the °* Proprietor* Ume to be carried and conveyed into his Majesty's Warehouse, at the Port of Importation, for the Use the Ut^ierwiT and Benefit of the Crown; and the Collector of the Customs for such Port, with the Privity of the th7 l° Comptroller, shall, out of any Money in his Hands, arising by Customs, or other Duties belonging to w*rrhouse*, for the Crown, pay to the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods and Merchandizes, upon Demand, the the use of the VJue of such Goods and Merchandizes so sworn to or affirmed, together with an Addition or* ten Pounds ^'roun > anrftho ’ per Centum thereon; and also the Customs and other Duties which shall have been paid for such Goods and Merchandizes, taking a Receipt for the same from such Importer or Proprietor, tn full Satisfaction upon to for the said Goods and Merchandizes, as if they had been regularly fold; and it shall and may be lawful pVoprirtor, $>c.

10 and f u the Commissioners of the Customs for the time being (whether the Value of the Goods sworn the Value f*or to, or affirmed, together with the ten Pounds per Centum thereon, and the Duties which shall have been paid ,4» for loch Goods, be demanded or not, or whether the Receipt herein directed to be taken be given or not} p^nr ani to cufe the said Goods to be fairly and publickly fold, as soon as may be, for the best Advantage; and the Dutic* pa.d;. ojt of the Produce thereof, the Money, herein before directed to be paid or advanced for such Goods, the Cowl* to be* shall be paid to such Collector, to be by him replaced to such Funds from whence he borrowed the same,'a,t«rWArd$ fold provided the same shall have been by him so paid or advanced; but if it has not, then the same shall pub;‘ck,y» Aild remain in the Hands of the said Collector, until the Importer or Proprietor shall Jemand the same, and ,ancrd°roC|tt^c« pve a Receipt (which is herein before directed to be taken for the same ;) and after dtdufting from thep|acc<j. Overplus (if any) the Charges arising by the Warehousing and Sale of such Goods and Merchandizes, jnd after »H the Did Commissioners of the Customs shall and may order the several and respective Officers of the Charge* drdurt-Customs, concerned in the View and Examination of such Goods and Merchandizes, to be paid, as an Encouragement for the faithful Discharge of their Duty thereon, one Moiety of the Remainder of such

Overplus (if any) and the other Moiety thereof shall be paid into his Majesty's Exchequer towards thercencotvxmed. Sinking Fund; any thing in the herein before recited Act contained, or any other Law, Custom, or »na «he ctner UDge, to the contrary notwithstanding.- Mriery to ib«

CUttfe tn Act *€2 Geo. x. c.aS.

C. 43.

Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

III. And whereas determined by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First (intituled, An Act for the Improvement of his Majesty's Revenues of Customs% fcxafey and Inland Duties) the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs are impowered to cause such Wines as any Mer- chant, or other Person, shall refuse to pay or secure the Duties for, as being damaged, corrupt, or un

merchantable, to be publickly sold, in order to be distilled into Brandy, or to be made into Vinegar,

taking sufficient Security to his Majesty's Use, that such Wines be not made use of for any other rur- pose whatsoever: And whereas it hath been found by Experience, that the Security by that Act directed hath not been sufficient to answer the Intent thereof* unless some proper Ingredient, such as Salt or Vinegar, has been put into such Wine before it has been delivered out of his Majesty's Warehouse; and 4 a Doubt having lately arisen, whether the Officers of his Majesty's Customs are legally authorised to Asufficient put any Salt or Vinegar into such Wine without the Consent of the Proprietor or rurchafer thereof :* Quantity of Salt 0bviate which Doubt for the future, and ttiore effectually to prevent such Wines from being frau-

in this Kingdom; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That frotn and after niageri refused the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, before the Delivery of any refused Wines, foid/in Wines, which shall be fold in pursuance of the Directiort of the said recited Act, it shall and maybe ,pursuance of the lawful for the Commissioners, or other Principal Officers of his Majesty's Customs, to cause so much Salt ^orc DcHve* or Vinegar to be Put therein, as they shall judge sufficient and proper to prevent the said Wines from being thereof out^f roade ule of for any other Purpose whatsoever, than being distilled into Brandy* or made into Vinegar,

the King’s besides taking the Security in the Manner directed by the said recited Act.

Warehouses.

clause in 1

IV. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

js Geo. 1. c. aS. 4 King George the First, intituled, An Act for the Improvement of his Majesty's Revenues of Customs, Excise, and Inland Duties, it is enacted, That all Tobacco Stalks, or Stems fbript from the Leaf, shall be pro- hibited to be imported; and, on Seizure and Condemnation thereof, the Commissionfers of his Majesty's Customs shall and may cause the same to be publickly burnt, and shall and may allow the Officer, for his Encouragement in making the Seizure, one Penny for every Pound Weight of such Stalks or Stems,

so seized and condemned, clear of all Charges of Condemnation: And forasmuch as no Forfeitures are inflicted by the said recited Act of the Vends br Boats, or the Horses and other Cattle or Carriages made use of in the landing or removing of the aforesaid Goods, nor any Penalties upon the Persons wno are concerned dr assisting in the unshipping thereof, or to Whose Hands they shall come after the unQiip- ping thereof, by reason whereof the aforesaid Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, has hitherto proved insufficient for preventing the Importation of the said Tobacco Stalks Goods, to the great Detriment of the Revenue iand salt Traders :’ For Remedy whereof, be it enacted or Stems stript by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Tobacco Stalks or Stems stript from the Leaf, shall at any Time from the Leaf, after the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and (ixtv-five, be imported into any Part of Great are not only lia- Britain, then not only the said Goods shall be forfeited and lost, and on Seizure and Condemnation enVmStation* thereof be publickly burnt, and the Officer allowed ohe Penny per Pound Weight for his Encouragement &c.S^Ppuifua°"ce *n nuking the Seizure, agreeable to the Form and Effect of the before recited Act of Parliament passed of the recited in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First; but also all and every A£>, but the Person and Persons who shall be assisting or otherwise concerned in the unshipping the said Goods, or to 1‘ersons a flirting whose Hands the same shall knowingly come after the unshipping thereof, shall forfeit Treble the Value fnunrtnpping thereof, together with the Vessels and Boats made use of in the Landing, Removing, Carriage, or Coit-whofcTlandsThc veyance of the said Goods, and also the Bags, Calks, or other Vessels or Things in which the said Goods fame rtiaii after-are packed or contained, and the Horses, Cattle, Carts, and other Carriages, made use of in the Load-vrards knowing- ing. Carrying, Landing, or Removing, the said GrOods; one Moiety of all which Forfeitures and Penalties :K cr>mr t.^feit shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Officer or* Ynd the Verted’ Officers of his Majesty's Customs, as shall seize, inform, or sue for the same, to be recovered by Bill, Boats, Carriages, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Ex-jmd Cattle rm-’ chequer at Edinburgh respectively, wherein no Eflbin, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed.

ployed therein,

rc forfeited also

Capias to ifTiie upon Information aga.nrt the

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Capias in the first Process shall and may issue upon any Bill, Plaint, or Information, commenced, filed, or prosecuted, against any Person or Persons, for, upon, or by reason of any the Offences before-mentioned, which Capias shall specify the Sum Party, d Bail of the Penalty sued for; and such Offender or Offenders shall be obliged to give sufficient Bail or Security -to be given there-by natural born Subjects, or Denizens, to the Person or Persons to whom such Capias shall be directed, rear a nee *° aPPcar ’n she Court out of which such Capias shall issue, at the Day of the Return of such Writ, to and atrhe Re- answer such Suit or Prosecution; and shall likewise, at the Time of such appearing, give sufficient Bail or turn of the Writ, Security by such Persons as aforesaid, in the said Court, to answer and pay all the Forfeitures and Penalties Security to be incurred for such Offence and Offences, in case he, she, or they, shall be convicted thereof, or to yield given to p*y the his, her, or their Body or Bodies to Prison.

Penalties in c-Ue

VciTol^CaTde

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Vessels and and Carriages/ Boats, and all Horses and other Cattle, and Carriages whatsoever, which from and after the said first Day fofeited by this of June, one thou find seven hundred and sixty-five, shall be seized as forfeited by virtue of this Act; or ad, or by 24 for removing any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, or Snuffs, contrary to an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Fraud*rdaHn Vear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, (intituled, An Act for the 'more effectual to the YtluduiLtfL'curin& Duties upon Tobacco) shall and may be prosecuted, adjudged, tried, and determined, by and

before

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 43. 95

Fcfore two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, residing near to the Place where such Seizure removing of shall be made, in fijeh Manner and rorm, and by such Rule*, as are directed and prescribed in an A<5To^acco» passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First (intituled, An Act to^isprVfcribSu 4 prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby 5 and to prevent Ships Act 8 Geo. c.

breaking their Quarentine; and to subject Copper Ore of the Production of the BritiJ).1 Plantations, to iS withrri'pest 4 fi.ch Regulations as other enumerated Commodities of the like Production are subject]* with respift to to Fort<ilur* Vc lie Is, Horses, and Carriages, which are forfeited by that Act of Parliament, for the Removing, Carriage, there‘n or Conveyance of the Goods therein mentioned. llone

VII. And whereas there are several Species of Linen now manufactured in Rujfa imported into this Kingdom, which are not rated either in the Rook of Rates referred to by the Act of Tonnage and PotinJage made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, or in the additional Book of Rates referred to by the Act of the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George 4 t.ic Fi'ft, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, the Duties upon which Goods are now payable according to the Value sworn to or affirmed by the Importers, which, by Experience, has been found to be very unequal, from the various Values fixed by the Importers on the same Species of Goods, some Persons greatly undervaluing the Line, to the Detriment of the Revenue, and the Discouragement of the fair Traders :* Now for Remedy thereof, and to put the Trade upon a more equal Foot, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of June, one yhousand seven hundred The Duties now artd sixty-five, the Duties now payable upon the Importation of unrated Linen Cloth, of the Manufacture payable on un. of R-.'Ji iy shall ccafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that all the Provisions and Clauses r?ted Ruffian contained in any former Act or Acts of Parliament, so far as the same relate to the ascertaining the Value Linens imperial* of tuch unrated Linens according to the Oaths or Affirmations of the Importers, shall be, and are hereby 10 cwfc > fc;»-iled and made void.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in lieu of the said Duties re- the old Sub*-

£ filed by this Act, from and after the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, all granted by-

men Cloth or Diaper of Rvjfiay not otherwise rated, which shall be imported into any Port or Place £ bc^aidYn* within Great Britain, flinll, upon the Importation thereof, be rated to pay the Old Subsidy granted by jjcu thereof, the Act of Tonnage and Poundage, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, according to the-according to the several Rates and Values hereafter mentioned $ that is to say. Rate* here me®-

tianed.

All Linen Cloth and Diaper of Rujfiay not otherwise rated, exceeding thirty-one Inches and one half The Ritew ef an Inch in Breadth, and not exceeding forty-five Inches in Breadth, for every one hundred and twenty Engljh Ells six Pounds.

Aik! all Linen Cloth and Diaper of Ruffiay not otherwise rated, exceeding forty-five Inches in Breadth, for every one hundred and twenty English Elis, ten Pounds and in that Proportion for any greater or left Quantity of any of the said Goods.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any of the said Gfods are by Law subject or liable to the Payment of the further Subsidy, the one-third Subsidy, the

itional Impost, or any other Subsidy or Duty whatsoever, according to the respective Value set thereon for the oid Subsidy, or in Proportion thereto, the same shall, from and after the said first Day of June9 one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, be paid proportionably according to the particular Rates and Values herein before set thereon for the old Subsidy aforesaid, and not according to the Oath or Affirmation of the Importer, or any other Rate or Value whatsoever; any thing in the respective Acts which granted the said Duties, or any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Subsidies, Impositions, and Duties, upon the said several Sorts of Goods, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and applied, in such M-nner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Discounts, Allowances, and Drawbacks, as are mentioned and expressed in the several Acts of Parliament, which granted, or continued, and appropriated, the same respectively; and all Powers, Penalties, Provisions, Article*, and Clauses, therein contained, (except in inch Cases where any Alteration is ma.ie by this Act) shall continue in full Force and Effect, during the Continuance of the said respective Subsidies, Impositions, and other Duties; and shall be applied, practised, and executed, for the railing, kvym», collecting, answering, paying, and appropriating, the said respective Subsidies, Impositions, and otrxrr Duties, according to the: true Intent and Meaning of this present Act, as fully and effectually to all Irtrnts *nd Purposes, as if the said Clauses, Matters, and Things, had been repeated and enacted in the Body of this present Act; any Law or other Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And whereas it may contribute to prevent any illicit Trade being carried on by the Inhabitants nf the Isle of Many to the Prejudice of the Trade and Revenues of his Majesty's Dominions, if the said Inhabitants are encouraged in the honest and lawful Occupation of cultivating and improving the Lands 4 f»t the f;:»d Island, and of manufacturing the Produce thereof, by allowing them to import the same into 4 (streat Britain, without Payment of Duties, under certain Limitations and Restrictions for which Pur-fmfe be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, the Inhabitants of the said ljle of Alan shall and may import directly from thence into any lawful Port of Great Britain, Bestials, or any Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, of the Growth, ProJuce, and Manufacture, of the said ljle of Many except such as by any Act of this Session of Parliament ore prohibited to be imported into this Kingdom $ and also ('except Woollen Manufactures, beer and Ale) without paying any Customs, Subsidies, or Duties> for or m rftpcdl thereof (except such

Excfte

Where any of the said Goods are liable to any a lditioral Sub* tidy or Duty, the same is ro be paid according ro the above Rates.

These Duties to be levied, paid, and applied, as mentioned in the several Acts granting or coo- -tinuing the fajne.

Br ni l’*, and

rthci

the f.rr v ?h and Miju'fcft- rr of the fir of Man,

eterpt fi.th

*rc prohii'i'cd b) any Act s>f

jg6 C. 43. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

this Session, Excise or other Duty as is now, or shall hereafter for the time being, be due and payable for the like rW^icnGood*, Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of Great Britain) provided ifowoeptea)^ the Matter, or other Person having the Charge of the Ship or Vessel so importing the same, shall bring may be »ropor ed with him a Certificate or Certificates from the Governor, Lieutetmu-Governor, Commander in Chief, or from 'ihener, on Chief Magistrates for the time being, that Oath has been made before him or them in the Presence of the Payment of the Officer of the Customs for the Port or Place where such Betti als or Goods shall be put on board, that the; fame Duties as ,fame are the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of the said Isle of Man; which Certificate or Certificates IiikePGoods of a attended by the said Officer of the Customs, and lhafi express the Number and Tale of such

the Produce and Bestials, with the Marks and Weight of the Species of Goods in each Bale or Parcel mentioned in the Manufacturee of Bill or Bills of Lading, with the Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode, of the Exporter or Exporters Great Britain, from the Isle of Many and the Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode, of such Person or Persons as Renriions^and ^a^ have ^worn the Bestials or Goods therein mentioned to be of the Growth, Produce, and Manu-Reguljtionihcre ^a(^urc the Isle of and where and to whom consigned in Great Britain \ and the Matter or

mentioned. Person taking charge or the Ship or Vessel importing the same, shall also make Oath before the Collector or Principal Officer of the Customs of the Port or Place of Importation in Great Britain, That the said Bestials, Bales, and Parcels, and the Goods therein contained, are the same that were taken on board by virtue of the said Certificate or Certificates so to be produced; on Failure whereof, or of any of the Requisites herein before-mentioned, the Bestials, Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, shall be liable to the same Duties, Penalties, and Forfeitures, a> they would have been liable to by Law, if this Act. had not been made

*But no Good* of

XII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing the Growth of in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to give Liberty to any Person to import into ^mYnufac- Great Britain, from the said Isle of Man, any Goods or Commodities of the Growth or Product of any tured in the said Foreign Nation or Country, which may be in Part or fully manufactured in the said Island, except Linen island may be Manufactures made there of Hemp or Flax, not being the Produce of the said Island.

imported, except those of Hemp and Flax,

Counties payable upon Exportation of British and Irish Linens, by Act 19 Geo.

to be allowed en the like Species made in the Jflc of Man, and re-exported from Great Britain,

Clauses in Alt l© Anns, c. 19.

«d n Geo. i. c. 30.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, the like Bounties which are now allowed upon British and Irish Linens exported from Great Britain, by virtue of an Act mad? in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain

Species of British and Irish Linens exported; and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax ;* shall be allowed and paid upon the like Species of Linen made in the Isle of Man, imported into Great Britain, in the manner herein before mentioned, which shall be re-exported from Great Britain, under the same Limitations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in all Respects, as are expressed and mentioned in the said recited Act of Parliament, with respect to the Bounties thereby granted, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions, relating thereto, were again repeated and enacted in this present Act.

XIV. And whereas by a Clause in an Act of Parliament passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for laying several Duties upon Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the same; and upon chequered and jlrited Linens imported \ and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuff's, printed, painted, orjlained\ and upon several Kinds of stampt Vellum, Parch- ment, and Paper; and upon certain printed Papers, Pamphletiy and Advertisements, for raiftrtg the Sum of eighteen hundred thousand Pounds by way of a Lottery towards her Majestys Supply} and for lictnfing an aa~ 4 ditional Number of Hackney Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice, and for better fe~ 4 curing her Majesty5 Duties to arise in the Office for the Stamp Duties by Licences for Marriages and otherrmfe; and for Relief of Persons who have not clatmed their Lottery Tickets in due Time, or have lo/l Exchequer BiUiy or Lottery Tickets; and for borrowing Money upon Stock (Part of the Capital of the South Sea Company) for the Use of the Publick j reciting, that it might frequently happen that (tale or rotten Soap, and also the Cuttings of good Soap (for which the Duties by the said Act mould first have been duly paid or charged) 4 might be put again into th^ Copper or Pan to be refreftied or made new 5 and the Soap newly made from the same* or from a Mixture of the same with other Ingredients, would be chargeable with a new Duty by the said Act; it was thereby provided and enacted, That in case such (tale or rotten Soap or Cuttings be put into the Copper or Pan, in the Presence of an Officer for the said Duties, to be refreshed or made new as aforesaid; such Officer should, from time to time, make an Allowance of the Dirty of the stale or rotten Soap or Cuttings so put in, and certify every such Allowance upon his Report to be returned to the Head Officer*, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: And whereas by an Act made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for more effectual preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Publick Revenues 5 for preventing Frauds in the Salt Duties, and for giving Relief for Salt used in the curing of Salmon and Cods.jh, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for enabling the In* 4 furance Companies to plead the General ljj'ue in Actions brought against them 5 and for fecunng the Stamp Duties upon Policies of In furance; reciting the before mentioned Clause, and that under Colour and Pretence of making such Allowances pursuant to the aforesaid Clause, and by Combinations and Confederacies between fraudulent Makers of Soap and corrupted Officers of and for the said Duties, who by Bribes had been prevailed upon in such their Reports of the making of Soap, sometimes to certify great Quantities of stale or rotten Soap, or of Cuttings of Soap put into such Makings of Soap, when in Fast and in

97

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 43.

Truth no such stale or rotten Soap, or Cuttings of Soap, had really and in Fa& been put into such

Makings of Soap, and at other Times when final] Quantities of stale or rotten Soap, or of Cuttings of

Soap, have been put into such Makings of Soap, such Officers had been by the Means aforesaid pre- vailed upon to certify in such his and their Report or Reports, Quantities of such stale or rotten Soap,

or Cuttings of Soap, much greater and far exceeding the Quantity or Quantities which at such Time and Times really and in Fa<St had been, and were put into such respective Makings of Soap, whereby his Majesty had been greatly defrauded of and in his Duties on Soap: For preventing whereof for the future, it was enacted, That if any stale or rotten Soap, or any Cutt ngs of Soap, in order to the re- frcftiing thereof, should, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, be put into any Making or Makings of Soap, unless of the Intention and Designing so to be put such stale or rotten Soap, or Cuttings of Soap, there should be, or should have been given,

to the Officer of the Division or Place where such Putting in was intended to be, such Notice in Writ- ing as therein after was mentioned; (that is to fav) If such Putting in was to be within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, then, and in such Case, by the Space of twelve Hours next before the re- fpc£tive Time and Times of such Putting in such stale or rotten Soap, or Cuttings of Soap; but if in any other Place or Places out of the Limits of the said Weekly Bills, then, and in such Case, by the Space of twenty-four Hours next before the respective Time and Times of such Putting in such stale or rotten Soap, or Cuttings of Soap, that in every such Case and Cases whatsoever, where such Put- ting in should be, or should have been without such Notice, the Officer should not certify such Putting 4 in, or any Allowance for or in respect thereof, nor should the Maker or Makers of Soap, in any such Case or cases, have, or be intitled to have, any Allowance or Allowances whatsoever, for or in respect of feeb Putting in such stale or rotten Soap, or of such Cuttings of Soap: And it was further enacted,

That if from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June^ one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five,

any Officer or Officers of Excise, or for the said Duties on Soap, should falsely pretend, that he or they 4 h2th or have had due Notice in Writing of such Putting in of such stale or rotten Soap, or of such Cuttings of Soap, in any Case and Cases where and in which he or they really and in Fact should not have had such due Notice in Writing, and should make such Allowance and Allowances as aforesaid,

and should falsely certify the same; every such Officer and Officers for every Pound Weight of such stale or rotten Soap, or Cuttings of Soap, so falsely allowed, or certified as aforesaid, should forfeit and lose the Sum of ten Shillings; and every such Maker and Makers of Soap, who should demand, claim,

ha\e, or take, any Benefit or Advantage for or in respect of any such Allowance so falsely made or certified by such Officer or Officers, in every such Case and cases, should forfeit and lose the Sum of ten Shillings for every Pound Weight of such stale or rotten Soap, or Cuttings of Soap, as should be claimed, demanded, had, or taken, by such Maker or Makers of Soap, for and in respect of such Allowance so falsely made or certified for by such Officer or Officers :* And whereas, notwithstanding the several before-mentioned Provisions, great Frauds have been carried on by divers Makers of Hard Soap, under Pretence of returning stale or rotten Soap, or Cuttings of Soap, to the great Detriment of the Revenue, and the fair Traders; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth Day The several t>?-©f July one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, the several before-recited Provisions, so far only as JjfiVnTftTfaraT relates to Hard Soap, and the Makers thereof, and no otherwise, shall be, and the same are; hereby re- the^ame^eUtc1

r aled; and in lieu of the before-mentioned Allowance hereby repealed, all and every the Officers of to Hard Soap, xcise, or for the Duties on Soap, shall, and they are hereby required, in charging the Duties upon *nd the Makert Hard Soap, to allow to the respective Makers of Hard Soap, in their Returns or Reports of the several #rV?~

Quantities of Hard Soap made by such respective Makers of Hard Soap, one Pound in every ten Pounds ©t Hard Soap, which such Officer or Officers shall charge upon the respective Makers thereof; which anoWCd 1 lib. i« said Allowance of one Pound in every ten Pounds of Hard Soap, is hereby declared to be in full Compen- loiib.aaa Com-frtion for all Waste, Lodes, or Damages whatsoever. penfrtion in lien

of all Waste, and other Losses.

XV. And whereas great Frauds have been committed by divers Makers of Hard Soap, by removing and ferreting large Quantities of Soap in the Absence of the Officers from the Copper, Pan, or other Utensil wherein the same is made, before the same is put into the Frame :* for Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who, after the fifth Day of Maker* of Hard jFar/p, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, shall make any Hard Soap, shall, at his, her, or their SoaP lo Provi, le own Expence, find, provide, and affix sufficient Wooden Covers (to be approved of in Writing by and order the Hands of the respective Surveyors or Supervisors of Excise of the Division or District in which Hani/aidother every such respective Maker of Hard Soap shall reside) to every Copper, Pan, or other Utensil wherein he j (bail boil or make any Hard Soap; which said Coppers, Pans, or other Utensils, with the Covers thereto vhich the Ofli-affined, and also the Pipe or Pipes that conveys or convey the Waste or Salt Lees from the Copper, Pan, or other Utensil, shall, and they are hereby required to be securely locked and sealed down by the Officer Jhe tuTu’eUmp-of Excise who surveys such Trader, as soon as the Fire is damped or drawn from under the Copper, Pan, e<i} or other Urenfil, whenever any Sonp, or any thing of a Soapy Quality, shall be left therein; which said supnviforta Lock* and Keys to the same, and all other necessary Fastenings for securing the Coppers, Pans, or other »rovide Utensil*, and also the Pipes, shall be provided by the respective Surveyors or Supervisors of Excise of the |j0<ks»Kn*t Division or District in which such respective Makers of Hard Soap shall reside, at the Expence of such plft’nin", ° respective Makers; and whenever any such Maker of Hard Soap shall be desirous of lighting a Fire under thereto, at the such Copper, Pan, or other Utensil so locked and sealed down, and shall have given to the Officer of Ex- E*pmcc a such o*e of the Division or District twelve Hours Notice, if such Maker of Hard Soap shall reside within the Mjkcra» and Vol.X. O LimitsMakcri "€

i d

98

give proper Notice of lighting a Fire under such Copper*, Acc. end the Officer to attend accordingly* Maker not providing such Co* vers, or refusing to pay for the Locks, Fasten-ings, &c. or opening any Copper before the same is duly unlocked. See. forfeits 201.

C. 43. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

Limits and Jurisdiction of the Head Office of Excise in London \ or if such Maker of Hard Soap shall reside in any fart of Great Britain, twenty-four Hours Notice of such his, her, or their Intention, the Officer of Excise shall attend to unlock and open the Copper, Pan, or other Utensil, and the Bipe or Pipes so secured: And if any Maker or Makers of Hard Soap shall, after the said fifth Day July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, presume to make any Hard Soap before.he, she, or they mall have found, provided, and affixed sufficient Wooden Covers, to be approved of as aforesaid, to every Coppery Pan, or other Utensil wherein he, she, or they shall boil or make any Hard Soap, according to the Directions of this AiSt; or shall refuse to pay for the Locks and Keys, and other Fastenings to be provided in pursuance of the Direction of this A£\; or if, by any Act, Device, or Contrivance whatsoever, any such Maker of Hard Soap shall open any Copper, Pan, or other Utensil, or any Pipe or Pipes, after the same shall have been locked down and (ecu red as aforesaid, before the same shall have been unlocked and opened by the-Officer of Excise, or shall wilfully break or damage any such Lock or Seal, or other Fattening, every such Maker or Makers of Hard Soap, offending in any of the said cases, shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and lofc the Sum of twenty rounds.

1 XVI. And whereas very great Frauds have been committed by several Makers of Hard Soap, in light- ing their Fires under their Coppers, Pans, or other Utensils, under a Pretence of Cleansing their Coppers,

or for the preparing of Materials for the making of Soap, without giving any Notice thereof to the pro- per Officer of Excise ;* for Remedy thereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, no Maker or Makers of Hard Soap do presume, on any Pretence, to light a Fire under any Copper, Pan, or other Utensil used in the Boiling of Soap, or for cleansing his, her, or their foul Goods, or in the preparing any Materials for the making of Soap, without first giving in Writing, to the proper Officer of Excise within the Limits and Jurisdiction of the Head Office of Excise in London, twelve Hours Notice at lead, and to the proper Officer or Officers in other Parts of Great Britain, twenty-four Hours Notice at least, of his, her, or theirv Intention to light such Fire, on Pain to forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds*

20 I.

Maker to give due Notice to the proper Officer, of his Intention of lighting Files, whether for making Soap, or cleansing his foul Goods, Sec. under Penalty of

Makertbpro-

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth Day vide proper of Jufy9 one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, all and every Maker and Makers of Hard Soap shall Frames for put- make use of regular square or oblong Frames only, for the cleansing or putting his, her, or their Soap

ting his Soap

in when taken out of the Copper;

and to give Notice thereof to the proper Offi-

fore using;

on Penalty of 20 1*

H ird Soip once put into the Frames, not to

(whether perfect or not perfect) into, when taken out of the Copper or other Utensil where the same was boiled and prepared; and that the Bottom, Sides, and Ends, of every such Frame, shall respectively be of the Thickness of two Inches at the least; and every such Frame shall not exceed forty-fwe Inches in Length, nor fifteen Inches in Breadth; of which Frames all and every Maker and Makers of Hard Soap is and are hereby required to give Notice in Writing at the Office for the Duties on Soap next to the Place where such Soap shall be made, before he, she, or they, do presume to use the same; all which said cerbefore using Frames shall be marked and numbered by, or by the Direction of, the respective Surveyors or Supervisors the Framesto* ®*xc^e w survey the respective Makers of Hard Soap to whom such Frames belong, at the Expence of be marked8 and such respective Makers: And that if any Maker or Makers of Hard Soap shall make use of any other Sort numbered by ihe of Frame, or any other Kind of Vessel, for the Purposes aforesaid; or if the Bottom, or Ends, or Sides* Sui'crvisor, be- of any of the said Frames shall not be of the Thickness before-mentioned; or if any of the said Frames shall exceed forty* five Inches in Length, or fifteen Inches in the Breadth thereof; or if any such Maker or Makers of Hard Soap shall use any such Frame, without giving such Notice thereof as aforesaid, or before the same shall have been marked and numbered as aforesaid; he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Hard Soap (whether perfectly made or not) after the same shall have been clean fed or put into the Frame or Frames, shall, on bcrcuirnrHagiin any Pretence whatsoever, be returned or put again into the Copper or other Utensil for boiling or re-ir tieCo^er, working; and if any such Hard Soap shall be so returned or put again into the Copper or other Utensil, without being the same shall be again charged with the Duties on Soap.

clMiged afrt/h

XIX. And whereas great Frauds have been committed by private and clandestine Makers of Soap and with the uties. c Starch, who, when discovered, do assume to themselves, and are called by other than their true Names, and to avoid, being prosecuted for the same, do withdraw and abscond themselves, that they may not personally have Notice of any Prosecution for the same, or be served with any Process or Summons to WhatAir>ll be answer the same:’ For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after deemed legal and the said first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, the leaving a Summons at the Place and Summon^to 01 ^aces where any such Discovery as aforesaid shall be made, directed to the Person or Persons by his, privjte^nd°dan- ^er> or their right or assumed Name or Names, who shall be prosecuted for making or having made use of denine Maker* any Boiling-house, Working-house, Ware-house, Store-house, Shop, Room, or other Place, for the of Soap or making or keeping of Soap, or for the boiling or keeping any Oil, Tallow, Pot Ash, Lime, or other Starch, liable to Materials proper to be made into Soap; or for using or having made use of any Copper, Kettle, furnace, Prosecution for Cittern, Trough, or other Vessel, for the boiling or making of Soap, without first giving Notice there-

of in Writing at the Office for the said Duties on Soap next to she Place where such Soap shall be made, according to the Directions of the Statute in that Case made and provided; or making or having made use of any Work-house, Store-house, Room, or other Place, for the making and drying, or keeping, of Starch, or for the converting or keeping any Flour, Meal, or other Materials, proper to be made into Starch; or for using or having made use of any Fatt, Trough, Box, Stove, Utensil, or other Vessel, for the making of Starch $ without first giving Notice thereof in Writing at the Office for the Duties on Starch

1 next

sing uncnteied Worktops, Acc. and using affamed Names, tr absconding.

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 43. 99

rext to the Place where such Starch shall be made, according to the Direbfcions of the Statutes in that Case made and provided, shall be deemed to be, and is hereby declared to be, as legal and effectual a Notice or Summons, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Notice or Summons was personally given or delivered to or into the Hands of the Party or Parties for whom the same shall be designed; and as if such Notice or Summons was directed to the Party or Parties to and for whom the same shall be designed, by his, her, or their proper Name or Names.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of June, where Ottrrr one tl.oufand seven hundred and sixty-five, in case any Officer or Officers for the Duties upon Soap and, J,re: s

Ol ill K-iua I'tiiTii t nfllfnnA fKol Hmn nr Pliwlliic ic rar irp nril/9fplir mil/ i n rr iti CniiliO JT*

Candla, or either of them, shall have Cause to suspect that Soap or Candles is or are privately making in ' any Place or Places whatsoever; or that any Soap or Candles is or are lodged or concealed in any Place In'^or'iu-c^n" c< Places whatsoever, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty of his Duty; then, and in every such Case, Ccv>d,anirful! i^on Oath made by such OiEccr or Officers before the Commissioners for the Duties upon Soap or Can- fc: t'ouh ti.e c rj for the time being respectively, or any one or more of them, or before one or more Justice or Justices Vr*,lr*.J or of the Peace, refilling near the Place where such Officer or Officers shall suspebl the same to be privately uroa

nuking, or to be loJjcd, or concealed, setting forth the Ground of his or their Sufpidon, it shall and may J be law.ul to and for the said Commissioner or Commissioners, Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, bciorc whom such Oath shall be made, if he or they shall judge it reasonable, by Special Warrant under a Special War-his or th'.ir respective Hands and Seals, to authorize and impower such Officer or Officers, by Day or by

Night* (but if by Night, then in the Presence of a Constable, or other lawful Officer of the Peace) to to

enter into all and every such Place or Places, where he or they shall so suspect that any Soap or Candles is iq^es^nd feire or are so privately miking, lodged, or concealed, and to ftize and carry away all such Soap or Candles, fUCh Goods,

2i he or they shall there find so privately making, together with all the Materials of what Kind soever with all the Ma-that shall be then ready or preparing for the making either of Soap or Candles; and likewise all such terials, and all Soap or Candles as they shall find so lodged or concealed in any Place or Places whatsoever, as forfeited, c^dfcTas mall together with all and every the Boxes or other Packages wherein such Soap or Candles shall be contained; b^f.unVcon-and the Person or Persons that shall be found so privately making either Soap or Candles, or the Person ceaiedthere5 or Persons in whose Possession any Soap or Candles shall be so found, unless he, she, or they, do make it ap- and where the pear that the Duty has been paid for the same, shall respectively forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Dulics not

appear to hate

rounds, been paid> the

Parties forfeit 1001.

XXI. And whereas by an Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of he/late Majesty Queen Anne, Recital of

intituled, An Act for laying certain Duties upon Hides and Skins, tanned, tawed, or dressedy and upon Vellum Clauses in Act

and Parchment, for the Term of thirty-two Years, for prosecuting the I Vary and other her Majestys mo ft neceft 9 Annx,c. ir, € fan Occasions; it was (amongst other things) enabled. That if any Tanner, Tawer, or Dresser, of Hides

or Skins, or any Maker of Vellum or Parchment, chargeable by the said Act, should remove or convey,

or cause or procure to be removed or conveyed, from his, her, or their Yard or Drying Place, any of the said Hides and Skins, or Pieces of Hides and Skins, or any such Vellum or Parchment, before the Lid Duties shall be fully charged by Weight or Tale, or ad Valorem, as the said Act in the respective Cats doth require; and before the same Hides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides and Skins, and such Vellum and Parchment respectively, should be marked to denote the charging he Duty as the said Act directs;

that then, and in such Case, all and every such Tanner, Tawer, Dretfer, and Maker, should, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds; one Moiety thereof to the Queen, and the other Moiety thereof to him or them that should inform or sue for the same: And moreover, that all the 4 H;dcs and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment, which should be sold or removed contrary to the said Abl, should be forfeited, and should and might fie seized by any of her Majesty's Officers, for her Majesty's Use: And whereas by one other Act passed in the fifth Year of the *nd jGe#, t.

Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties on Adult, Adam, a*

Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and nineteen; and for enlarging the Time for entering at the Exchequer such Alignments of Reverfi mary Annuities as are therein mentioned; and

f r the better securing the Duties on Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment; it was enabled, for the better afrertaining the said Duties, and for preventing the carrying on of Frauds between the Officers for the said Duties, and the Traders and Dealers in the Manufactures and Goods charged with the said Duties;

and to the Intent that Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, and Vellum and Parchment, after they have been weighed and taken an Account of by the Officers for the said Duties, may again be weighed and taken an Account of by the Supervisors and Surveyors of the said Duties; That from and 4 a*rer the tenth Day o (January, one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, all Tanners, Tawers, and Dti tTrrs of Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment, should, from time 4 t > fixe, keep all such Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment, which have n >t been duly damped by the Officers for the said Duties, separate and apart from all other Hides 4 an! Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment, which have been duly damped by the 4 OtFwers for the said Duties; and should also, from time to time, keep all such Hides and Skins, and Piece* of Hides and Skins, and Vellum and Parchment, as from time to time should have been last damped by the Officers for the said Duties, separate and apart from all other Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment, which at any Time or Times before should have been damped by the Officers for the said Duties, during the respectiveTimes therein after mentioned; (that is to uy) Within the Limits of the Wecklv Bills of Mortality, by the Space of twenty-four Hours next after such (tamping thereof by the said Officers, and in other Places out of the Limits of the Lid

O 2 4 Weekly

ICO

G. 43.

Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

Weekly Bills, by the Space of two Days next after such stamping thereof, unless the same should respectively sooner have been weighed and taken an Account of by the respective Surveyors or Supervisors for the said Duties, on Pain to forfeit, for every Offence therein, the Sum of ten Pounds: And where- as, for want of an express Provision, that no Tanner, Tawer, or Dresser of Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, shall remove or convey, or cause to be removed or conveyed, from his, her, or their Yard or Drying Place, any of the said Hides and Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, after the same have been weighed and stamped by the Officers for the said Duties, before the same have been again weighed and taken an Account of by the respective Surveyors or Supervisors for the said Duties, it is notorious, that many such Tanners, Tawers, and DrefTers of Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, have,

through various Pretences, frequently removed and conveyed their Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, from their Yards and Drying Places, and immediately after the same have been weighed and marked by the Officer for the said Duties, whereby the respective Surveyors and Supervisors for the said Duties have been prevented from reweighing and taking an Account thereof, so that great Frauds have been committed between the said Traders and the inferior Officers of Excise, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said last recited Clause, and to the great Detriment of the Revenue and fair Trader :* Now, in order to prevent such Frauds and Abuses agreeable to the Intent of the said last recited Clause it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That no Tanner, Tawer, or Dresser of Hides-or Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, chargeable with the respective Duties by Law payable for the same, shall at any Time or Times, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixtyr-five, remove or convey, or cause, procure, or suffer, to be removed or conveyed, from his, her, or their Yard or Drying Place, or from his, her, or their entered Store-rooms, any Hides or Skins, or Pieces oP Hides or Skins, before the Expiration of twenty-four Hours next after the Stamping thereof by the Officers for the said Duties, unless the same shall sooner have been weighed by the respective Supervisors or naity ot aol. un- Surveyors for the said Duties; to the end that the said respective Supervisors and Surveyors may have an, less they (hill Opportunity to reweigh the same after the said Officers: And if upon the reweighing any such Hides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, any additional Weight shall be found, such Hides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, shall be liable to, and chargeable with the respective Rates and Duties by Law payable for such Hides or Skins, according to such last mentioned Weight: And if any such Tanner, Tawer, or Dresser of Hides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, shall remove, or cause or suffer to be removed, any such Hides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, from any of his, her, or their Yards or Drying Places, or char^withdie entcrec* Store-rooms, contary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act j he, she, or they shall, for every Duty. such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds,

XXII. And, to the end the said respective Surveyors and Supervisors may not be unnecessarily delayed in the Execution of their Duty, it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, all and every such Tanners, Tawers, and Dressers of Hides and Skins, shall, at their respective Yards or Drying Places, be obliged to provide and

keep, at their own Costs and Charges, sufficient and just Scales and Weights for the reweighing such

Weight?inth*ir Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins; and to bring the same to the Scales, and to assist the said: Prying Place*, respective Surveyors and Supervisors in the reweighing such Hides and Skins, and in examining, from andt° hnng the time to tjme> the depending Stock of every such Tanner, Tawer, or Dresser of Bides and Skins, ancf Scales, and af- Pieces of Hides and Skins; and if any such Tanner, Tawer, or Dresser of Hides and Skins, Pieces of the Supervi- Hides and Skins, shall refuse or neglect to provide and keep, at their respective Yards or Drying Places, for in reweigh- sufficient and just Scales and Weights for the reweighing such Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and ing the same, and Skins, or to bring the same to the Scales, or to assist the said respective Surveyors and Supervisors in the in examining ^weighing such Hides and Skins, or Pieces of Hides and Skins, or in the examining, from time to time, their respective depending Stocks as this Act directs; every such Tanner, Tawer, and Dresser of Hides and Skins, or Pieces of Hides and Skins, so refusing or neglecting, shall, in each and every such Case, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXIII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for an Union of the tiuo Kingdoms of England and Scotland it is, by the eighteenth Article of the said Act of Union, declared and enacted, That the Laws concerning Regulation of Trade, Customs, and such Excises to which Scotland is, by virtue of this Treaty, made liable, be the same in Scotland, from and after the Union, as in England; and by the Seventh Article of the said Act of Union, it is also declared-and enacted, That all Parts of the United Kingdom be, for ever, from and after the Union, liable to the same Excises upon all exciseable Liquors; excepting only that the thirty-four Gallons English Barrel of Beer or Ale, amounting to twelve Gallons Scots present Measure, fold in Scotland at nine Shillings and six Pence Sterling, excluding all Duties, and retailed,

including Duties, at two Pence the Scotch Pint, or eighth Part of the Scotch Gallon* be not after the Union liable, on account of the present Excise upon exciseable Liquors in England, to any higher Im-1 position than two Shillings Sterling upon the aforesaid thirty-four Gallons English Barrel, being twelve Gallons the present Scots Measure; yet nevertheless Doubts have been raised whether the Brewers of that particular Species of Beer or Ale mentioned and described in the said seventh Article of the said Treaty of Union, and commonly called and known by the Name of Two Penny Beer or Aley are within the De- feription and Meaning of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for laying several Duties upon Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction; and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses of Brewers, Distillers, and other Persons chargeable with the Duties of Excise; and by reason of such Doubts, great Frauds and Abuses have been,

and are, daily committed and made by the Brewers of such Beer or Ale, which is generally called Two

Tannfr?, Sec. not to remove the Hides or Skins, &c. from the Drying-intr Places or Store-rooms for 24. Hours after the stamping thereof by the Officer for the Putie?, on Pe-

have be-jn sooner weighed by the Suaervisor; and any.additional "Weight which shall be then found, is to be

Tanner to provide proper Scales and

their depending Stocks, on Penalty of 50l.

Recital of I Claufts in Act 5 Aimxt c. 8.

ted AS} of 7 & 8 Wdl. 3, f. 30.

lOI

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 43.

Penny Beer or Ale, by their refusing to permit or suffer the Gau?er or Gaugers, Officer or Officers, to stay and continue in their Brew-houses, Store-houses, or other Places, in the same Manner as all other

Brewers are obliged and accustomed to permit and suffer them, to fee such Guiles or Brewings brewed € off, cleansed, and carried out without Mixture, and by their frauduently carrying a great Part of their

Beer or Worts away from the Sight and View of such Gauger or Gaugers, Officer or Officers, before the same have been charged with any Duty, and which is evidently discovered to be the Practice of such Brewers; from the constant great Disparities which have been, and still are, from time to time, found by the Gauger or Gaugers, Officer or Officers, on their Surveys, between the Cheque Gauges of their Beer or Worts taken in the Coppers, and the real Gauges of the same Beer or Worts when cast out of the Coppers and thrown into the Backs or Coolers, and from whence the Duty is charged, whereby his Ma-

Revenue has been lessened and diminished more than one half to what the same was formerly :9 Now, for removing and putting an End to such Doubts, and for the more effectual preventing the Frauds aforesaid, and other Frauds practised to the Detriment of the Revenue; be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it is the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, and Articles of Union, that The rmred Act the said ASi made and passed in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William of 7 & 8 Will. 3* the Third, herein before mentioned, and every Clause, Matter, and Thing, therein contained (except such ^icljlnr^,i*"e,u Part thereof as was repealed by an Act passed in the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of his said Ma-^1"^ jesty King William the Third) doth now, and always did, by virtue of the said Act, and Articles of Union, jn&, to extend t* extend to that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, and to all and every the Brew- s otiand, and to ers Inn-keepers, and Victuallers therein, of what Kind, Quality, or Denomination soever they shall brew the B,ewer*» or make their Beer or Ale; and that if hereafter any Common Brewer, Inn-keeper, or Victualler, in that viallluc^,*nd Part of Great Britain called Scotland, whether such Common Brewer, Inn-keeper, or Victualler, shall lhrrcm> brcw;ng, brew, or make Party Guiles of Strong Two Penny Beer or Ale, and Small Beer, or whether such Common thfir o*n iwr. Brewer, Inn-keeper, or Victualler, shall brew or make intire Guile or Guiles of one Sort of Beer or Ale or Al«r: offi-ert only, of what Kind or Quality the same shall be, shall, upon due Request or Demand'made by the Gauger accordingly to be or Gaugers, or other Officer or Officers, in the Day-time, or, in the Night, in the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, refuse to permit such Gauger or Gaugers, or other Officer or Officers, g"ugc the Worn* to enter and come into his House, Brewhouse, Storehouse, or other Places belonging to or used by such Brewer, Inn-keeper, or Victualler, or, being lawfully entered, shall refuse such Gauger or Gaugers, or otUer Officer or Officers, to (lay and continue in his Brewhouse or Place of Brewing whilst his Guile is and to continue* brewing, and quietly gauge and take an Account of all and every the Wort and Worts as they are brewed done the 1 a

off and let into his Backs, Tuns, or other Vessels, and to fee their Strong and Small, or other Beer or Ale *.°

01 what Kind or Quality soever, cleansed and carried out without Mixture, and to gauge and take an Account of the Goods in the Marti Tun, or of the Quantity of Malt from which such Wort or Worts are drawn or made, or during such Part of such Brewing or Operation as such Gauger or Gaugers, Officer or Officers, shall think fitting and convenient to (lay and continue; such Brewer, Innkeeper, or Victualler, for every such Offence, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds; and the Informer or Prosecutor on Penalty of shall not he obliged to prove that such Brewer, Inn keeper, or Victualler, did carry cr deliver out any Part *01# of such Guile of Beer or Ale before he paid and cleared the Duties for the same; any thing in the former Acts of Kxcile, or any other Act or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And whereas Doubts have arisen upon the Construction of an Act of Parliament made and Act $ & g,

passed in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act y$r Wll,*3»

repealing a Clanje in a former Act relating to Party G titles and for the better preventing Frauds and Abuses of Brmjnsy and others chargeable with the Duties of Excise, whether such Common Brewers of the Beer or Ale aforesaid, commonly called or known by the Name of Two Penny Beer or Aley are by the said Act Therccitri Art obliged to declare to the Gauger or Gaugers the Quantity and Quality of such Beer or Ale so brewed or»f 8 3*

made determined by them, in the same Manner as Common Brewers of Party Guiles now do by virtue of the said Act:’ Now, to obviate those Doubts, be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it is the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act and Articles of Union, that the said Act of the eighth and Mtan. g, mCr-

rmth Years of the Reign of King William the Third do, by virtue of the said Act and Articles, extend to tend to wi-mV ail and every Part of the United Kingdom, and to all and every Common Brewer within the same: And Jnd to J,! Ctm-that all and every Common Brewer, whether of the Beer or Ale aforesaid, commonly called or known by wot! 0 V. the Name of Two Penny, or of what Kind or Quality soever he shall make his Worts, liecr, or Ale, shall Common Vr^l declare (on Demand made by the Gauger or Gaugers) the Quantity and Quality of the Beer, Ale, or Worts, cr to dccUre to tn*de and brewed by him or them on each respective Guile or Brewing, before any Part of such Guile is the Ofluenhe cleansed or removed out of his Tuns, or other Vessels or Utensils: And in case any such Brewer, or his re- Q^ant, tyand spective Servants, brewing or making such Guile of Beer or Ale, shall refuse to make such Declaration wort* before aforesaid, such Gauger or Gaugers shall charge and return the Whole of such Guile to be Strong, and such the GuiU is re-Brcwcrsihall pay the Duties thereof accordingly; and shall also forfeit and lole, for every Barrel of Beer or Ale moved out of the-contained in such Guile, the Sum of twenty Shillings: And in case any Common Brewer, or his respt ftive Tun»*

Servant or Servants, after such Declaration made as aforesaid, shall make any Increase of Strong Beer or^aiViii to^bc-Strong Ale, or Two Penny Beer or Ale, so declared by any Ways or Means whatsoever -r or shall mix his chared* trong, liecr or Ale of one Guile or Brewing with any Beer or Ale of any other Guile or Brewing, or with Small and ,h«. p.itv u> Beer or ichimed Drink, or with Water, or by any other Ways or Means whatsoever or in case such be tad acccrJ-Gauger or Gaugers shall find any Beer, Ale, or Worts, of the same Guile laid off, over and above thcan*,v» with20 Q/ai»rity so declared as aforesaid; such Brewers shall forfeit and lose for every Barrel so increased or mixed,

L d off, or found over and above the Quantity so declared as aforesaid, the Sum of five Pounds; and the fJ*I

hcivaju or Servants of such Brewer^or other Person or Persons, and every of them, who was or wcic any duicm* luoutu

ways

102 C. 4.3. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

or Mixture shall ways concerned, or aiding or assisting in making any such Encrease or Mixture after the said Declaration, or Beer^ran *n any Beer or Ale, or Worts, of such Guile, before such Declaration made as aforesaid,

the Guile^all ^all ancJ lose for every Barrel so encreased, mixed, or laid off, the Sum of twenty Shillings; and in

be taid oft’; Default of Paym:nt thereof, shall suffer three Months Imprisonment; unless it shall appear, that such Brewer to for- Encrease or Mixture was made by adding to, or mixing with the same any Beer or Ale that was lett in his 51. per or her Brewhouse of a former Guile of his or her brewing; and unless it shall also appear, that such E11-Bcnons afltfting crea,e or Mixture was added or made in the Sight and View of the proper Gauger or Officer.

in such Frauds to forfeit moreover 20 s. per Barrel j and on Non-payment to be committed for three Months,

Recital ofciause

XXV. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the eighth and ninth Years of his Majesty W 8 & 9 King William the Third, intituled, An Act for repealing a Clause in a former Act relating to Party Guiles,

i. 3. c. 19. i an£jor yetter preventing Frauds and Abuses of Brewers and others chargeable with the Duties of Excise;

it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That if any common Brewer shall, at any Time after the tenth Day of April, which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and ninety-seven, without Notice first given at the next Office, erect or set up any Tun, Batch, Float, Cooler, or Copper, or shall alter or enlarge any Tun, Batch, Float, Cooler, or Copper, already erected or set up, or shall have or keep any private or concealed Tun, Batch, Float, Cooler, or Copper, other than such as are openly discovered and known to be commonly used in his Brewhouse, or Place of Brewing; every such Brewer shall forfeit and lose for every Tun, Batch, Float, Cooler, and Copper, so erected, set up, altered, or enlarged,

kept private or concealed, without such Notice given as aforesaid, the Sum of two hundred Pounds

And whereas it very frequently happens that Brewers do alter the Situation and Postion of such of their Utensils in their own Favour, and in Prejudice to the Revenue, without giving any such Notice, where-

by it is very difficult, and sometimes imprfible for the Gauger or Officer to ascertain the true Dips, and the Quantity of the Liquor contained therein, and thereby the good Intent of the said Act is greatly

Common Brewer ‘ defeated and rendered ineffectual For Remedy whereof, be it therefore enacted by the Authority afore-altering the Si- said, That if any common Brewer shall, from and after the said fifth Day of fuly, one thousand seven tuation or Pofi- hundred and sixty-five, alter the Situation or Postion of any Tun, Batch, Float, Cooler, or Copper, Brewin ^Utcn- a^r t*le ^ame ^ath keen ^et UP an<* ^xec*> without firtl giving Notice thereof in Writing to the Officer of filT^Uiout*0* the Division or Place appointed to survey, gauge, and take an Account of his Beer, Ale, or Worts; or giving Notice to shall place any Boards, Stone, Wood, or any other Materials, at, in, or upon the Dipping Place or the proper offi- Places of any such Tun, Batch, Float, Cooler, or Copper, or shall by any other Ways or Means prevent cer, or placing or hinder such Gauger or Officer from taking true Dips and Gauges of such Beerr Ale, or Worts, every Dip^ngnphc^C ^ch Bfewer shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds.

See, to prevent the taking the true Gauge, forfeit* ao 1.

Rectal of clause 4 JfXVI. And whereas by a Clause in an Act of Parliament passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign in Act 18 Geo. of h|s ]ate Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repealing the present Inland Duty of

a. c. 26. < Shillings per Pound Weight upon all Tea fold in Great Britain, and for granting to his Majesty certain

other Inland Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better securing the Duty upon Teay and other Duties of Excise 5 4 and for pursuing Offenders out of one County into another: \ reciting. That whereas by the Lgws then in force concerning the Duties of Excise, and other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Ex- cife, in that Part of Great Britain called England, all Forfeitures and Offences made and committed within the immediate Limits of the Chief Office in London, were to be heard, adjudged and determined, by the Chief Commissioners and Governors of Excise; and all such Forfeitures and Offences made and committed within aH or any other the Counties, Cities, Towns or Places, in England, were to be heard ' 4 and determined, by any two or more of the Justices of the Poacc, residing near to the Place where such

Forfeitures shall be made, or Offence committed; and reciting also, that many Persons chargeable with Duties of Excise, or other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners, or incurring Penal- ties by Offences against the said Laws, did frequently avoid Prosecutions for the same, by removing out of the Jurisdiction wherein such Duties were charged, or Offence committed, to the great Prejudice of the Revenue, and Discouragement of the fair Traders: For Remedy whereof, it was by the said Act enacted, That from aiyj after the twenty-fourth Day of June> one thousand seven hundred and forty-five, it should and might be lawful for the said Commissioners and Justices respectively within whose Jurisdiction ' 4 any Person charged with any of the Duties, or who should have committed any Offence against the said

Laws, or any of them, or against the said Act, should be found, to summon, hear, adjudge, and de-

termine, and issue any Process or Warrant, in the same Manner as such Commissioners might then do, in case of such Offences as were committed within their respective Jurisdictions; and in case the said Commissioners or Justices should, upon any Judgment given by them respectively, issue a Warrant or Warrants of Distress, and the Person or Persons authorised to execute such Warrant, or any of them, should make a Return thereto, that no sufficient Distress could be found, then it should and might be lawful for the said Commissioners and Justices respectively, within whose Jurisdiction the Party should at any Time be found against whom such Warrant should have been ilfaed, upon producing to them such Warjintand Return thereof, to commit such Offender to the next County Goal, till Satisfaction should be ffiade: And whereas, since the passing of the said Clause, divers other Rates and Duties of Excise, and other Rates and Duties, have by virtue of several Acts of Parliament been put under the Management of the respective Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland; and it is proper that the Provisions in the last recited Clause should be extended to all and every Law and Laws concerning the Duties of Excise,

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 43. 103

or other Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland \ Power* *nd Probe it therefore declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, j^a^d Provisions, and Directions, enacted by the said last recited Clause, shall and m3y, from and after the Jre<1 ciaufcTco fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, be used, practised, applied, and put in Exe- bt put in cution, against all and every Person or Persons who shall commit any Offence or Offences against any Act Execution *-or Actsot Parliament concerning the Duties of Excile, or any other Duties under the Management of the

r« fj>ective Commissioners of Excile in England and Scotland for the time being, in as full and effectual 'ini?n® M. nner, as if the said Powers, Authorities, Provisions, and Directions, had b*en enacted in the Body of any Arts con-each rclprctive Act; any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. ceming the

XXVII. And whereas the Laws already made to prevent the clandestine importing and landing of Duties of Excise. 4 fotcion Brandy, Rum, Strong Waters, or other Spirits, in final 1 Vessels, which hover upon the Qoafts of this Kingdom, have been found infuflacient for that Purpose;’ be it further enacted by the Authority afore- w,vre fore*cn laid. That from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, if any foreign ^fou'hr^n'ro^n Br.ndy, Arraclc, Rum, Strong Waters, or Spirits of any Kind whatsoever, (h ill be imported or brought pr5°rV^of from any Part of Europe; or from and after the first Day of December, one- thousand I'even hundred and Err/ininvert'd* fixrv-hve, shall be imported or brought from any Part of Asia, Afr ica* or America, into Great Britain, or 1,0 Tons into any Port, Harbour, Haven, or Creek thereof, in any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, of the Burthen of one Bu*then> of hundred Tons, or under (except only for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on board such are

Ship, Vessel, or Boat, not exceeding two Gallons for every such Seaman) every such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, liable to^foifei-with all her Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, and also all such Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Strong Waters, turc, together or Spirits, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited and lost; and shall and may be seized, prosecute I, con- lhcVdlcl, demned, and disposed of in the same Manner as other forfeited Goods and Ships or Veil’.U, not exceeding firry Tons Burthen, are directed to be seized, prosecuted, condemned, and disposeJ of, by an Act made in " 9

the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Improvement of goo<U and Vef- h is Majesty's Revenue of Customs; and for the Encouragement of Officers making Seizures; and for the fJ; under 50

Prevention of the clandestine Running of Goods into any Part of his Majesty's Dominions.’ Tens Burthca

may by Act 3

Geo. 3.

XXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thatfrom and after the fifth No Geneva or

Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, no foreign Spirits called Geneva, and that from Rmi may be and after the hrft Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, no Rum shall be imported or*i in less or brought into Great Britain, in any Vessel or Cufk which shall not contain sixty Gallons at the least (exj- 60 Gallor* ccpting ordy for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on board-the Ship or Veiled in which the same shall be imported, not exceeding two Gallons for each Seaman) on Forfeiture thereof; to be seized, pro- ^crFc^.twc secured, ard divided, in the Manner herein before mentioned.

XXIX. Provided always, That in case it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners except British of his Majesty's Customs in England or Scotland respectively, that any Rum, being the Produce or Manu- made Rum iro.n facture of any of his Majesty's Dominions in America, shall be imported directly from thence in (mail Calks, ^cTdircCt-without Fraud or Conccilment, cither for the Use of the Master in the Voy‘age, or for the private Use of iyVrTmthence/ Merchants or Traders so importing the same, or dengned as Pielcnts, and not by way ot Merchandize; that and dtfaned (or then, and in every such Case, it shall and maybe lawful for the said respective Commissioners, if they prlvat; use, think proper, to admit such Rum to an Entry, and cause the Duties thereof to be accepred instead'of the wl, ch maX Forfeiture thereof before mentioned; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding, EnTrv^and to pay ihc Outic*.

XXX. And whereas great Quantities of Brandy, Rum, and other Spirits, are cF.ndc frrnely run on where Spirits of Shore in Great Britain* from small Vessels which are cleared outwards from Ireland, m dir the Pretence anX dull of being deltmed with such Goods to foreign Parrs ;* to prevent which Practices for the future, be it en~ tJrfa'Vor E°r'V-acteJ by the Authority aforesaid, That from end after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred J,7on fr^m*ircl and sixty-five, if any Bran :y. Rum, Strong Waters, or Spirits of any Kind whatsoever, shall be entered land in Vessel or stopped for Exportation from the Kingdom of Ireland, to any Port or Place not within the same King-under iod Tod* dom, in any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, under the Burthen of one hundred Tons, except only for the Use H,rthrn» of the Seamen then belonging to anti on board such Ship or Vessel, not exceeding two Gallons for each such Seaman; every such Ship or Veiled, with all her Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, and also all such fjjzc/^d^rc Brandy, Rum, Strong Waters, or Spirits, shall be forfeited, anti shall and may be fe’zcd by any Officer dccUrrd to be or Officers of the Revenue in Ireland, and prosecuted, tried, determined, and disposed of, in such and ioifcited, the like Manner as any Forfeiture incurred by the Laws now in force in the said Kingdom of Ireland, aga.r.il the running or intending to run Goods inro that Kingdom, may, by any Act or Acts of Parliament cow in force in that Kingdom, be prosecuted, tried, determined, and disposed of.

XXXI. And whereas Tobacco, Rum, and other Goods, are shipped for Exportation to the Iflunds of NoDrawbxfkor Fary or Ferro, being Part of the Dominions of the King of Denmark, with no other Intent than frau- Bounty to be 4 (Fdcntly to reland the same on the Coast of Great Britain or Ireland\ which Practices, if not picvcnted, ,0*c‘l for 2r, Y 4 wftl greatly diminish his Majesty's Revenues of Customs, and be very prejudicial to the fair Traders ^omG*ca?Bri-For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Drawback or Boon y tjn or pcLna^ shall be adowed for any Goods whatsoever, which, from and after the fifih Day of July, one thoi.fqpd to the of fi"vcn hundred and sixty-five next, shall be exported from Great Britain or Ireland, to the said Blanks of I>0; n r Cuck-Va'o or Ferro; nor fh fil any Cocket or Clearance be granted for the exporting to the said hlvnds any el *r,ol*"1 ,or (Jor»ds which are prohibited to be worn or used either in Great Britain or Ireland3 any Law, Custom, or hXled Gwd* Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. thuher.

io^> 0« 43.

Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

Penalty of enter, ing Goods for Exportation to foreign Parts, other than the Islands of Faro,

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Merchant or other Person shall enter any Goods for Exportation to foreign Parts, other than to the said Islands of Faro or Ferro, in order to obtain the Drawback or Bounty for the same; or if any Goods which are prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain or Ireland, shall be entered for Exportation to foreign Parts, other than to the said Islands of Faro or Ferro; and such Goods shall nevertheless be carried to the said Islands, and landed

in order to obtain there contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this ACfc; that then, and in every such Case, the Draw-^ouiltv^amd or Bounty paid or to be paid for the same, shall be forfeited; and the Exporter of such Goods, and the iffo prohibited Matter of the chip or Vessel on board which the same were loaden and exported, and every Person concerned Goods so enter-or assisting in the Exportation or Landing of the said Goods, whether any Drawback or Bounty has been ed; and after- or is to be paid for the same or not, shall forfeit treble the Value of the Goods; and the Ship or Vessel on wards landing board which such Goods were loaden and exported, with all her Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, shall is forfbiture^f0’ a ^of^ejted, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted by any Officer of the Customs or Excise in the Bounty, and Britain or Ireland; and the several Penalties and Forfeitures herein before mentioned, shall and may treble Value of be sued for and recovered in such and the like Manner, as any Forfeiture incurred by any Law of the the Good?, to- Revenue may be sued for and recovered in the^ Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland respectively; one gether with the Moiety of which Penalties and Forfeitures (after deducing the Charges of Prosecution) shall he to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors; and the other Moiety to such Officer of the Customs or Excise as shall sue or prosecute for the same.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, the said Islands of Faro or Ferro shall be added to, and included in the Oath upon all Debentures for Goods exported, whereon the Exporter is to swear, that such* Goods are not landed or intended to be landed in Great Britain or Ireland.

XXXIV. And, for preventing the Frauds frequently used in importing Coffee in small Quantities,

whereby the same is more easily conveyed away without Payment* of any Duties for the same;* be it hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, no Coffee shall be brought or imported from any Part of Europe; or from and after the first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, shall be brought or imported from any Part of Asia, Africfi, or America, into Great Britain, or into any Port, Harbour, Haven, or Creek thereof, in any Ship or Vessel, from any Place or Places whatsoever beyond the Seas, otherwise than in Cask, Chest, Case, Bag, or other Package, each. Calk, Chest, Case, Bag, or other Package whereof shall contain one hundred and twelve Pounds of neat Coffee at the lead, to be flowed openly in the Hold of such Ship or Vessel importing the same; on Pain to forfeit all the Coffee so brought or imported contrary to this Act, with the Package containing the same, which shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Customs or Excise.

XXXV. And whereas by an Act of Parliament passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repealing certain Duties therein mentioned, payable upon Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate, and Cocoa Paste imported; and for granting certain Inland Duties in lieu thereof;

and for prohibiting the Importation of Chocolate ready made, and Cocoa Paste; and for better ascertaining the Duties payable upon Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa Nuts imported; and for granting Relief to Robert Dalziel, late Earl of Carnwath; it was, amongst other Things, provided and enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of Tune, One thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, all Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa Nuts, imported into the Kingdom of Great Britain from any foreign Parts, upon the Entry thereof at the Custom-house, and paying or securing the several Subsidies and additional Imposts which should then

remain due thereon, should be forthwith carried or put into such Warehouse or Warehouses as should be for that Purpose provided, at the Charge of the respective Importer or Importers of such Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa Nuts, and shall be approved of by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or the major Part of them, for the time being: And whereas several Persons have refused or neglected, for a long Time after the Importation of such Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa Nuts, to make due Entry thereof, and to pay or secure the several Subsidies and additional Imposts due thereon, and have insisted to keep the same on board, by which Means the Revenue of Excise hath been unnecessarily put to a very considerable Expence, by keeping Tidesmen on board the Ships; and great Opportunities are also obtained for embez- zlingor running on Shore all or Part of the said Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa Nuts, without Payment of

Importer of C©f- C any Duties for the same, notwithstanding the utmost Care and Vigilance of the Officers of Excise to fec^Tca, or prevent the same for Remedy whereof, be it hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from Cocoa Nuts, is and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, the Importer or Importers to enter the Gf any Coffee, Tea, or Cocoa Nuts, imported into Great Britain, within thirty Days next after the Master or Purser, for that Voyage, of the Ship or Vessel wherein the said Coffee, Tea, or Cocoa Nuts, por^made at the imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall have, or ought to have, made a just

Custom House and true Entry or Report, upon Oath, of the Burthen, Contents, and Lading, of such Ship or Vessel,

of the Ship’s in pursuance of the Directions of the Statute made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of Arrival, &c. King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and regulating Abuses in his Majestys Cuf-jU & "Icar^ iomsy shall make due Entry thereof, with an Officer of the Excise, to be appointed by the respective Com-c. 11. and it to missioners of Excise in England and Scotland for that Purpose, and land the same, to be put in the Ware-duly land the h<£:fes as aforesaid, on Pain to forfeit, for every Neglect or Refusal to make such Entry, or to land the same, to be put fame according to the Directions of this Act, all such Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa Nuts, with the Package wfierein the same shall be contained on board such Ship or Vessel, belonging to such Importer or Importers Forfeiture tb*erc- kme neglecting or refusing; which shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the

Vessel.

The Islands of Faro to be included in the Oath upon Debentures for Goods exported,

No Coffee to be imported in lets Packages than f 12 lb. neat Coffee,

«n Penalty of Forfeiture.

Recital of Clause in Act 10 Geo. c I. c. 10. €

Excise.

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Gbojigii III.

C. 43. 105

XXXVI. Provided always, and It is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the this is not to last mentioned Provision stall not extend, or be construed to extend* to any Coffee or Tea imported, or to ^tend *°*nv be imported, by the East India Company.

Fart- India Company, -

XXXVII. And whereas in Cases where any Person or Persons is or are at Liberty to export to foreign Parts any Wares or Merchandizes, subject to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excite, such Person or Persons is or are required, by the Laws now in being, to make Proof upon

Oath or by Affirmation, that the Duties of such Wares or Merchandizes hath been paid or secured,

according to the several Acts by which such Duty is respectively laid upon such Wares or Merchandizes;

which Oath or Affirmation the Collector, who received the said Duty, is hereby required and impower-

ed to administer; and also to give to such Person or Persons gratis a Certificate or Certificates, expressing

the Kinds and Weights of such Wares or Merchandizes, and the Duties paid for the same: Ana

whereas it frequently happens, that such Collectors are absent from Home, in the Execution of other, ointcdb^ths

Parts of their Duty, when such Persons, so intending [to export such Wares or Merchandizes, do commissioner§8 4 apply, in order to make such Proof upon Oath or by Affirmation, and to receiveTuch Certificate, by of Excise, may, m 4 which Means such Persons are prevented from or greatly delayed in the Exportation of such Wares or the Absence of

Merchandizes ;r be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Daythe GolJe^0.^,

to

the

of juivy one thousand seven hundred and hxty-fiye, it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons, o^req^ired 1 as stall be appointed by the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively for the time being, be taken on th* or the major Part of them respe&iyely, within their several Districts, to administer such Oath or Affirma- Exportation of tion, in the Absence of the respective Collectors, to the Persons so applying for the same, in order to export Goods liab,c to such Wares and Merchandizes as aforesaid; and to give gratis to such Person such Certificate or Certificates, ‘hc Duties of so required by the several Acts by which such Duty is respectively laid upon such Wares or Merchandizes, prope^certifi-11 In such Manner as the Collectors of Excise are now by Law required.and impowered to do. cates.

XXXVIII. And whereas it is expedient that the like Provisions which are made by Law to prevent

_ # ^: Vessel* not ex-

fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, where any Ship Or Vessel whatsoever comingccedin? 5° Ton* or arriving from foreign Parts, airi having on boara twenty Pounds Weight of Coffee, or any Goods Pur£cn» ?rTrtr' whatsoever which are liable to Forfeiture by any Act of Parliament now in force, upon being imported into p^TounT^ Great Britain, stall be found at Anchor, or hovering within the Limits of any of the Ports of this King- hovering on the dom, or within two Leagues of the Shore, or stall be discovered to have been within the Limits of any Port, CojA, having and not proceeding on her Voyage, Wind and Weather permitting, unless in case of unavoidable Neccf- *°lb* of Cost'ee» fity and Distress and Weather, of which Necessity and Distrefe the Matter, Purser, or other Person having £n board habile' or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessrf, stall give Notice to, or make Proof of, before to Forfeiture/ the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs of such Port as aforesaid, immediately after the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel in the said Port; all such Goods, together with the Chests, Boxes, Casks, may be seized and other Package whatsoever, containing the same Goods, or the value thereof, stall be forfeited and loll, and the Vena! whether Bulk stall then have been broken or not; and the Ship or Vessel, on board which such Goods stalland Cords are be so found, with all her Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, stall also be forfeited and lost; provided such Ship confi!caled* br Vessel doth not exceed the Burthen of fifty Tons; and the same stall and may be seized, prosecuted, and are tobedif-condemned, and disposed of, in the same Manner as other forfeited Goods, and Ships or Vessels not exceed- posed of as di-ing fifty Tons Burthen, are directed to be seized, prosecuted, condemned, and disposed of, by att Act made b> Aa 3 in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Improvement Geo. 1-c* *x*

of his Majesty's Revenue of Customs; and for the Encouragement of Officers making Seizures; and for the Prevention of the clandestine Running of Goods from any Part of his Majesty's Dominions.

XXXIX. And, in order to prevent any collusive Agreements between the Officers of his Majesty's Customs or Excise making Seizures, and the Owners or other Persons concerned in the importing or landing any Goods liable to Forfeiture; it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Where onicer* fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, if any Officer of the Customs or Excise, or other Person authorised to make Seizures, stall seize any Goods as forfeited by this Act; or any Tea,# foreign Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Strong Waters, or Spirits, as forfeited, by an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for indemnifying Persons or Act9 Geo. t. 4 who have been guilty of Offences against the Laws made for securing the Revenues of Customs and Excise, c. 35.

and for enforcing those Laws for the future ;* on board any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, and shall not lcize on Hoard any and prosecute the Shipor Vessel on board which such Goods stall have been brought, found, or seized; or VeiM, and not if any such Officer or Officers stall seize any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes whatsoever, which stall cutVthcShlp or have been unshipped, landed, removed, or carried, contrary to Law, and shall not also seize and prosecute shall make Sei*-the Boat, Vessel, Cart, Horse, or other Cattle or Carriage, made use of in the removing, carrying, dr ures on Shore, conveying of such Goods; and stall not discover to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs or Excise, and not seize and the Persons concerned in unshipping or receiving such Goods, so that they may be prosecuted for the Penal- ^ni/and Parties incurred by Law for such Offences; such Officer and Officers stall, in each and every such Case, in ^age^Lc. em-lieu and instead of the Moiety or Share which he or they is or are now intitled to by Law upon the Con- pioyed in mn-demnation of such Goods, be intitled to no more than one-third Part of the net Produce arising by the Sale ring the lame, of such Goods; and the remaining two-thirds stall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succef-cnd d»^overthe fors i any Law, Custom, or Ufrgc, to the contrary notwithstanding. ^ned*therein

they are to receive instead of a Moiety, but one-third of the Produce arising by the Sale; the rest to go to the Crown.

V01.X. P XL. And

106 C. 43.

Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

XL. And whereas great Frauds have been earned on by the Makers and Proprietors of Salt, in Col-

lusion with the Officers appointed for the Duties on Salt; which Frauds have been greatly prejudicial,

not only to the Revenue, but to the fair Trader: And whereas Provision has not hitherto been made for

c subjecting such of the said Officers as are guilty of these evil Practices to any Penalty, other than the

c Penalty of the Bond given by them for the faithful Discharge of their Trust, which Penalty is not suffi-

Officers for the cient to prevent such Frauds \ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after

Sait p«itic6 be- the fifth Day of Jul^ one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, if any Officer for the Duties on Salt ingginiry of any shall deliver, or cause or suffer to be delivered, or be consenting or privy to the delivering, removing* fioaTinVheExe* or conveying, British) White Salt, Refined Salt, Rock Salt, or Salt Rock, from any Salt Work, Crib* cudon of their Store-house, Ware-house, or other Place, made use of for making, refining, or keeping, of any such Salt* Office, or from any Salt Pit or Pits, or to the landing any Foreign Salt out of any Ship or Vessel, importing the

lame from Parts beyond the Seas, before the same be fairly, duly, and truly, entered and charged in the Book or Books enjoined to be kept for that Purpose, whereby the Maker, Refiner, or Owner, of such forfeit, over and British White Salt, Refined Salt, Rock Salt, or Salt Rock, or the Merchant or Importer of such Foreign t d^hcBoTds Salt, shall become chargeable with and liable to the full Payment of the Duties due and payable thereon given by them, to ^1S Majesty, his Heirs and Successors 5 such Officer or Officers, for the Duties on Salt, so offending, double the Value as aforesaid, shall, in every such Case, forfeit and lose, over and above the Penalty of the Bond he entered, of the Salt, and into, either by himself or Sureties, for the due Performance of the Trust reposed in him, double the Value of such Salt, and also ten Shillings per Bushel, and after that Rate for any greater or lesser

Ho Jo s. per Buffiel

Quantity.

And whereas in all Cases where Salt is shipped on board Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, in 1 order to be carried down Rivers or Coastwise, for the Purposes of the Fishery, or to be reshipped for € Exportation, or otherwise, great Care should be taken for the preventing Frauds that may be committed ‘ by clandestinely landing Part of the said Salt in such Voyage be it therefore enacted by the Authority Sait shippedfor aforesaid, That from and after the fifth Day of Julvy one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, all fuefr the Fisherie*, Salt which shall be landed without the Presence ot an Officer for the Duties on Salt, shall be forfeited

frc,n,otht®.e and loft, and also ten Shillings per Bushel, to be recovered of the Owner of such Boat, Barge, or other

PrefcftceVan Vessel 5 and all Vessels, Boats, Barges, Trows, or Lighters, out of which any such Salt shall be taken. Officer, on For- or put on Shore, together with their Tackle and Apparel, shall also be forfeited and lost 5 and every Person feiture thereof, that shall take any such Salt out of any such Ship or Vessel of any Kind, or carry the same on Snore, or

and ios, per convey the same from the Shore when landed, or be aiding or assisting the rein, mall forfeit the Sum of

v"B.Wod .0twenty Pounds for every such Offence.

by every Person concerned therein.

Where Person*

one

XLII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth Day of shall be found thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officer and Officers of carrying Salt, the said Duties on Salt, at every Place where he or they shall meet with any Person or Persons carrying or roand a sight of convey*n? Salt by Day or by Night, by Land or by Water, to demand a Sight of the Permit or Certi-the Permits, and fixate which was granted by the Collector or Officer for the Duties on Salt, or some or one of them, for reweigh such the Carrying or Conveying the said Salt and if, upon producing such Permit or Certificate, the said Salt, if he think* Officer or Officers shall have Reason to believe, or shall suspect, that there is more Salt than is expressed o exCeC<!,fohC *n Permit or Certificate, that then, and in every such Case, the said Officer or Officers shall and w^Th' the Per- may> at h,s ow? Expence, reweigh the said Quantity of Salt; and if the Salt, on the Reweighing the mit is granted; fame, shall be found to be more in Weight than what is contained in the said Permit or Certificate, that the SurphisSalt then the Surplusage that shall exceed the Quantity contained in the said Permit or Certificate shall bs forfeited, aitt forfeited and lost, and the Person or Persons concerned in so carrying or conveying the same, shall also the Persons we severally be liable to the same Penalties and Forfeitures as any Person or Persons is or are liable to by this naltiei#0 * an<* any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties on Salt, for removing, conveying, or carrying, any Salt or Rock Salt from any Salt Work or Salt Works, Pit or Pits, Place or Places, thereunto belonging, without due Entry of the same, or Payment of the Duties, or giving Security for such Duties, or without Warrant, Ticket, or Licence, for conveying, carrying, or removing the same.

XLIII. And whereas it js necessary that the Penalty infhfted by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of Queen Anne} upon Persons obstructing the Officers for the said Duties in the Execution of

their Offices, or of the Powers given by the said Act, or any Law relating to the said Duties then in Force, should be extended to Persons guilty of the like Offences against this or any other Act relating to the said Duties \ be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall obstruct or hinder any

ing, &c.Officers Officer or Officers, for the said Duties, in the Execution of his or their Offices, or of the Powers given in the Execution them by this Act, or any other Law relating to the said Duties, or shall beat or abuse the said Officers, or of their Duty, 2ny of them, in the Execution of his or their Offices; such Person and Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XLIV. And be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth Day °fjuly\ one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, if any Salt, as well British) as Foreign, Rock Salt, or Saft refined from Rock Salt, or Red Herrings or White Herrings, or any other Sort of Fish, be fei2ed d a for Non-payment of Duties, or any other Cause of Forfeiture, by any of "the Laws relating to the Duties

and any Dispute on Salt or Eish now in Force, and any Dispute shall arise whether the said Salt or Herrings, or other Kind feali artfe there- of Fish, had been duly entered* and the Duties for the same duly paid, or fee tired to be paid; or that upoo, such Salt or Herrings, or other Kind of Fish, had been legally condemned; or that the Salt had been duly

entered and locked up for the Fishery, according to Law; or that the Quantity of Salt used in the curing s mf

Personi obstruct-

forfeit tol.

Where Salt or Ftth shall be irizea for \Ton-payment of

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 44. 10

ioffifti, as set forth in the Curer’s Account, was truly used; then, and in such cases, the Proof thereof the Onui Pro-shall lie on the Owner or Claimer of such Salt or Herrings, or the Carer of Filb, and not on the Officer ban who shall seize or flop such Salt, Herrings, or other Kind of Fish; any thing in this or any other Act of00 e wher# Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth Day of Sa,t °* July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, in all Cases whatsoever where Salt or Fish of any Kind to Forfeiture" shall be liable to Seizure, by virtue of this or any former Act of Parliament, that the Bags, Sacks, Casks, the Package, # or other Package, and also the Carriages, Horses, and other Cattle, made use of in carrying and conveying Carriages, and the same, be also forfeited and lost; and that it be lawful for the Officers of the Salt Duties, and the Offi- Cattle employed cers of the Customs, to seize the same. therein, are for.

KLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, How all Finer inflicted by this Act, and for which no other Directions are before particularly given, shall be sued for, Penalties, and* recovered, levied, or mkigated, in Manner following; that is to say. For all Offences committed against any Forfeitores, for of the Provisions herein before contained, with Telpeft to the Duties under the Management of the Com- which noother missioners of the Customs, by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, isp«fion 19 or may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Law's relating to the said Duties; and Sed for^rcco-for all Offences committed against any of the Provisions herein before contained, with respect to the Duties Tered.ormiti-under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any gated

Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, is or may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise 5 and for all Offences committed against any of the Provisions herein before contained, with respect to the said Duties on Salt, by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, is or may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Law's relating to such Duties; or that all or any of the said respective Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, may be sued for and recovered by and applied* Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively j and that in all Cases where it is not otherwise directed by this Act, one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the lame.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be Commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any other Act of Parliament relating to his Majesty's Revenues of Customs, Excise, or Salt Duties, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, shall and may plead the General Issue, and General Issue. give the said Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be nad thereupon, and that the lame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of such Act; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer, or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Treble CO* Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for repealing the Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for vesting the Fort of Senegal, and its Dependencies, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; and to vest as well the said Fort and its Dependencies, as all other the British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, lying between the Port of Sallee and Cape Rouge% together with all the Property, Estate, and Effects of the Company of Merchants trading for Africa, in or upon the said Forts, Settlements, and their Dependencies, in his Majesty \ and for securing, extending, and improving the Trade to Africa.

intituled,

Compenfai

Caftlts, Sim/«j, r uivrcj, urn* U» vivtr w K/uyvt i/fc/ f unit m/ a v/ wtejioioy

Slaves, and Military Stores, and all other their Effects in the Company of Merchants^ trading to Africa; and for other Purposes in the Act mentioned; all and every the British ))Yo\Xs% Lands, Castles, Settlements,

and Factories, on the Coast of Africa, beginning at Port Sallee^ and extending from thence to the Cape of Good Hope inclusive, which had been granted to the Royal African Company of England, by their Charter bearing Date the twenty-seventh Day of September, in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of c King Charles the Second; or which had been after that Time erected or purchased by the said Company; and all other the Regions, Countries, Dominions, Territories, Continents, Coasts, Ports, Bays, Rivers, and Places, lying and being within the aforesaid Limits, and the Islands near adjoining to those Coasts, and comprehended within the Limits described by the said Charter, and which at the Time of passing the said last mentioned Act were, or at any Time thereafter had been, in the Possession of, or claimed by, the said Royal African Company j together with the Cannon and other Military Stores, Canoemen, Castle Slaves, at and belonging to the said Forts, Castles, Settlements, and Factories, particularly

to8 C. 44. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

mentioned and set forth in the first Schedule to the said last mentioned Act annexed; and also all Contracts and Agreements made by or for or on the Behalf of the said Royal African Company, with any of the Kings, Princes, or Natives, of any of the Countries or Places of the said Coasts; and all

other the Property, Estate, and Effects whatsoever, of the said Royal African Company (except as in the said last mentioned Act is excepted) were fully and absolutely vetted in the Corporation called and known by the Name of The Company of Merchants trading to Africa, and their Successors, to the Intent % and Purpose that the said Forts, Settlements, and Premisses, should be employed at all Times thereafter

M<!Aa4 x only for the Protection, Encouragement, and Defence of the said Trade: And whereas by another Act

tCco. 3. c. 20. 4 made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for vejiing the Fort of Senegal, and its Dependencies* in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; the Fort of Senegal, and its Dependencies, w«re also vetted in the said Company of Merchants, to be employed in the same Manner, and under the same Regulations, and subject to the same Provisions, as the other Forts and Settlements on the Coast of x Africa were vetted in the fin’d Company, and subject to, by virtue of the hefore-mentioned Act made in the twenty-third Year of his late Majesty's Reign: And forasmuch as the good Purposes proposed by the several before-recited Acts of securing, improving, and-extending, for the Benefit of all his Majesty's Subjects, the Trade to and from Africa might be more effectually and compleatly provided for, if the % said Fort of Senegal and its Dependencies, together with such other of the British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa as lie Northward of the Cape commonly called Cape Rougey were vetted in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors ;’ be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act made in the laftSelEon of

Repeal of the Parliament, intituled, An Act for vesting the Fort of Senegal, and its Dependencies, in the Company Aa of Geo. 3.4 of Merchants trading to Africa ,’ shall, except so much thereof as authorizes the Committee of the Com-except*10the pany of Merchants trading to Africa, to deduct annually out of the Monies they shall receive, a further tilmof AooLbv Sum, not exceeding four hundred Pounds, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, from and after the Committee7 the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, be, and it is hereby repealed.

of the African Company.

African Com-

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from land after the said twenty-fourth pany diverted of Day of June, the said Company of Merchants trading to Africa shall be, and they are hereby absolutely Tctl^tori«tSana diverted of all and every the Forts, Lands, Cattles, Settlements, and Factories, on the Coast of Africa, Ffortes'on the beginning at the Port of Sallee in South Barbary, and extending from thence to Cape Rouge mclusive, and African Coast, all other the Regions, Countries, Dominions, Territories, Continents, Coasts, Ports, Bays, Rivers, and fron the Port of Places, lying and being within the aforesaid Limits, and the Islands near adjoining to those Coasts, and Sallee to Cape comprehended within the said Limits, and all other the Property, Estate, fcntt Efrefts Whatsoever, which Rouge, &c. virtue of the said Acts severally made in the twenty-third and twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of his

and the same, late Majesty, or either of them, are noW vested in the said Company of Merchants trading to Africa; and together with all that from ancj after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, as well the said Fort of Senegal and its Depen-°Mtvamt F dencicsy as other the Forts, Lands, Cattles, Settlements, and Factories, on the Coast of Africa, begin-of the Company ning at the Port of Sallee in South Barbary, and extending fpOm thence to Cape Rouge inclusive; and all porrefled within other the Property, Estate, and Effects whatsoever, possessed determined by the said Company of Merchants within the said Limits, the Limits aforesaid, or claimed by them in respect to such their Possessions within the said Limits, be, and are verted in the are hereby, fully and absolutely veiled in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

Revocation of

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Powers, Privileges, and Au-

thf Powers and Privileges granted to the African Company j

and the Trade to Africa declared *Oopen to all his Majesty's Sub-

together with the Forts and Warehouse*,&c. hereby vested in the Crown. Committee* Officers or Servants not to export Negroes on their own Account, on Penalty if lAinijliijn,

thorities whatsoever, granted to the said Company of Merchants by either of the said Acts made in the twenty-third and twenty-fifth Years rif his said late Majesty's Reign, so far as the same concern any of the Territories^ Forts, Settlement*, «r other the Premisses lying within the Limits aforesaid, faad hereby vested jii his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, ccafe and determine.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trade to and from Africa shall continue free and open to all, his Majesty's Subjects; and that.it shall be lawful for all his Majesty's Subjects, without Preferenceor Distinction, to trade and traffic to and from any of the Ports or Places hereby vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, without any Reftrairtt whatsoever, other ‘than and except the due Observance bfall fach Orders or Regulations as shall, by and under the Authority of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, be established for the immediate Defence of the Forts, Settlements, and Factories, hereby vested in them, or for the better Government of his Majesty's Subjects refitting or coining within the Limits aforesaid; and that the Forts, Warehouses, and Buildings, hereby yetted in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors* llhallx6ntinue to be free and* open to all his Majesty's Subjects, in the same Manner, and for the same Purposes as they have hitherto been under the Authority of the said former Acts.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any of the Officers or Servants, employed by the Committee of the said Company on the Coast of Africa, to export Negroes from Africa upon their own Account; and that if any such Officer or Servant shall be found to be directly or indirectly interested in such Exportation of Negroes from Africa, he shall be dismissed from the Service of the said Committee*

VI. And whereas by the said Act made in the twenty-third Year of hrs said late Majesty's Reign, it is enacted, That the Committee of the said Company of Merchants shall give an Account, upon Oath, of all the Money received by them, and of the Application thereof; but no Provision is*thereby made

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 45. 109

with respect to the Accounts to be given by their Officers and Servants of the Disposal or Application c of the Goods and Stores purchased, from time to time, by the said Committee, and by them sent to the Coast of Africa^ to be there used and applied as by the said Act is directed ;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Officer or other Person employed by the said Committee on the Coast CofnJT,*lffe'* of Africa, to whom any Part of such Goods or Stores so purchased, and sent out as aforesaid, shall be consigned and delivered, shall be required to transmit to the said Committee, once at least in every Year, Ported'ac-an Account of the Disposal and Application of all such Goods and Stores within the preceding Year; count once a haying first made Oath to the Truth of such Account, before such Person as shall be authorised by his Year, of the Ap- Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to administer the same; and that no such Officer, or other Person as a.n<J

aforesaid, shall be deemed to be discharged, in respect of any such Goods and Stores consigned or delivered Stores wnf/nU to him as aforesaid, in any other Manner than by an Account given upon Oath, of the Disposal and Ap- to Them^vhhin plication thereof; and if any such Officer or other Person shall neglect to transmit to the said Committee the preceding such Account as is hereby required, the said Committee are hereby required and enjoined forthwith to Year, on Penal-

suspend hkn from the Enjoyment of his Salary; and in case, upon Enquiry, they shall find such Neglect t£0uS-ufoCIJf,°11

to have been wilful, they are hereby required and enjoined to dismiss him from their Service. ® ‘ Clr a iry'

[His Majesty im-

VII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, to :c,^® g,aat make unto George Glas, and his Associates or Assigns, a Grant, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, Right fer^Tx for any Term not exceeding twenty-one years, of the foie Right and Privilege of carrying on Trade and years, to George Traffick to a certain Port alleged to be discovered by him on the Coast of Africa, called Regeala or Gueder, Gias, of trading situate in South Barbary, between Sallee and Cape Blanco; and also to such District of Land adjoining to Pott Regeala, thereto, as he shall have procured to be ceded, together with the said Port, to his Majesty, upon such Terms, Conditions, and Reservations, to be inserted in the said Grant, as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors respectively, shall judge expedient; fvibjeft, hpwever, to be redeemed at any Time upon the Pay-xnent of such Compensation as Parliament shall think proper; any thing in the before recited Act of the V

twenty-third Year of his late Majesty's Reign, or in this present Act, contained to the contrary thereof parliamentary in any wise notwithstanding.

Compensation,

CAP. XLV.

An Act for tm>re effectually securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's American Dominions; for repealing the Inland Duty on Coffee, imposed by an Act made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second; and for granting an Inland Duty on all Coffee imported (except Coffee of the Growth of the British Dominions in America); for altering the Bounties and Drawbacks upon Sugars exported; for repealing Part of an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of his laid late Majesty, whereby Bar Iron made in the said Dominions was prohibited to be exported from Great Britain, or carried Coastwise; and for regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs in the said 10 Dominions.

Planks, Boards, and Timber, from the said Colonies and Plantations, whereby his Majesty's Royal Navy,

as well as Ships employed in the Merchants Service, may be furnished with such Materials at more reasonable Rates than at present; and great Sums of Money at present expended among Foreign Nations, for the Purchase of such Materials, may be saved;’ May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty,

that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with die Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of January, one thousand Bounties granted i seven hundred and frxty-six, every Person or Persons who shall, within the Time appointed by this Act, on the import*, ^import, or cause to be imported, into this Kingdom, directly from any of his Majesty's Dominions m p,on North America, in any Ship or Ships that may lawfully trade thither, manned as by Law is required, a^Ti!nbcrr %* any good, found, and merchantable Deals, Planks, Boards, and Timber, of the following Dimensions, from North* ‘shall have and enjoy as a Reward or Premium for such Importation, tfte’following Sums; that is to say, America;

For every hundred, containing six Score, of such Deals, Planks, and Boards, not less than ten Feet the Premium* long, ten Inches broad, and one Inch and one Quarter of an Inch ‘thick, so imported, from the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, to the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and six tv-nine, the Sum of twenty Shillings; and in like Proportion for any greater Length, andc^d^0*0 for any greater Thickness, not exceeding four Indies. -

For every Load, containing fifty Cubic Feet, of such squared Timber Of all Kinds, not less than ten inches square, so imported, from the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six,

the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-niae, the Sum of twelve Shillings.

For

no

C. 45.

Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

The Bounty to be pa H by the Collector, or Receiver General of the Customs;

Certificate being first producei, arrested on Oath, of such Goods being of the Growth end Produce of the said CoIonies j

and Oath also being made at the Port of Arrival of their being duly laden on board in North

For every hundred of such Deals, Planks, and Boards, as above described, fifteen Shillings; and for every Load of such Timber, eight Shillings 5 which shall be so imported, from and after the said first Da/ of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, to the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two.

And for every hundred of such Deals, Planks, and Boards, ten Shillings; and for every Load of such Timber, five Shillings; which shall be imported, from and afr<rr the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, to the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five.

To be paid, upon Demand, to the Importer of such Deals, Planks, Boards, and Timber, by the Colleger of the Port where the same shall be imported, out of the Customs, or any Duties payable upon Wood imported: And in case the Collector of the Port where the same shall be imported, shall not have Money sufficient in his Hands, he is hereby required to certify the same to the Commissioners of the Customs, who shall cause the same to be paid by the Receiver General of his Majesty's Customs; the Bounty for the said Goods imported into England, to be paid by the Receiver General of the Customs in England; and for such as shall be imported into Scotland, to be paid by the Receiver General there.

tl. And in order to intitle the Importer of such Goods to the Premium granted by this Act, and to prevent Frauds by importing Foreign Deals, Planks, Boards, and Timber; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons, importing any such Deals, Planks, Boards, and Timber, into Great Britain, shall produce to the Chief Officer or Officers of the Customs, at the Port of Importation, a Certificate or Certificates, under the Hand and Seal of the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, Collector of his Majesty's Customs, and Naval Officer, or any two of them, residing and being within any of his Majesty's Dominions in North America, that, before the Departure of such Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vefiefs* the Person or Persons, Merchant, Trader, or Factor, loading the same, had made Oath before them, that the said Goods so shipped on board (expressing in the said Certificate, the Number, Quantity, and Species, of each Sort respectively) were truly and bona fide of the Growth and Produce of his Majesty's said Dominions; which Oath the said Governor, Lieutenant Governor, and Collector of his Majesty's Customs, and Naval Officer, or any two of them, are hereby authorised to administer; as likewise, upon Oath to be made, in any Port of Great Britain, by the Master or Masters of such Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels, importing such Goods, that the same were truly laden on board such Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels, within some of his Majesty's Dominions in North America \ and that he or they know or believe, that the said Goods were the Produce of the said Dominions.

America.

Bounty, may examine the Goods.

Where there shall be any

ttjua Oath.

Officer, before III. And, that the Officers of the Customs may be the better able to discover any Frauds intended for grantinga Cer- receiving the aforesaid Premiums, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may Bonntv mar for fe»d Officers, and they are hereby required, before they make out any such Certificate, to

examine the said Goods by (bifting the same, or by such other Means as they shall think proper, to find out and discover whether the same are good, found, and merchantable.

IV. Provided always, That in case any Doubt or Dispute shall arise between the said Surveyors or

Officers of the Customs, and the Owners or Importers of such of the aforesaid Goods as are imported into

Doubt as to the the Port of London, as to the Quality or Condition of the same, it shall and may be lawful for the Com-Quality or Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, if they shall think proper, to call two or more Merchants, or others,

Goods°Mcr- we^ A^ed *n the Commodity, who shall declare, upon Oath, if required, their Opinion, as to the

chants’may be Quality and Condition of the same; and, according to the best of their Judgement, determine whether ^called in to give the said Goods are intitled to the Premiums hereby granted, or not: And if any Doubt or Dispute shall their Opinion, arise, as to the Quality or Condition of any of the aforesaid Goods imported into any of the Out-ports in England, proper and true Descriptions of the Quality and Condition thereof, attested by two Merchants, or others well (killed in the Commodity, at the Port or Place where the same shall be imported; which Attestation shall be upon Oath, before any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, who is or are hereby authorised to administer the same; shall be sent to the Commissioners of the Customs in London; and if imported into the Out-ports in Scotland, to the Commissioners of the Customs at Edinburgh, in such Manner as the respective Commissioners shall direct, in order that, upon Consideration thereof by the respective Commissioners at London^ or Edinburgh respectively, it may be determined whether the same are intitled to the Premiums hereby granted, or not.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Fee, Gratuity, or Reward, shall be demanded, taken, or received, by any Officer of his Majesty's Customs, for examining, viewing, or

Good* or*rant-^lver*ng such Goods, with respect to the Premium or Re ware! allowed by this Act, or for thefigning big0* Certificatej a°y of the Certificates, in order to the receiving such Premium or Reward, or for paying the same; and on Penalty of ’any such Officer demanding or taking (Uch Fee or Reward, shall, for such Offence, forfeit his Office, Disability, and be for ever after incapable of executing any Office or Employment under his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

The 1

to 1

Exportation i *-

the said Good*; CafCj the Person or Persons so exporting the same shall, before the Entry thereof, pay unto the CoHedor of the Customs at the Port where the same shall be exported, or to the Chief Officer of the Customs there,

the

Officer to take no Fee for examining «he

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 45. 111

the full Sum which is by this Act allowed as a Premium on all such Goods respectively as he intends to export.

VII. Provided always, That the said Collector or Chief Officer of the Customs, upon receiving of such and the Coileo

Premium from the Exporter of such Goods as aforesaid, shall and do charge himself with the Money fot°r nfT6*. received; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs are to take particular Care that the same be ^iSi iccordine-duly brought to the Account of his Majesty by such Collector or Chief Officer as aforesaid. jy. lnd to be

brought to Account.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, their Agents iflhe Good» or Assigns, shall be found fraudulently to export such Goods, without paying such Premium to the Col- Jhal|be frau<*"" lector or Chief Officer of the Customs in Manner as aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and

all such Goods and Double the Value thereof; one Moiety whereof shall be to the Use of his Majesty, iogthePre-his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Officer of the Customs as shall seize or sue for mium, they are the same; to be prosecuted in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court ofliab,c 10 Fw-Exchequer in Scotland respectively, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed. u c

IX. Provided always, That if any Doubt or Dispute shall arise, whether any of the Goods, or any in caseofDoubtr

Part thereof, so to be exported, are of the Growth or Product of his Majesty's Dominions in North Arne- with respect t® rica, or of Foreign Growth or Product, the Onus Probandi shall lie on the Owner or Clairaer thereof, and' p^aTf such not on the Prosecutor; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. Good*, Onu*

Probandi to lie 0A the Owner.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Matter or Owner of any Ship or Penalty of dan-Vessel shall clandestinely import or receive in such Ship or Vessel, to be imported into Great Britain, any deftu^iyimport. Deals, Boards, Planks, or Timber, knowing the same to be Foreign Growth or Product, and shall demand Q^as'of Fo-or receive for any such Foreign Deals, Boards, Planks, or Timber, the Reward or Premium hereby rel?n Growth, granted, such Matter or Owner shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and the Ship or Vessel in and demanding which such Foreign Deals, Boards. Planks, or Timber, shall be so fraudulently imported, with all her the Premium, i» Guns, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, shall be also forfeited; and the same shall and may be seized,

sued for, prosecuted, and divided, as herein before-mentioned. c 1 1

XI. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Recital of

Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a Subsidy of Poundage upon Clause in Act

certain Goods and Merchandizes to be imported into this Kingdom; and an additional Inland Duty on Coffee ji Geo. a. c. 10* 4 and Chocolate; and for raising the Sum of fix-millions six hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and 4 a Lottery, to be charged on the said Subjtdy and additional Inland Duty; it was enacted and declared, That from and after the fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, there should be charged, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Coffee to be sold in Great Britain, by Wholesale or Retail, an additional Inland Duty, to be paid by the respective Sellers of such Coffee; (that is to say,) for and upon all Coffee to be sold in Great Britain, an additional Duty of one Shilling per Pound Weight Avoirdupois 5 and in that Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity, over and above the then present Inland Duty, and over and above all Customs and Duties then payable upon the Importation thereof: And whereas it may tend to encourage the Growth of Coffee in the British Dominions in America, and the Importation thereof into this Kingdom, if the said additional Duty granted by the said hft recited Act was discontinued ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand from and after seven hundred and sixty-five, the said additional Duty of one Shilling per Pound Weight Avoirdupois, for 5 July> 1765» and upon all Coffee to be sold in Great Britain, granted by the said last recited Act, shall cease, and be no longer paid or payable: And that, in lieu thereof, from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thou- ,^ p, find seven hundred and sixty-five, there shall be charged, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the upon all Cotter ITfe of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Coffee, not being of the Growth and fold >p Great Product of the British Plantations in America, to be sold in Great Britain by Wholesale or Retail, an addi- by, be tional Inland Duty, to be paid by the Sellers of such Coffee; (that is to say) for and upon all Coffee, not^' "dt§ being of the Growth and Product of the British Plantations m America, to be sold in Great Britain, an per in tobepai* additional Inland Duty of six Pence per Pound Weight Avoirdupois; and in that Proportion for a greater in liou tl.rreot, or lesser Quantity, over and above the Inland Duty of two Shillings pet9 Pound paid on Coffee, granted forailCcftcc net by an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act °^tbcG/°w>lbof for repealing certain Duties therein mentioned, payable upon Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate, |alc}onrfllin and Cocoa rafte imported; and for granting certain Inland Duties in lieu thereof; and for prohibiting rica> 0verand

the Importation of Chocolate ready made, and Cocoa Paste; and for better ascertaining the Duties above the Dci-m 4 payable upon Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa Nuts imported; and for granting Relief to Robert DalzelU late Fayahl«by Act*

Earl of Carnwath, and over and above all Customs and Duties payable upon the Importation thereof. ro Geo. 1,

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said additional Inland Duty hereby The Aid Duty

framed to his Majesty, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the same Manner, and under such te raised. *c u Management, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Power for recovering the same, the former ia~ and by such Rules, Ways, and Methods, as the former Inland Duties payable to his Majesty upon Coffee Und DulJU are raised, levied, collected, and paid, as folly, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses,

Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and ag; in enacted in the Body of this present Act, and shall be paid into the Exchequer in like Manner, and

appropriated

11 2

The additional Duly ot i s. per lb. laii by the recited Act of 3» Geo. 2. c. io. is rvt to be t?ken off luth CcftVe, as is or shall be lo iged in the King’s Warehouses before 5

A £> 9 & to Will. 3* c. *j<

Dm*btcki

granted by former Acts on Exportation of Refined Sugars, to cease; and 14 s. € d. per Cwt. on Loaf Sugar properly refined and dried, to be paid in lieu thereof. Lump Sugars duly refined, in-tilled to like Drawback.

In lieu of the

former Drawbacks on Ejf-tards, Ground Supar, ar d Candy, a Draw back is allowed of 6 s. 4 h per C a t. on al! such 2s shall be duly refined.

Suttnrs fraudulently '’(Her d for ’ixp u r irion, in order to obtain th: Bounty,

may be f itedj and :re for cited.

Before th? Debenture i« nr ?de out, Refi ier to It.akr Cj.li of the S.Ale of the Sujiar to li e l x ‘pr>t' ', and of then untiry'inn Quality the-icot, and that the same was produced from WuUovjdo Sugar of tiic Bri-

C. 45. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

appropriated to the same Uses to which the said Duty of one Shilling per Pound Weight was made

applicable.

Xifl. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That nothing herein before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take off the additional Duty of one Shilling per Pound upon Coffee, granted by the said recited Act of the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, with respect to such Coffee which now is, or shall, on or before the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, be lodged or secured in any Warehouse or Warehouses in pursuance of the Directions of any former Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf made; nor shall the said additional Duty hereby granted be charged upon such Coffee so lodged or secured in any loch Warehouse or Warehouses.

July, 1765, &c.

XIV. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the Ninth and Tenth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for granting to his Adaiejly a further Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, towards raising the yearly Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds, for the Service of his Majesty's Houshold, and other uses therein mentioned^ during his Majestfs Life; and by several subsequent Acts of Parliament which arp now in Force, several Bounties or Drawbacks, amounting in the Whole to twelve Shillings per hundred Weight, are allowed upon the Exportation of Sugar refined in this Kingdom: 4 Now to prevent any Frauds that may be practise<f to the great Prejudice of the Revenue of the Customs by the Exportation of Sugars not completely refined, and Sugars made from Scum, and other Trash and Refuse of Sugar Houses, under the Denomination of Refined Sugar, in order to obtain the Bounties or Drawbacks herein before-mentioned;’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, the several Bounties or Drawbacks also wed by the said Acts upon Refined Sugars, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid; and in lieu and instead thereof, a Bounty of fourteen Shillings and Six Pence per hundred Weight shall be allowed and paid upon Refined Sugar exported from Great Britain in the Loaf compleat and whole, being net, that is to say, of one uniform Whiteness throughout, and which hath gone through the Operation of two or more Clays since it was last in the Pan, and hath been properly and thoroughly dried in the Stove, accord* ing to the present Practice of Refining; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. Provided nevertheless, That if any of the said Refined Sugars, being either in small or great Loaves, commonly called Lumpsy shall have gone through the Operation of three Clays, at the least,?ince they were last in the Pan, and shall be net, and (ballliave been thoroughly dried in the Stove in the Manner herein before directed, though such Loaves be exported without the small Ends or Tips, they shall be esteemed compleat and whole within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and the Exporter of the same shall receive the Drawback or Bounty accordingly,

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, in lieu of all Bounties and Drawbacks which may have been allowed or paid, heretofore, on all Refined Sugar called Baflardsy and Ground Sugary and on Refined Sugar called Candy, there shall be allowed and paid on the Exportation from Great Britain of all Refined Sugar called Bastardy and of all ground or powdered Refined Sugar, and of all Refined Loaf Sugar broke in Pieces (the said Sugar having been twice clayed and properly dried in the Stove) and on all Candy properly refined and manufactured, and free from Dirt and Scum, a Bounty or Drawback of six Shillings and four Pence per hundred Weight, and no more; which said several Bounties or Drawbacks of fourteen Shillings and six Pence, and six Shillings and four Pence, herein before granted, shall be paid and allowed put of any of the Duties on which the former Drawbacks or Bounties on Refined Sugars were payable.

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the proper Officers of the Custom* shall, upon View and Examination, either before or after Shipping, find any Sugar or Candy which ill ill be entered for Exportation, in order to obtain the Bounties or Drawbacks thereon, to be leis in Quantity than expressed in the Exporter’s Indorsement, or entered under a wrong Denomination; or if such Sugars shall not be respectively refined in the Manner before directed; or if such Candy shall not be properly refined and manufactured, and free from Dirt and Scum; all such Sugar or Candy shall he forfeirrd, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, and prosecuted according to Law.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That before any Drawback or Bounty is paid for any of the Sugars or Candy herein before-mentioned, or any Debenture made out for the same, the Refiner or Refiners, not being the Exporter or Exporters of such Sugar or Candy, shall make Oath before the Collector or other proper Officer of the Customs, that he or they fold such Sugars or Candy, pro fling the Quantity, and the Time when, to the Person or Persons'intending to export the same; and that such Sugars have respectively gone through the Operations herein before expressed, and have been properly and thoroughly dried in the Stoves, or that such Candy has been properly refined and manufactured according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and, as he *or they verily believe, such Sugar or Candy was produced from Muscovado Sugar imported from his Majesty's Plantations in America; and that the several Duties payable therein were duly paid at the Time of importing the same; and the Exporter or Exporters of such Sugars or Candy, shall then make Oath that such Sugars or Candy, being the Sugars or Candy for which such Bounty or Drawback is then claimed, are the identical Sugars or 8, Candy,

A.D. 17.65. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 45. ri3

Candy, or Part thereof, which were fold- to him as aforesaid by such Refiner or Refiners; and before the rift Pli^anorn; Money due upon such Debenture or Debentures shall be paid, such Exporter or Exporters shall also»r*athe Vut c* make Oath that the said Sugars or Candy have been duly exported, his Majesty's Searcher also certifying ^tcr a!so r* the shipping thereof, and all other Requisites duly performed according to the Book of Rates; and when- Oath of* ever the Refiner or Refiners of such Sugar or Candy shall be the Exporter or Exporters thereof, he or the identity of they shall then make Oath, as well of the due Exportation of the same, as of the several Particulars herein f. ch Sugar*, before directed to be sworn to by him or them (excepting what relates to the Sale of the said Sugars or and of the due Candy} according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act. ^atlon

Refiner being the Exporter, to make like Oath*

XIX. And whereas by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting, Chnfe in AA € for a limited Time, a Liberty to carrs Rice from his Majestys Provinces of South Carolina and Georgia, 4Gi0* 3*c» 27» direfily to any Part of America to the Southward of the said Provinces, fuhtett to the like Duty as is now paidy on the Exportation of Ricey from the said Colonies to Places in Europe situate to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, which was to be in Eorce for five Years, from the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, Liberty is granted to any of his Majesty's Subjects in any Ship or Vessel built in Great Britain, or in his Majesty's Colonies in America, or belonging to any of his Majesty's Subjects, and navigated according to Law,

that shall clear outwards in any Port of the said Provinces of South Carolina or Georgiay to ship or load Rice in the said Provinces, and to carry the same directly to any Part of America Southward of South Carolina or Georgiay without carrying the same to any other of his Majesty's Plantations in America, or to Great Bf itain; under certain Limitations, Restrictions, and Penalties, therein contained: And whereas the granting the like Liberty to export Rice, in the same Manner, from his Majesty's Colony of North Carolina, to any Place in America Southward of South Carolina or Georgia, may be of great Benefit to the said Colony of North Carolina be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from Liberty given to and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, it shall and may be lawful, export Ricefmm during the Continuance of the said recited Act, for any of his Majesty's Subjects, in any Ship or Vessel North Ca ohna, built in Great Britain, or in his Majesty's Colonies in America, or belonging to any of his Majesty's Sub- m JjCRice jests, and navigated according to Law, that shall clear outwards in any Part of the said Province of North mMy be export, Carolinay to ship or load Rice in the said Province, and to carry the same directly to any Parts of America uncer the recited Southward of South Carolina and Georgiay without carrying the same to any other of his Majesty's Pianta- Atf, tromSourti tions in America, ot to Great Britain, under the like Entries, Securities, Restrictions, Regulations, Limi- £arol,n* tations. Duties, Penalties, and forfeitures, as are particularly directed, appointed, limited, or enacted, Cor&14-with respect to Rice carried from South Carolina and Georgia, to any Part of America to the Southward of South Carolina or Georgiay in the said in Part recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Duties which shall arise in respect D ittcspiyable of Rice so carried from North Carolinay and the Duties which, from and after the said fifth Day of July, upon the t-xoor-one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, shall arise in respect of Rice carried from South Carolina and ta!'°n of Rice Georgiay in pursuance of the said last recited Act, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's ilxchequer, to be

and there reserved, to be, from time to time, disposed of by Parliament towards further defraying the neccf- on°, JTn!o the fary Expences of defending, protecting, and securing the British Colonies and Plantations in America. Exchequer, and

rckrveJ for the Disposition of Pailument,

XXI. And whereas, by several Laws now in Force, Rice of the Growth or Produce of his Majesty*9 4 Colonies or Plantations in America is, upon Importation into, and being landed in Great Britain, subject and liable to various Duties* all which (except the half of the old Subsidy) are drawn back upon Exportation: And whereas such Rice is frequently imported into the Ports of Plymouth, Exeter, Pooley Southampton, Chichester, Sandwich* and Gla/cowy and the Members thereunto belonging, for no other Purpose but to be directly exported into foreign Parts; and the obliging the Importers to pay down the full Duties in Inch Caies, hath laid them under Ditiiculties, and may be prejudicial to the Trade of V this Kingdom "I o remedy which for the future, and in order to give all fining Encouragement to this Trade, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of June, one thouCnd seven hundred and sixty-five, where any bhip or Vessel shall arrive at any of the Ports or Plates before- k'^ct ncnrTthe mentioned, from any of the British Plantations in Amnica, with Rice of the Growth and Production of Britishi PUnta-fut h British Plantation, and the Importer of such Rice shall give Notice to the Collector and Comptroller non* in Amcii-«if the respective Ports or Places b< fore-mentioned, wherein such Ships shall arrive, of his Intern ion ro ca» at ot thr export the whole Cargo of such Rite immediately, in the f. me Ship to foreign Parts, and the Matter of such Ship shall so expoit his Cargo accordingly; that ihen, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful il to be imnicdT-for the Importer to pay down, in ready Money, one-half of the old Subsidy, granted by the Act of u*ly rc port-Tonnage and Poundage, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King ChjrUs the Second, and no ii.oiep^tk la*pert«r which shall not afterwards be drawn back or repaid on Expectation of the same Goods; and the Importer pay ot tueh Rice shall and may give Bond, with one or more fuDcient Securities, to hb Majesty, his Heirs old%uKJ° and Successors, in double Value of the Rice lo imported, for the Payment of the remaining Duties witlvn aj^ ,u>c Bo.J’

114 C. 45.

Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

for the remaining Duties on such as shall be landed.

Clause in Act Geo. j. c. 15

Act S Geo. 2.

C. 12.

Importation of British American iron extend-edto Ireland, and of Lumber, to Ireland, the Madeira?, Azores, or to any Part of Europe South of Cape Finesterre, upon giving Bond.

Clause in Act 23 Geo. 2. c. 29.

sixty Days from the Date of such Bond, for all such Rice as shall be landed out of any Ship so entered and reported; which Bond shall and may be vacated and discharged upon Payment of the said remaining Duties within the Time before limited and appointed, or upon the said Rice being duly reshipped and exported; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And whereas by an Act made in the last: Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting ,4 certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; for continuing amending, and making per*

petualy an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled,

4. An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America);

for applying the Produce of such Duties, and of the Duties to arise by virtue of the said Act, towards defray- ing the Expences of defending, protesting, and securing, the said Colonies and Plantations/, for explaining an Act made in the twenty-fifth I ear of the ReigYiof King Charles the Seoond (intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trades, and for the better securing the Plantation Trade)*;

and for altering and disallowing several Drawbacks on Exports from this Kingdom, and more effectually preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Goods to and from the said Colonies and Plantations, and improving and securing the Trade between the same and Great Britain; it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, no Iron, nor any Sort of Wood, commonly called Lumber, as specified in an Act passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores, and for other Purposes therein mentioned^ of "the Growth, Production, or Manufacture, of any British Colony or Plantation in America, shall be there laden on board any Ship or Vessel to be car- ried from thence, until sufficient Bond shall be given, with one Surety besides the Master of the Vessel,' to the Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs at the loading Port, in a Penalty of double the Value of the Goods, with Condition, that the said Goods shall not be landed in any Part of Europe, except Great Britain, and to bring Certificates in Discharge thereof within the respective Times, and in the Manner directed by the said Act: And whereas it may be expedient to extend the Importation of such Iron to Ireland, and also to extend the Importation of such Wood, commonly called Lumber, to Ireland, and to the Madeiras, and the Western Islands called the Azores, and any Part of Europe to the Southward of Cape Finisterre \ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, any Iron, being the Production or Manufactures of any British Colony or Plantation in America, shall and may be there laden on board any Ship or Vessel to be carried from thence to Ireland; and also that any Wood commonly called Lumber, as specified in the said Act of the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, of the Growth or Production of any British Colony or Plantation in America, shall and may, in like Manner, be there laden on board any Ship or Vessel to be carried from thence to Ireland, or to the Madeirasy or the-Western IHes called The Azores, or to any Part of Europe to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, upon sufficient Bond being given in the Penalty and in the Manner directed by the said Act made in the last Session of Parliament, with Condition, that the said Goods shall be there landed accordingly, and notin-any other Part of Europe, except Great Britain; and that Certificates under the Hands and Seals of the Collector or other principal Officer <?f the Customs resident at the Port or Place where such Goods shall be. landed in Ireland\ testifying the Landing thereof, shall be produced to the Collector or other principal Officer where Bond shall have been given, within eighteen Months from the Date of such Bond; and that-for such of the said Goods as shall be entered for, and landed at, the Madeiras, or the Western Isles called The Azores, or any Part of Europe to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, the like Certificate shall be produced within the same Time to the Officers before-mentioned, under the Common Seal of the Chief Magistrate, or under the Hand and Seal of the British Consul, or Hands and Seals of two known British Merchants residing where such Goods shall be landed 5 and upon the producing of such Certificate, or Proof upon Oath being made by two credible Persons, that the said Goods were taken by Enemies, or perished in the Seas, the said Bond shall be discharged; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And whereas by an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King'

and in Act 30 Geo. 2. c. 16.

Repeal of Clause in the rrcitcdAct 23 lco. 2. p ohibmnp the Exporration Iren, or carrying the Tame Cnattwife.

which should be imported from thence into the Port of London free of Duty, as by the said recited Act was permitted, should be afterwards exported or carried Coadwife to be landed at any other Port or Place of Great Britain, except for the Use of his Majesty's Dock Yards, under the Penalties and Forfeitures in the said recited Act mentioned: And whereas by another Act made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to extend the Liberty granted by an Act of the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, of importing Bar Iron from his Alajefiys Colonies in America into the Port of London, to the rejl of the Ports of Great Britain, and for repealing certain Clauses in the said Act; such Bar Iron may now be imported from the said British Colonies in America into all the Ports of Great Britain free of Duty; and it will be to the Advantage of the said Colonies, as well as to the Trade of this Kingdom, if such Bar Iron was allowed to be exported from Great Britain, or carried Coastwise therein; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, the said Clause in the before-recited Act of the twenty third Year of his late Majesty, prohibiting the Exportation of such Bar Iron, or carrying the same Coastwise in Great Britain, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be, repealed*

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 45. 115

XXIV. And whereas the Matters of several Ships or Vessels failing from the Brit!/}) American Colonies or Plantations, have cleared oat from thence in Ballast, without talcing any Goods on board there, pur- pofely to evade giving Bond, as directed by the before-recited Act made in the last Session of Parliament,

with Condition, that in case any Molasses or Syrups, being the Produce of any of the Plantations not under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be laden on board such Ship or Vessel,

the fame shall (the Danger of the Seas and Enemies excepted) be brought, without Fraud or wilful Dimi-

nution, by the said Ship or Vessel, to some of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, or to some Port in Great Britain; and the said Act may, by such Practices, be rendered ineffectual to answer the Purposes thereby intended for Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the tenth Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, the said Bond, with the Anicr can Phn-Condicion in the said recited Act mentioned, shall be given for every Ship or Voile! that shall set fail from tations are to any British Colony or Plantation in America, whether any Goods shall be there laden on board any such give Bond, v he-Ship or Vessel, or not; and if any such Ship or Vessel, not having taken any Goods on board as aforesaid, any (hill set fail, or proceed from any British Colony or Plantation in America, before such Bond shall be given, 04

such Ship or Vessel, with her Furniture, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted in on PerJiiyofbc-the Manner directed by the said recited Act of Parliament; any Thing therein contained to the contrary ing ferteited. notwithstanding.

XXV. And whereas, in and by the said recited Act made in the last Session of Parliament, it is,

amongst other Things, enacted, That a Sufferance and Coclcet shall be taken from the Officers of the Customs for all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, of any Kind whatsoever, which shall be laden on board any Ship or Vessel in any British Colony or Plantation in America, to be carried from thence to any other Colony or Plantation, as in the said Act is expressed: And whereas the requiring such Suf- ferances and Cockets for Goods of the Growth or Produce of the said Colonies, which are not liable to any Duty by any Act of Parliament made in Great Britain, nor prohibited to be carried from the said Colonies, may lay an unnecessary Restraint upon the Trade and Correspondence of his Majesty's American Subjects, when such Goods are carried merely for the Useand Sustenance of the said Colonies, in Boats or Imall Vessels without Decks, which do not go to open Sea;’ for the Ease therefore of his Majesty's ot rm; ]j American Subjects in this Particular, be it enacted, That from and after the fifth Day of July> one thousand Vends without seven hundred and sixty-five, the said recited Act shall not extend, nor be construed to extend, to require Decks, citing any Person to takeout any Sufferance or Cocket for any Goods of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture, Guods lhe of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, which are not, by any Act of Parliament made in Great ^f^weof^the Britain, liable to any Duty either upon the Importation into, or the Exportation from, the said Colonies colonies* C or Plantations, nor are prohibited to be exported from thence, which shall be laden in any Boat, Flat, not liable to iiu-Shallop, or other Vessel without a Deck, not exceeding twenty Tons Burthen, and shall be carried with- ties, nor probi-in any River, Lake, or other Inland Waters, within the said Colonies or Plantations, and shall not be kited to be et-carried out to Sea farther than one League from the Shore; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary p°[)€tdd' notwithstanding. ©itTcrcket*

XXVI. And whereas by the said last recited Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, one Moiety of all Seizures which shall be made at Sea by the Commanders or Officers of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, duly authorised to make Seizures, and of the Penalties and Forfeitures recovered there- on, in any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, first deducting the Charges of Profecu- lions from the gross Produce thereof, is to be paid to him or them who shall seize, inform, or sue (or the same; subject to such Distribution as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall think fit to order and direct, by any Order or Orders of Council, or by Proclamation or Proclamations, to be made for that Purpose, as in and by the said recited Act may more fully appear :* Now to obviate any Doubts that have ariion, or may arise, concerning the Construction of the Words Seizures made at Sea; it is Conflruflnn of hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Words, Seizures made at Seay Words in the said recited Act of Parliament, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to all Seizures made by the

Commanders or Officers of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, duly authorised for that Purpose, any Act 0V4* where at Sea, or in or upon any R?,er, and which shall not be actually made on Shore within any British Geo. 3. c. 15. Colony or Plantation in America.

XXVII. And, in order to prevent any Disputes concerning what Fees the Officers of his Majesty's Celloms in the British Colonies or Plantations in America may be intitled to, for making Entiies, or other Iduftness done by them in the Execution of their Employments; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That until such Time as the same shall be otherwise settled by Authority of Parliament, it shall Relations ax. J may be lawful for all and every Collector, and other Officer of his Majesty's Cuttorns, in any British pllh respeb? t# Colony or Plantation in America, appointed by any Deputation or Commission from the Commissioners of h'\% Majesty's Customs in England, to demand and receive such Fees as they and their Predecessors were },«

Entitled to demand and receive, on and before the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hun- Custoim *.n the dred and sixty-four; provided the Fees so taken are not contrary to the express Direction of any Act of u ,t Aricr|-Pari ument made in Great Britain \ and in all and every Port or Place in any British Island in the West Indies^ where no Fees have been received as aforesaid by any Officer of the Customs, such Officer shall, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, be intitled to the same Fees as wife settled by have been received as aforesaid by the like Officers, in the nearest Port in the said Island, before the said Parliament; twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four; and if no Pees have beenin lbc received as aforesaid by any Officer in any Port in the said Island, such Officer shall, from and after the i!UftJs» laid fifth Day of Juhy one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, be intitled to such Fees as have been received by the like Officers in the llland of Barbadoes, before the said twenty-ninth Day of September, one

0.2 thousand

C. 46.

Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

110

nd on the Con* thousand seven hundred and sixty-four; and in all and every Port or Place on the Continent of America, tmcui. within his Majesty's Dominions, where no Fees have boen received as aforesaid by any Officer of the Cus-

toms, such Officer shall, from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, be intitled to the same Fees as have been received as aforesaid by the like Officers, in the nearest Port in the said Colony or Plantation, on or before the said twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four; and if no Fees have been received, as aforesaid by any Officer in any Port in such Colony or Plantation, such Officer shall, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, be intitled to such Fees as have been received by the like Officers in the nearest Port within any Br!tijl> Colony or Plantation on or beforfe the said twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand Comptrollers seven hundred and sixty-four; and if no Fees have been received by any Comptroller of his Majesty's much's ^u^onis for any Port or Place within any Colony or Plantation, or if the Fees received by such Conaptrol-, the Collator of ler before the said twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, have not the CuitoiBi* been equal to one-third Part of the Fees received as aforesaid by the Collector of his Majesty's Customs within the same Port or Place; it shall, from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, in every such Case, be lawful for such Comptroller of his Majesty's Customs, to demand and receive for his Fees, for any Entry or other Business done by him in the Execution of his Employment, from any Merchant or other Person, a Sum equal to one-third Part of the Fees received as Remedy for re- aforesaid by such Collector for the like Business; and every such Officer shall have and be intitled to the SdFce»of ^ame Remedy for Recovery of such Fees, as is or has been heretofore allowed to any Collector or other Officer; any Law, Bye-law, or other Act of Assembly made in the said Plantations, to the contrary notwithstanding; and if any Collector, Comptroller, or other Officer of his Majesty's Customs in America, appointed as aforesaid, shall exact* require, or receive, any other or greater Fees than such as are herein bi fore allowed to be taken, he shall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds; one Moiety of which Penalty shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Person or Persons aggrieved thereby, who shall sue for the same in the proper Court in such Colony or Plantation; and for the second Offence, he shall forfeit his Place, and be for ever after incapable of executing any Office or Employment in the Customs.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Admissions into Corporations or Companies} and for further securing and improving the Stamp Duties in Great Britain.

WHEREAS great Frauds are committed in the several Duties of one Shilling respectively Jm- posed (among other Duties) on Admissions into Corporations and Companies, by an Act of

Penalty of exacting greater Fees.

[Preamble.]

Act 5 and 6 Will, and Mary,

C. 21.

and 0 and ro Will 111. a. 25*

from and after

5 JU, Y> }765*

the Duties upon A dm flions into Corporation*, grant"d by - he recited Attf, are lo cease;

and the following Duties to ta*e place in lieu thereof, viz.

made in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, further Duties upon Stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; owing to the said Duties being charged on the Admissions, and not on the Entries, Minutes, or Memorandums, made of such Admissions in the Court Books, Rolls, or Records, of such Corporations or Companies Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do therefore beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, the several Duties upon Admissions into Corporations and Companies, granted by the said Acts, shall ceaiie and deter-

mine.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, in lieu thereof, the Duty herein after mentioned, be charged, imposed, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick

upon Tweed; that is to say,

if? Entry m For and upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, and for every Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon the Conn Rook, which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, in the Court Book, Roll, or Record, of any Corporation or of every such Company, any Entry, Minute, or Memorandum, of any Admission into any Corporation or Company,

Admission, 2 5. Sum of lwo Shillings.

officer neclett- And if any Town Clerk, or other proper Officer, shall neglect: or refuse to make such Entry, Minute, or for o°nVMon'h Memorandum, such AJmission, upon the proper Duty, in the Court Book, or on the Roll or RecorJof to make lueh such Corporation or Company, within one Month after any Person shall be admitted into the same, he shall. Entry, f>ifc its for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds-

10 f. Src 7

foco. 3. c. 31. S Geo. 3. c. 6. 9 Geo. 3. c, xi*

MIL And

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii IN.

C. 46. 117

III. And whereas it has been a common Practice to make one Policy of Assurance on Ship?, Cargoes, or both, leive for several and distinct Purposes, to the great Diminution of his Majesty's Revenue to prevent which for the future, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth Day of J'ly, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, if the Properties of more than one Person in any Ship, Cjrgo, or both, or of more than a particular Number of Persons in General Partnership, or of more th^n one Body Politick or Corporate, to a greater Amount in the whole than the Sum of one hundred Pounds in any Ship, Cargo, or both, be allured on the same Policy, such Policy shall be void, and the Premium paia thereon shall Remain the Property of the Afliircr 5 and that if any Rilque or Adventure,

d.ilmct from the Risque or Adventure mentioned in the original Policy, and upon which any further I rc-iru;m shall be given, shall be, by any Writing or Declaration not duly {lamped, added to the said original PoLcy, such additional Assurance shall be void, and the Premium paid thereon shall remain the Property ci the Afliircr.

* Inforer j and in like Manner, in case of any additional A durance

Fom ifter 5 Mv 176<»

here t.ic Propel ti s of ir.ore than < Pci Ion, Sec. in a i>h p,

«>r C irpo, or l»«'th, l7l.il! be ✓.diired for up-*arti$ of ico !. in tlu* P»-li* y, the I they is viid, and the Premium re-n ai:<s to the not duly ftjrrpt.

IV. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to assure, or cause to be assured, the Properties of Any Number

any Number of Persons whatsoever, in any Ship, Cargo, or both, by one Policy damped with five Stamps policy, of five Shillings each; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. whh^estampt

of 5 1. each. See Statr 7 Geo. 3. c. 44. 8 Geo. 3. c. 15.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Allowance after the Rate of fix The former Al-Pounds in the hundred Pounds per Annum for six Months, directed to be made by several Acts of Parlia- ^cent on* ment passed in the first, ninth, tenth, and twelfth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in the twelfth j^omptPayment Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King 0fti,c Duties, to George the Second, to every Person who shall at one Time bring to be stamped, or buy of the Commit- ccau j sioners for managing the Stamp Duties, Paper or Parchment, the Duties whereof shall amount to ten

Pounds and upwards, after the Rate of six Pounds in the hundred Pounds ter Annum for six Months, upon the present Payment of the said Duties, shall, from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, ccafe and determine.

VI. And it is hereby further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said from and and fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, instead and in lieu of such Allowance, there 4ft" 5 Jj*1^ frail be allowed and paid in Great Britain to every Person who shall at any one Time bring to be stamped, £'nt5, Jnj/!0 or buy of the said Commissioners, Parchment or Paper, the Duties whereof shall in the whole amount to an0\ved in lieu ten Pounds or upwards, after the Rate of four Pounds in the one hundred Pounds per Annum for six Months, thereof, upon the present Payment of the said Duties, at the Head Office for marking or {lamping of Vellum,

Parchment, and Paper.

VII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Act 10 Anna?, 4 Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for laying several Duties upon all Soap and Pater made in Great Britain, c* *9«

zr in ported into the same \ and upon chequered and Jlriped Linens imported \ and upon certain Silks, Ca/licoes,

Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or Jlained\ and upon several Kinds of stamped Vellum, Parchment, and 4 Pa'er; and upon certain printed Papers, Pamphlets, and Advertisements \ for raising the Sum of eighteen kun- dr ed thousand Pounds, by Way of Lottery, towards her Majestys Supply; and for licensing an additional Nunt~

btr of Hackney Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice \ and for better securing her Majesty's Duties to arise in the Office for the Stamp Duties by Licences for Marriages and otherwise; and for Relief of Persons xoho have not claimed their Lottery Tickets in due Time, or have \qfl Exchequer Bills, or Lottery Tickets;

and for borrowing Money upon Stock (Part of the Capital of the South Sea Company) for the Life of tL*

Pubdck; a Stamp Duty of two Shillings and three Pence, among other Duties, is laid on every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which should be ingrossed or written any Surrender of, or Admittance to any of Land or Tenement, within those Parts of Gnat Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; or any Grant or Lease by Copy of Court Roll, or any other Copy of the Court Roll of any Honour or Manor within the same Part's of Great Britain, or any of them (other than and except the original Surrender to the Use of a Will) and the Court Roll or Hook wherein the Proceedings of the Court are entered orinrolled: And whereas great Frauds have been committed in the said Duty by Stewards and others receiving the same, together with their own Fees, without ever making out or delivering the said Copies for preventing the same for Sfew3rd ®f 1be future, be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said touri*'at the fith Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, if any Steward or other Officer of any Copy- Tm.coV uking bo.d Court mail demand, take, or receive, from any Person whatsoever, any Fee or Fees for any such the Fees for Surrender, Admittance, Grant, or Lease, or any other Copy of any Court Roll, without at the same SurrenJcr?> Time demanding and receiving the Stamp Duty due thereon, and delivering such Surrender or Admittance,

Grant or Lease, or Copy, to the Person entitled thereto; then, and in every such Case, every such Steward are

ox other Officer shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds. to demand the

1 Stamp Duty,

sod deliver such Surrenders, See, on Penalty of 10l. Repealed by Geo. 3. c. 40 $ f«

VIII. And whereas by the said Act of the tenth of Queen Anne, and also by an Act of Parliament clause In Act

made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act 10 Aon*.

for granting to his Majesty Jcvtral Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds \ and

# 4 upon

118 C. 46. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

upon News Pa per Si Advertise mentis and Almanacks; and upon Licences for retailing Wine\ and upon Coals exported to foreign Parts; and for applying, from a certain Time-, the Sums of Money arising from the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liauors; and for raising the Sum of three Millions, by Annul-< ties, to be charged on the said Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money; and for making perpetual\ an Act made in the fscond Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Attor- nies and Solicitors; and for enlarging the Time of Filing Affidavits of the Execution of Contracts of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and also the Time for Payment 0; the Duties omitted to be paid for the Inden-'4 tures and Contrails of Clerks and Apprentices; the Printers and Publishers only, and not the Proprietors, of News Papers, and other Papers and Pamphlets, are made subject and liable to the Duties imposed on Advertisements, whereby great Losses happen to the Revenuebe it therefore further enacted by the Ko Stamp! to be Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and nxty* PamTi€t?or0r five» ne*l^er l^e Commissioners of the Stamp Duties, nor any Officer to be appointed by them for distri-V*wsP«p*«/til! Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, shall fell or deliver any Stamped Paper for printing any

Security be given Pamphlet, or any Publick News, Intelligence, or Occurrences, to be contained in any one Sheet, or any fonhe Duties for lesser Piece of Paper, unless the Person applying for the same shall first give Security to his Majesty for the Advertise- the Payment of the Duties for the Advertisements which shall be printed therein or thereupon.

ments to be. r

printed thereon.

Card Maker* t# 4

IX. And whereas great Frauds and Abuses are committed in the Duties imposed, by several Acts of fend Paper to the ‘ Parliament, on Playing Cards in Great Britain \ for preventing whereof, be it further enacted by the sump office, in Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sufficicntNum- fixtX~five» every Maker of Playing Cards in Great Britain, shall send to the Commissioners for the Stamp kerof Aces'of Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or to their Officers, a sufficient Quantity of Paper, in order to Spades marked, have as many several Aces of Spades marked or impressed thereon as such Maker shall desire; and that no one of which is Pack of Playing Cards made for Play in Great Britain, or for Exportation, shall be used in Play, or ex-Put ^each ported, without one of such Aces of Spades marked or impressed, as herein after is mentioned and hew stamp is to directed i and that the said Commissioners for the Stamp Duties shall, instead of the present Mark or be made for the Stamp imposed on the Ace of Spades, cause a new Stamp, Mark, or Plato, to be prepared, with such Purpose, with a Device as they shall think proper, to denote the said Ace of Spades, as well in every Pack of Cards made diuinguishing for Use or Play in Great Britain, as in every Pack of Cards made for Exportation, l’o as that in such Mark ka Device there shall be some distinguishing Mark between Cards for Home, and Cards for Foreign Con-Cards To?6’ fumption; and that the said Commissioners shall, from time to time, renew, alter, or add to, such Device, foreign Con- as they shall think proper., -

fumption j

»nd they aieaifo X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Maker of Cards shall, from and OfHc^Wra^ers a^tcr *he fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, send to the said Commissioners fuc iCnciofingPthe the Stamps, or their Officers, Jews or Wrappers made for inclosing Cards for Use or Play in Great Cards, with their Britain^ with his Name, and any other particular Word or Thing printed thereon, as the said Commis-fJames, See. ’ sioners shall direct, in order that the same may be stamped, and delivered again, from time to time, to

Fr*nt'd fi, ch Maker, as Occasion shall require; and that from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand

nam t wVhone seven hundred and sixty-five, the said Commissioners of the Stamp Duties shall and may denote one of the of the Six'penny fix Penny Duties charged on Playing Cards in Great Britain on such Jew or Wrapper.

Duties charged

/kndkarate

XL. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Accounbare to fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, separate and distinct Accounts shall be kept be kept with by the proper Officer of the Stamp Duties with every Card Maker of the Cards made by him for Use or each Card Play in Great Britain, and of those made for Exportation; the Charges in which said several Accounts Maker, of the shall be made out against him from the Number of Aces of Spades, Labels, and Jews or Wrappers, deli-HomeTnd off vere^ > and every such Card Maker shall, once in every twenty-eight Days, attend at the Stamp Office, or thcdTforEx- on the Distributor of Stamps next adjacent to the Place where he mall make Cards, and adjust, settle, and portation; sign the same; and in case any Difference shall arise in settling such Accounts, then such Card Maker which are tobc shall immediately, or within one Week after, if he carries on his Trade within ten Miles of London; and, settled oncca if at a greater Distance, then within twenty Days, apply to the said Commissioners of the said Duties to ^"Difference the whose Determination shall be final; and if any such Card Maker shall neglect or refuse

arising the re- to apply as aforesaid, then such Accounts, whether signed or not by him, shall be deemed conclusive, and tipm, is to be be admitted in Evidence against him.

settled by the

Commission* rs. Where Cards shall be spoiled in the making, the Commirton-ert sre to allow another Ace of Spades for the damaged one.

Maker making up any Ace of Spades, for Jew, ulrd ht fore, forfeits aoi.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Pack of Playing Cards, or Part of any Pack of Playing Cards, shall be damaged, defaced, or spoiled, in making the same, so as to be rendered unfit for Play; then, on Oath made thereof by the Maker (which Oath the said Commissioners of the Stamp Duties, or any three of them, are hereby impowered to administer) such Maker shall be allowed by such Commissioners another Ace of Spades, instead of the Ace so damaged, defaced, or spoiled, with any such Pack, or Part of any such Pack, of Playing Cards, on producing and delivering to the said Commissioners such damaged, defaced, or spoiled Ace.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Maker of Cards shall use, in the making up any Pack of Cards, any Ace of Spades, Jew, or Wrapper, that has been used before; then every such Card Maker shall for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 46. 119

XIV. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall, from and after the and the Seiieror passing of this Act, fell or buy any such Ace of Spades, Jew, or Wrapper, in order to be made use of in, f^l^Ace*0/ about, or for the inclosing, any Pack or Parcel of Cards; every Person so offending shall, for every such 5?cades^rVw> Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds. in order to oe

so made ufs of, forfeits also aol.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if either the Buyer or Seller but either Party

of any such Ace of Spades, Jew, or Wrapper, shall inform against the other Party concerned in buying ^mitted^o or felling such Ace of Spades, Jew, or Wrapper; the Party so informing shall be admitted to give Evi- *f* gl'ycne*, dence against the Party informed against, and shall be indemnified against the Penalties so by him or and be indem* her incurred. nified.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person whatsoever shall reland, Penalty on frau-

or cause or procure to be relanded, any Parcel of Cards, after the same shall be entered and shipped for dulently re. Exportation in any Port or Place, other than the Port or Place to which such Cards are consigned, every ,anljn8 Cards such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds. ' i.cols

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person concerned in and any of the

the relanding of such Exportation Cards, shall inform against any other Party concerned, the Person so Partes inform-informing shall be admitted to give Evidence against the Party informed against, and shall be indemnified ing fcailbc ad. against the Penalties so by him or her incurred. Evidence and

XVIII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Ma- clause in Act

jesty Queen Anne, intituled, Ai\ Act for the laying certain Duties upon Candles'\ and certain Rates upon 9 Aadx, c. 9.

Monies to be given with Clerks and Apprentices, towards railing her Majestys Supply for the Year one thousand t ftiten hundred and ten, the Duty, Rate, or Sum of (ix Pence, for every twenty Shillings of every Sum € of fifty Pounds or under; and the Duty, Rate, or Sum of one Shilling, for every twenty Shillings of all and every Sum and Sums amounting to more than fifty Pounds, which should be given, paid, con- trafted, or agreed for, with, or in relation to, every Clerk, Apprentice, or Servant, which should be

within the Kingdom of Great Britain, put or placed to or with any Master or Mistress, to learn any Profession, Trade, or Employment, and proportionably for greater or letter Sums, was charged and

imposed on the said Masters or Mistreffe9 respectively: And whereas great Inconveniencies arise in col- lefting the said Duties, for want of proper Entries being made and kept by the Chamberlain and other proper Officers of Cities and Corporate Towns, and Companies, of the Names of the Master or Mif- tress, and Clerk, Apprentice, or Servant; the Place of Abode of such Master or Mistress \ the Date of the Indenture, Covenant, Articles, or Contraft; the Sum of Money given, paid, contrafted>or agreed;

for, and the Profession, Trade, or Employment, which such Clerk, Apprentice, or Servant, is to learn */

For remedying whereof, be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That from and Where the Free-after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, every Chamberlain and other dom of 9ity proper Officer of every City and Corporate Town and Company, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, obuined^Ser-where any Clerk or Apprentice, or Servant, obtains his Freedom by Servitude, shall fairly write and enter vituj"C the er~ in some Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, the Names of all such Clerks, Apprentices, and Ser- chan t*?rhin, or vants, as shall be put or placed out within the Jurisdiction of such City or Town Corporate, and also other proper the Names and Places of Abode of the Masters or Mistresses, and the Sums of Money given, paid, con- Officer, i-torn-' trafted, or agreed for, with, or in relation to, such Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants, and the Profession, o7a\i PersonV Trade, or Employment, which they are respectively to learn; and the Dates of the Indentures, Cove- pur wt cicks, nants. Articles, or Contrafts, by which such Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants, are respectively put and Apprentices, or placed out; and if any Chamberlain or other proper Officer shall neglect or refuse to make any such Entry, Servants, with in Manner as above set forth, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds. Abode of the

Matters, the Apprentice Fees, and Dates of the Indentures, &c. on Forfeiture of aol.

XIX. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all printed Indentures, and the follow. Covenants, Articles, or Contrafts, for binding Clerks or Apprentices in Great Britain, after the said ,neNor, cct0l,<r. fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty^five, shall have the following Notice of Memo- i^n-

randum printed under the same; videlicet; tures,&c.

c i 'HE Indenture, Covenant, Article, or Contraft, must bear Date the Day it is executed; and what (ThcNotce.)

Jl Money or other Thing is given or contracted for with the Clerk or Apprentice, must be inserted in Words at Length; and the Duty paid to the Stamp Office, if in London, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, within one Month after the Execution, and if in the Country, and out of the said Bills of Mortality, within two Months, to a Distributor of the Stamps, or his Substitute; otherwise the Indenture will be void, the Master or Mistress forfeit fifty Pounds, and another Penalty, and the Apprentice* be disabled to follow his Trade, or be made free.*

And if any Printer, Stationer, or other Person or Persons, shall fell, or cause to be sold, any such Indenture, Covenant, Article, or Contraft, without such Notice or Memorandum being printed under the same; then, and in'every such Case, such Printer, Stationer, or other Person or Persons, shall, for every on Forfeiture such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds of lcl*

XX. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late clause in Act Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty upon Licences for 29Cco,x. c. 13* 6 4'retailing

I 20

C. 46.

Anno qutnto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

retailing Beery Aley and other Exciseable Liquors \ and far e/labUfmnga Method far granting such Licences in Scotland; and for allowing such Licences to be granted at a Petty Session in England, in a certain Case therein Mentioned; it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That from and after the Feast of Eastety one thousand seven hundred and fifty-six, there should he, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, raised, levied,

collected, and paid, to his said then Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Purposes therein men- tioiicd, a Duty of twenty Shillings for every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper,

on which should be engrossed, written, or printed, any Licence for selling Ale or Beer, or other Excise- able Liquors, by Retail, over and above all other Duties chargeable thereupon: And whereas several Provisions are therein and thereby made, for the duly raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the same Duty: And whereas it is found, by Experience, that the said Provisions are not sufficient for that Purpose, in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed \ and that, by divers Frauds, and other ill Practices, the Crown has been, from time to time, de- frauded of a great Part of the said Duty, and it is rendered difficult to convict the Offenders: For Re- medy whereof, and for the further and tetter securing the raising, levying, collecting, and paying, of the said Duties for the future, and for preventing such Frauds and ill Practices, and for rendering the Conviction of the Offenders more easy in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales*

and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the I'cTfcaMeLi" ^a,(* fifth Day of Jfho one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, every Victualler or Alehouse Keeper, q w.i's^roexhi- an^ ev^ry Personidling Ale or Beer, or other Exciseable Liquors, by Retail; and every Person permitting bi», on Demand, or suffering any Ale or Beer, or any other Exciseable Liquors, to be sold by Retail, in his, her, or their their Licence to House, Outhouse, or Yard, Garden, Orchard, or other Place, in that Part of Great Britain called England* the Officer »p- the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, do and shall, on Demand to him or her made by any Officer appointed by the Commissioners for the time being to manage the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, produce and shew to such Officer or Officers, so demanding the same, his or her Licence to sell Ale or Beer, or other Exciseable Liquors, by Retail; and shall permit such Officer at his own Expence, to take and have a Copy thereof on Demand: And in case any such Victualler, or Alehouse Keeper, or other Person selling Ale or Beer, or other Exciseable Liquors, by Retail; or other Person or Persons so permitting or suffering any Ale, Beer, or other Exciseable Liquors, to be sold by Retail in his, her, or their House, or Outhouse, Yard, Garden, Orchard, or other Place as aforesaid; shall refuse or neglect so to do, then every such Victualler or Alehouse Keeper, or Person selling Ale or Beer, or other Exciseable Liauors, by Retail; or so permitting or suffering any Ale, Beer, or other Exciseable Liquors, to be sold by Retail in his, her, or their House or Outhouse, Yard, Garden, Orchard, or other Place as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better detecting of such Frauds and ill Practices, and preventing the same for the future, every Clerk of the Peace of or for each County,

Rftillers of

pointed by the Commissioners for Stamps, and to icimit him to tike a Copy thereof j

V.ce, iewn and ill rractices, and preventing trie lame for the luture, every valeric or the reace or or ror each bounty,

:ierks, and Riding, or Division, in each County in that Part of Great Britain called England, and the Dominion 6f

:ormonClerks, ;ulj Town.of Benvick upon Tweed, or his Deputy, or Person acting as such; and evciy Clerk of

on Forfeiture of 40 s.

Clerks of the Pe.ce, Tcwo Cle Co

hes^arc todc" Peace> or Town Clerk, or Common Clerk, or Person acting as such, of or for every City, Town, liver, upon De- an^ Liberty, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and the Dominion1 of Wales, and the Town of

manJ, to the Ofti.er of the Starny Duties,

Lists of the fevc-ral Persons li-cenled to rerail Be-r or ot her Excif ible Liquors,

he paying for

Berwick upon Tweed, where Licences to sell Ale or Beer, or other Exciseable Liquors, are, pursuant to the said Act, to be granted by the Justices or Magistrates of or for such City, Riding, Division, Town, or Liberty, and of the said Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or his Deputy, or Person acting as such, do and shall, on Demand to him made by any Officer of the Stamp Duties for that Purpose, or within the Space of three Days next after such Demand shall be so made, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to such Officer a true Lift of the Names and Places of Abode of all the Victuallers, Alehouse Keepers, and other Persons then licensed to sell Ale or Beer, or other Exciseable Liquors, by Retail, within every such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, or Liberty; and that on the Delivery thereof, such Officer of such Copy iq. Stamp Duties shall pay to such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Person acting as such, or to such for each lice a Ted Town Clerk, or Common Clerk, or his Deputy, or Person acting as such, for the making out and Person inimed writing every such Lift, after the Rate of one Farthing for every licensed Person whose Name shall be in such Lilt. therein inserted; all which Monies so paid shall, from time to time, be allowed to every such Officer of If such Lift shall the Stamp Duties in his Account; and in case any such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Person be relied, or acting as such, or any such Town Clerk or Common Clerk, or his Deputy, or Person acting as such, shall delayed, or be refuse or neglevft so to do by the Space of three Days next after such Demand shall be so made, or shall in, mfer' not insert in such Lift a full, true, and perfect Account of the Names and Places of Abode of all the Perthe oft*-ruler Tons the same ought to contain; that then, and in every such Case, every Person so offending shall, for foife.ts 51. every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds.

XXII. And whereas by the Laws now in Force in that Part of Great Britain called England, Domi- nion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, Persons selling Ale or Beer, or other Exciseable Liquors, by Retail, without Licence, are liable and subject by different Laws to different Penalties and ‘ Punishir.cnts, which has occasioned much Confusion, and an ill and improper Use has been made thereof in many Instances For the Prevention whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, every Person lawfully cr-nvuSted of selling Ale or Beer, or other Exciseable Liquors, by Retail, after that Day, in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Twceiy without being duly licensed so to do, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and undergo the several Pena ties and Punishments herein after-mentioned and provided in that Behalf, instead and in Leu of the several pecuniary and corporal Punishments which they are now liable or subject to by any JLaw now in Force;

that

Inftfad of the

pccunuiy and corpora! Punifti jnenrs mfliftrd by former on ReU*ler«v of Beer, &c. not

A.D. 1765. Anno quin'o Georgii III. c. ^6. 12

that is to say. For the first Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings, and also the Costs and Expences of con- keiigdulyli-\i^ting such Offender; and in case such Sum, together with the Charges and Expences of convicting"J* f'jch Lender, shall not be paid within the Space of fourteen Days fiext after such Conviction, that then twtri»ce, the Ortcmirr shall fufllr Imprisonment for the Space of one Month, unless he or she shall sooner pay such 4Qg ind Ccfti and the Lolls, Charges, and Expences of such Conviction, and executing the same: And for of C«avi£tion;

1. ^tv°nd Offence, the Sum of four Pounds, and also the Costs and Expences of convifling such and»0,1 Noll"

Ofrcr.iier; ?-.A in call* such Sum, together with the Charges and Expences of convicting such Offender the leccnJ Time, shall not be paid within the Space of one Week next after such second Conviction, for oneMonth j to it then the Offender shall suffer Imprisonment for the Space of two Months, unless he or she shall for the second Oe;cr on Inch Pemlty of four Pounds, and the Cod', Charges, and Expences of such fecoud Conviction, Offence, 4l. and 7-'j executing the same: And for the third Offence, the Sum of six Pounds, and also the Cods and Costs; an<,« on I eucc> it convicting such Offender j and in case such Sum of six Pounds, together with the Charges £.* s - Expences of convicting such Offender the third Time, shall not be paid within the Space of three fortwo Months5 D-y> nt after such third Conviction, that then the Offender shall fuller Imprisonment for the Space of for the third if.rce Months tinlcff he or she shall sooner pay such Penalty of six Pounds, and the Cods, Charges, and OrfVncc, 61. and Expcr.cc>, of such thir l Conviction, and executing the same; and the like Penalty and P.imishment for Corts» and>on evr-y other Offence after the third Offence and Conviction, thereof, as for the said third Offence; all ^0.n'Pa^"V v.! ith CiJ Colls and Expences shall be assessed, settled, and ascertained by the Justice or [uflices of the for Months P^a 'e before whom such Offenders shall respectively be convicted; any Law, Statute, or Custotn, to the and the 1U contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: All which Penalties and Forfeitures shall go and be paid, Penalty and the one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, and also P"ni?n^nr ai ell such Cods, Charges, and Expences, to be assessed or ascertained as aforesaid, to the-Prosecutor or Pro- ,

fccutors of every such Offender or Offenders. - oTnce. ’

Tie Co As are to be settlru by the Justces f and the Penalties to be applied, one Moiety to the Crown, and the other Moiety and Costa to the Prosecutor,

t

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and The Justices are

for any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, for the time being, of the County or Place where authorised to

any of the said Offences aguinfl this Act, or the said former Act, shall be committed, to hear and deter* hear *"d dc^r*

mine the same Offences in a luminary Way; which said Justice and Justices of the Peace are hereby ofon'esin'*' authorised and required, upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made, in that Behalf, to or fonimary Way.' before him or them, to summon the Party or Parties accused, and also the Witnesses on either Side (if

they shall be required to summon any such Witnesses) and upon the Appearance, or Contempt of the Party or Parties accused by not appearing, to proceed to examine and hear the Matter in a summary Way; and also to examine such Witnesses on Oath as shall be produced therein (which Oath such Justice or Justices respectively is or are hereby impowered to give and administer) and to give his or their Judge- ment thereon; and in case he or they shall conviH the Party or Parties so accused or complained against ©t the Offence laid to his, her, or their Charge, and such Party or Parties shall refuse or neglect to pay the Penalty or PenaEits for which he, she, or they, dand convicted, within the Time herein before-mentioned for that Purpose, together with the Cods of such Conviction or Convictions, to be adlfled, ferried, and ascertained, as a fore I id; that then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lauful for every ItHi [uflice and Justices, and he and they, and each of them, is and are hereby authorised and

required to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants, pnder his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and

S i!s, for the apprTending and committing to Prison every such Offender, for such Time, and in

such Manner, as the Nature of the Offence shall require, according to the true Intent and Meaning.

of th s Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be wforfles br»g

flmrr..^ncd as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before any such Justice or Justices of the Peace, <My f"nimone#, tojcJing any of the Matters aforesaid, either on the Part of the Prolocutor, or of the Person or Persons "c£,eclmp OT

accused, and fli. 11 neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed,

ui:V ut a realoiuT’e Excuse fur such his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justice ableCaufertiew or Justices of the Peace; or, appearing, shall refuse to be examined on Oath, and give Evidence before or to ^vc tvi-such luflice or fuflitcs of the Peace before whom the Prosecution shall be depending; that then every dence> forfeit such Krlr.n (had forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be levied and paid in40*' such M riner, and by such Means, as are herein before directed as to other Penalties.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think hiinfcdf, herself, or them- PerC nr ^rrVv-age ieved by the Judgement or Conviction of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, for any of the cd b? the E‘ c*

% aforesaid, and shall give Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices of the Pence for Honor

iHr the Penalty, Oofls, and Expences, to be expressed in the Warrant or Warrants of Dirtrefs aj.n giving srcu!

cn i n Conviction, that then, and in every such Case, after such Security given, and not otherwise, it rity, rmv (L M rod rr?v be lawful 10 and for such Offender and Offenders to appeal frrm and aguinfl such Conviction 10 rbr Q^»ner nr C'or.v *ct:on$, to the Justice^ of the Peace assembled at the next Chiarter Seffons of the Pence to be held Stir,0U5» f »r tiuh C oiK.tv. Ri ling, Division, Lib rty, City, Town, or Place, tinlels such ScfTion of the Peace shall le h id w f a in six Days or lets next after such Conviction or Convictions shall be lb had or made; and ^honeto i-t *h.r Caff* ro the Justices of the Peace to be assembled at the next Sessions after such Scdions, and not arddc»crrr'ae iffr r ward*; and ih°t the Justices of the Peace assembled at such Sessions shall thereupon proceed to hear lJr Master an j Irtrrmine the Matter of every such Appeal, and their Judgement thcieon shall be final and cc^icJufive lna'1av}}. ^ to jP Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and in case the Justices of the Peace so assembled at such Stiltons, An^jl't© U Irit

1

122 C. 46. Anno Georgii III. A.D. 1765

wloin, or Veki. shall find and adjudge any such Appeal to be frivolous or vexatious, it shall and may be lawful to and for them to give and adjudge to the Party dr Parties grieved by such Appeal, his or their reasonable Costs ant# Charges occasioned thereby, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of five Pounds on any one Appeal.

XXVI. And in order to prevent frivolous aftd vexatious Appeals, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Conviction in the Forth or to the Effect following, Mutatis mutandis, as the Case shall happen to be, shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without dating the Case, or the Fafts or Evidence rn any more particular Manner; (that is to say)

cecdidg 51.

Form of Cdtf-vi&ioA.

Middlesex, ff.c

E it remembered. That on this

A. B of, &c. was

Day of in the Year

duly convicted Before me C.D. one of his Ma-

‘B,

jesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, or before us C.D. and E. F. two of his Majesty's Justices Of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex (as the Case Jbatl happen to be) for selling Ale or Beer, or other Exciseable Liquors (as the Case shall happen to be) without being duty licensed so to do, according to the Statutes in such Case made ' 4 and provided, whereby he, she, or they, has or have forfeited the Sum of

this being the first, second, or third Offence (as the Case shall happen to be) besides the Costs and Expences Of this Conviction; which Costs and Expences I the said Justice of the*

# 4 Peace, or we the said Justices of the Peace (ds ihe Case shall happen to be) do hereby afeer-

tain and assess at the Sum of pursuant to the Statute*

in such Case made and provided.

Given under my Hand and Seal, or our Hands and Seals (as the Case shall happen to bej the Day and Year above written.*

XXVII. And whereas the said last mentioned Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, has not been duly carried into Execution by 1 the Justices of Peace, and Magistrates of Royal Bofoftghs, in that Part of Great Britain called SeotlancL 4 and ih other Respects hath been found defeaive and ineffectual j in that Part of the United Kingdom: Wkertthe J»f- For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth Day of July*-the Puce 6he thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, in case the Justices of Peace of any Shire or Stewaftry, or the Magistrates of any Royal Borough, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall, in this, or any tdmir and li- facceeding Year, neglect to affenible upon the Days, and at the Time and Places, mentioned in the afore*

confc Retailers said Act, in order to admit and license for the Year then next ensuing, such and so marly Persons as their

of Beer, and shall think meet and convenient, to keep Alfe Houses, Tippling Houses, Victualling Houses, or to fell other Exciseable jjeer> or other Exciseable Liquors, by Retail, within their respective Shires, Stewartries, and Bo-flttoA^ao" roughs, according to the Directions of the aforesaid Act; then, and in that Case, it shall be lawful to the Geo. a. c. 12. Clerk of the Peace of any such Shite dr Stewartry, or his lawful Deputy, and to the Clerk of any such the Clerks of the Royal Borough, or his lawful Deputy respectively, and they are hereby required, after making an Entry Peace, andot\he Record, that the Justices of Peace, or Magistrates aforesaid, had neglected to assemble in purfuarice of.

a^ore^a^ Act, to deliver, to cause to be delivered, to every Person hying or residing within such Shire Lkesces! UC dr Stewartry, or Royal Borough or Liberties thereof felpeftively, who shall apply for the same, (unlefa

such Person shall be disqualified to have a Liberty by this or any former Act) a Licence irigrossed, written* or printed, upon a Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, stamped as by the aforesaid Act is directed,

being first duly with a Stamp denoting the Payiriertt of the Duty of twenty Shillings, signed by the Clerk of the Peace of ftaoipt with the such Shire or Stewartry, or the Clerk of such Royal Borough, or their lawful Deputies respectively; for act. Dutyj each of which Licences there shall be paid and payable the Sums mentioned in the aforesaid Act, and 119 and they are more; and which Licences so signed and delivered by the Clerk of the Peace of any Shire or Stewartry, thereupon intb* or the Clerk of any Royal Borough, dr their lawful Deputies respectively, shall be, to all Intents and Pur- -tied to the cuf. p0fes, as good and effectual to the Receiver or Receivers thereof, as if the same had been allowed, granted, ternary Fee*. anj signej^ in a Meeting of the Justices of Peace of such Shire or Stewartry, or of the Magistrates of such Royal Borough; any thing in the aforesaid Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Where It shall be

XXVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Justices of the Peace of any necessary, the Shire or Stewartry, or the Magistrates of any Royal Borough, assembled, upon the Days appointed by' Justices meeting the aforesaid Act for executing the Powers thereby committed to them, shall find it necessary^ it shall and tfthe ftidAa may for them ta continue or adjourn their Meeting to the next lawful Day, and no longer;,

may continee or and in case the Justices of Peace of any Shire or Stewartry, or the Magistrates of any Royal Borough, adjourn their shall not, upon one or other of these Days, completely execute the Powers committed to them by the Meeting to the aforesaid Act, by allowing or refusing the Petition or Claim of every Person within their several Districts, next lawful Day; who shall apply to them for a Licence to sell Ale, Beer, or other Exciseable Liquor by Retail; then, and Bufintf* as shall *n ^at Case, it (br.ll be lawful to the Clerk of the Peace of such Shire or Stewartry, or his lawful Deputy, not be then com- a°d to the Clerk of such Royal Borough, or his lawful Deputy respectively, and they are hereby required, pJered, the after making an Entry or Record that the said Justices of Peace, or Magistrates, bad not completely Clerks of the executed the Powers committed to them by the aforesaid Act, to deliver, or cause to be delivered, to every peace»*c* aie Person who shall have so applied to the Justices of Peace, or Magistrates aforesaid, and upon whose Ap-to nl plication no Deliverance or Ord«r shall have been made as aforesaid, a Licence duly signed by such Clerk

»nd the Licences above directed; which shall be as good and effectual to the Receiver thereof, as if the same had been

r0 granted are allowed, granted, and assigned, in a Meeting of the said Justices or Magistrates respectively; any Thing in valid j the aforesaid Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX*

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 46. 123

XXIX. Provided always, That no Clerk of the Peace, or of any Royal Borough, or their Deputies, b«t all such LU (shall grant any Licence under this Act, at any other Time than within three Days following the Days concesdn^J^e appointed by this, or any former Act, for the Justices of Peace, 6r Magistrates of Royal Boroughs, tp ^Days after the

fcfant the same* Times appointed

for the Justices issuing the same*

XXX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Clerk of the Peace, or ofcierk of the

Any Royal Borough, or their Deputies, shall, in either of the Cases above expressed, refuse to sign and Peace, &c. refit-deliver Inch Licence to any Person applying for the same as aforesaid, each of them so offending shall for- J"?10 -!gn a"d feit.tod pay to each and every Person to whom, or for whose Behoof, such Licence ought to nave been ^nceY forfeit* delivered as aforesaid, the Sum of ten Pounds, with full Cods of Suit, to be sued for and recovered before I0j# to the Par-she Sheriff or Stewart Court of the Shire or Stewartry within which the Person so offending shall reside, ty, with full in Manner herein after directed. Costs of Suit.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the Peace of each They are to Shire or Stewartry, and the Clerk of each Royal Borough respectively, shall be holden and obliged annu- ,"*ke "P» *Jn"-Ally to make up a true and exaS Lift, in a Book or Register to be kept for that Purpose of the Names, p^fonsikenfed Additions, and Places of Abode, of all Persons within their respective Districts, to whom Licences for re- withia their retailing Ale, Beer, or other Exciseable Liquors, shall be delivered in pursuance of this or the aforesaid AS; speaive Dif-vhich Lift shall he signed in the Book or Register aforesaid, by the Clerk of the Peace of each Shire or trias; which Stewartry, or Clerk of each Royal Borough, or their lawful Deputies respectively, and shall be carefullyarc to^eJte?t preferred with the other Recorqs under their Care; and the Clerk of the Peace of each Shire or Stew- entry, and the Clerk of each Royal Borough, ?nd their Deputies respectively, shall be holden and obliged, them$ and they

Si or before the first Day of December in this and every Year, to transmit to the Collector of the Stamp are to transmit uties at Edinburgh, an exaS Copy of such Lift, taken from the said Bopk or Register, duly attested and aitested Copy Signed by such Clerk or his Deputy; and in case any Clerk of the Peace, or of any Royal Boroughthereof>Wort Wore fa id, pr their Deputies, shall neglect or foil to make up and sign such Lift, in a Book or Register as *0 lhe’ooiic!stor* Above directed, or shall neglect or foil to transmit an exaS Copy of such Lift, as entered in the said Book of the Stamp pr Register, to the Collector of the Stamp Duties at Edinburgh, as above required, the Person or Persons Duties »t£dio-(fending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds; to be sued for and re-bursh». covered before the Sheriff or Stewart Court of the Shire or Stewartnr within whiph the Person so offend- °" Fo.rfcitur8 jngshall reside, in Manner herein after directed; and in case any Clerk of the Peace, or Clerk of any ,ndff any Person Royal Borough, or their Deputies, shall willfully omit to insert in the aforesaid Register, or in the Copy ftail be wilfully thereof to be transmitted as aforesaid, the Name of any Person who shall be licensed to retail Ale, Beer, omitted or or other Exciseable Liquors, within their several Districts; or shall wilfully insert in such Register, or wrongfully jn-Copy thereof to be transmitted as aforesaid, the Name of any Person as licensed, who shall not have been £.r*cd r", so licensed; such Clerk shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings for each u^forfeit40s. Person licensed, whose Name shall be omitted to be inserted in the said Register, or Copy thereof to be for such Oimf-stransmitted as aforesaid; and five Pounds for each Person not licensed, whose Name shall be inserted in fu>n, and 51. inch Register or Copy thereof; to be sued for and recovered before the Sheriff or Stewart Court of the Jor such wro, K £hire or Stewartry within which the Person so offending shall reside, in Manner herein after directed. imertion*

XXXII. And whereas Persons may presume to keep Ale Houses, Tippling Houses, or Victualtransm[^i]tt transmittling Houses, or to sell Ale, Beer, or other Exciseable Liquors, by Retail, without such Licence as is hereby and by the above recited Act required;’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person Persons in Scot-in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, who, after the tenth Day of November, one thousand seven knd felling hundred and sixty-five, shall keep an Ale House, Tippling House, or Victualtransm[^i]tt transmittling House, or shall sell Ale, °ble\J<[uorX*yby~ 3ec^, or other Exciseable Liquors, by Retail, except in Fairs, without being licensed thereunto, according to Retail, not b*. the DireSipns of this and the former Act above recited, and shall be thereof convicted in Manner herein ing duly licensed, after mentioned; every such Offender shall forfeit and pay, for the first Offence, the Sum of thirty Shillings; so.fcit, for the for the second Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings; and for the third, or any subsequent Offence, the °for the, Sum of five Pounds; and shall, after the said third Offence, be incapable of keeping an Ale House, Tip- £?oid^Vs.'an* sling House, or Victualtransm[^i]tt transmittling House, or of selling Ale, Beer, or other Exciseable Liquors, by Retail, or of for the third, or having any Licence for such Purpose thereafter; all which respective Penalties and Forfeitures, for felling any subseqjrnt Ale, Beer, or other Exciseable Liquors, by Retail, without Licence, shall and maybe sued for and re- 51_and

covered before the Sheriff or Stewart Court, or before any two or more Justices of the Peace of the Shire dirqua‘fied* or Stewartry, or the Baillie Court of any Royal Borough, within whose Jurisdiction respectively the Offender or Offenders (h^ll reside, by any Person who shall inform, and sue, or prosecute, for the same;

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons sued or Method of Con* prosecuted for retailing Ale, Beer, or other Exciseable Liquors without Licence, may and shall be legally vjflion in such convicted thereof on their own Confession, or on the Oath of one credible Witness, or upon Evidence by Case,# the Stock Book, or other Accounts kept by the Gauger or Officer of Excise, which he is required to produce, attested by the Oath of such Gauger or Officer, that the Person so sued or prosecuted has been charged or surveyed as a Victualler or Retailer, and has been charged with the same Duties of Excise that Victuallers and Retailers are usually charged with, and pay, for Ale, Beer, and other Exciseable Liquors, within the Period mentioned in the Information* or Complaint.

XXXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures infliScd General MrtWi by this Act, not otherwise provided for, may be sued for or prosecuted before the respective Courts above of Recovery, and appointed, within six Months after committing the Offence, and shall be payable, one Moiety there- ^lbtlon ot ©if to bis Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to any Person or Persons who Forfeituw R a shall

i24 C. 46.

Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 176$.

in Scotland, ivh*re notother-y*ile provided ft.

Limitstinnasto the Time* of Execution of Warrants for Lilt refs, upon Conviction of Offenders.

The Gfounds of

A pieals to be made to the Ba nns of the E ichequer at Edinburgh j

m3 m to be lodged wi h the Original Pro-cteamgi. Appellant to give in his Reason< of Appeal, tr.d Bond to pro* fecu’e, r c. otherwise the Judgement to jLnd good. Where the Reasons of Appeal Hull be duly lodged, Ate. the Cteik. of the Court is to t'auf-init a Co| y of the Ori(. inal Prc.cerdi gs and Sent nee to the Sojlicitor of the Stamp Duties at Edinburgh, with the Reasons of Appeal, and the Bond, Arc. to be lodged in the OHke of the

and such AeoenJ may be hc«id in or out ot Teim.

Full C #fts to be allowed, if the Appeal is diu milled, or the Senttncc ah ft 1 ltd; to be h-vltd 1 y Diihei&«nd 5ale.

Pu"lick OTcc-s li" 1 w in their

C mT .<!y i iy

ii«< 1.1 or I ers, w 1» < h rt.uv tend to lec-ne me Su 1 d D ltK«,

I Ol.CCVwi Any

shall sue.or prosecute for the same; and may be recovered and levied either by the usual Execution of the

Law of Scotland or by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of the Offender (rendering to him or her the Overplus, alter the Charges of the said Distress and Sale shall be deducted) by a Warrant signed by the Judge or Magistrate before whom such Offender fh ill be convicted, and which Warrant shall contain Power to enter Houses, and break open Doors, in order to make such Distress effectual, and may be carried into Execution without NecetTny of any previous Intimation of the Conviction; any Thing in the aforesaid AiSt to the conttaiy notwithstanding.

XXXV. Provided always, That no such Warrant for Distress shall be carried into Execution, till after the Expiration of six Days after the Conviction of every such Offender; and the Clerk or Clerks of the respective Courts aforesaid, before whom any Conviction for any of the Offences aforesaid shall proceed, shall, and they are hereby required, carefully to preserve the whole Grounds and Warrants of every such Conviction amongst the other Records of such Court; and shall not be obliged to return or certify the same to any other Court; any Thing in the aforesaid Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

such Warrants to be preserved on Record.

XXXVI. And whereas the Appeal to the Quarter Sessions allowed by the aforesaid Act, has been found inconvenient and improper, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the tenth Day of Novrn.ber, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, it shall and may be lawful to any Person or Persons who shall think him, her, or themselves, aggrieved, by the Sentence or Decree of any Judge of Magistrate convicting him, her, or them, of any of the Offences aforesaid described in this Act, within three Days after the Date of such Decree or Sentence, to appeal to the Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh; which Appeal shall either be taken in open Court in the Presence of the Judge or Magdlrate who shall have pronounced the Decree or Sentence appealed from, by a Writing signed by the Appellant or his Procurator, or at the Office of the Clerk of such Court, by a Writing signed as aforesaid; all which Appeals, the Clerk of such Court shall carefully lodge and preserve along with the Proceedings in the Original Suit; and the Person or Persons so appealing shall, within six Days after lodging such Appeal, give in to the Clerk of the said Court his Reasons of Appeal, and a Bond with a sufficient Suiety to prosecute the said Appeal with Effcdl, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded against him, her, or them, in case the Appeal shall be dismissed, or the Sentence or Decree appealed from be affirmed; and which Reasons of Appeal and Bond shall likewise be lodged and nreferved by the said Clerk along with the Proceedings in the Original Suit; and in case the Person or Persons so appealing, shall neglect to give in his Reasons of Appeal and Bond to prosecute the same as above required, the Appeal shall be holden as pailed from, and the Sentence or Decree against which the Appeal was taken, shall to all Intents and Purposes become final, and he carried into Execution according to the Direction! of this Act; and in case the Reasons of Appeal and Bond for prosecuting the same, shall be duly lodged as aforesaid, the Clerk of the Court appealed from shall, and is hereby required, within fourteen Days after the Date of such Appeal, to transmit to the Sol!icitor of the Stamp Duties at Edinburgh) a full Extract of the whole Proceedings in the Original Suit, and of the Decree or Sentence following thereupon, and of the Appeal, and Reasons of Appeal, and Bond for prosecuting the same, duly signed by him or his lawful Deputy, for which he shall be i n titled to receive the ordinary Fees of an extrailed Decree; and which Extract the Soil ici for of the Stamp Djtics shall immcffat-lv lodge in the Office of the King’s Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer; and so ffoon as such Extract shall be so lodged, it shall and may be lawful to either Party, Appellant or Respondent, to apply to the Bar ms of the said Court, or any one of them, as well out of Term as in Term Time, in order to h ive a Day appointed for hearing and determining such Appeal; and the said Barons, or any of them, shall accordingly appoint such Day as they shall think proper, of which due Notice shall be given determined by the Party who applied for such Day, to the other Party in the said Appeal, ten Days at least before the Day appointed for hearing and determining such Appeal.

Kind’s Remembrancer, See. and the Barons are thereupon to appoint a Day for Hearing j

XXXVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Barons, or any one of them,

{lull, and he or they is or are hereby impowert.d, as well out of Term Time as in Term Time, to hear and determine such Appeal, and to give lucii Judgement thereupon, as to them or him shall seem just; and to award Full Costs of Suit, in case the Appeal shall be dismissed, or the Sentence or Decree appealed from shall be affirmed; which Judgement shall be final to all Intents and Purposes, and subject to no other Review whatsoever; anvl the said Barons, or any one of them, who shall give such Judgement, may and shall grant Warrant for levying the Sum or Sums of Money by such Judgement, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Pc; fun or Persons against whom such Judgement shall be given, and his, her, or their Surety or Sureties and for such other Execution of the Law in the same Way and Manner as the inferior Judge or Magjftme, before whom the Oiiginal Suit was brought, might have done for levying any of the Penalties inflicted by this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Publick Officers in Great Britain, who shall, from time to time, have in their LVftndv any Books, Papers, Files, Records, Remembrances, Dockets, Papers, and Proceedings, the Sight or Knowledge whereof may tend -to the securing ;viy of his Majesty's Stamp Duties, or to the Proof or Discovery of any Fraud or Omission in relation thereto, or to any of them, shall, at any fcafftvnhlc Time or Times, permit and suffer any Officer and Officers th.-reunto authorised by the Commissioners for the time being appointed to manage those Duties, or the major Part of them, to inspeci and view all such Books, Files, Records, Remembrances, Dockets,

Papers,

c.

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 46. 125

P.ip'rs, and Proceeding?, and to take thereout such Notes or Memorandums as such Officer or Officers Fraud therein C’./.l ice necessary for the Purposes last mentioned, without Fee or Reward; upon Pain that every such Q^rTau-puS!:c k Officer who shall refuse or neglect to permit or suffer such View and lnfpc&ion, shall, for every t orized for the such Kcfuf.il and Neglect, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds. Purposrs to in-

spect, and take Notes gratis j on Penalty of 50 U

XXXIX. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the spoiled fa d fiuh Day of Ju’y\ one thous'and seven hundred and sixty five, it shall be lawful for all Persons who ,f>retl,c Wrll~ ih J! at any Time have* in their Cudody or Possession any Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, written ^darccxe"

or iperi lied upon, which shall be inadvertently and undesignedly spoiled, obliterated, or by any other

rendered unfit for the Purpose intended, before the fan re is executed by any Party or Parties, and

w^r:h, in either Case, shall not have been tiled for any other Purpose, or in any other Manner what-

n >r any Money, or other Confederation, paid or given to the Attorney, Sollicitor, or other Person and for which e~ phveJ to tranla^t the Bnfiness intended to have been carried into Execution by such Writing or noContiacr*t:oiu Irg-oiiment, or to the Writer or Ingrosser thereof, for the Duty or Duties marked, stamped, or impelled !^! Au"nifJgc thereon, to b/ing or fend such Stamped Paper, Vellum, or Parchment, unto the said Commissioners of s^;ic!ior the Stamp Duties at their Head Office in London or ll'cftminster; and upon Oath made to the Satisfaction w the said Commissioners (which Oath the said Coinnvfnoners, or any three or more of them, are hereby mAVscexchang. author!7. .*d to administer) that such Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, so written or ingroded upon, td for other or ipoiieJ, obliterated, or by any other Means rendered unfit for the Purpose intended, hath not been St’mP* o! hkt executed by any Party or Parties, or used for any other Purpose, or in any other Manner whatsoever; v*lue* and mat no Money, or other Consideration, hath been paid or given for the Duty or Duties marked,

Pumped, cr impreTfed thereupon, (faveand except the Money firit paid for such Duty or Duties to the kid Commissioners, or the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties, or other proper Officer appointed to collect and receive the same) the said Commissioners are hereby required to (lamp and mark, or c.mfc to be lljrr, ped and marked, for the several Persons who shall lb bring and deliver any Quantity of Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, so written or ingrossed upon, spoiled, obliterated, or by any other Means rendered unfit for UP: or Service, the like Quantity of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with the several and rc pcitive Duties stamped, rnaiked, or impreiled, on the Vellum, Parchment, orwPaper, so written or mgruil :d upon, spoiled, obliterated, or by any other Means rendered unfit for Use or Service, without demanding or taking, directly or indirectly, for the same, any Sum of Money, or other Confix j

deration whatsoever.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall coun- P?«alty#fcounterfeit or forge, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Seal, Stamp, xMark, Plate, or of

Device, which shall be provided, made, or used in pursuance of this Act; or shall counterfeit or resemble 1 lC ljrr*P,» the ImpreGi >n of the same upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or upon any Cards, or Ace of Spades,* cr Jjw, or Wrapper, or any Thread or Paper inclosing any Pack or Parcel of Cards, with an Intent to detraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, cr u k n Cards; or shall utter, vend, or sell, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or any Cards, Ace of or the

spades, or Jew, or Wrapper, with such counterfeit Seal, Stamp, Mark, Plate, or Device thereupon, farre*or fraudB-k no wing the same to be counterfeit; or if any Person whatsoever shall privately and fraudulently use any Ee/, S'amp, Mark, Plate, or Device, provided or used, or to be provided or used, in pursuance of this ^a,iJth!rPK,n| rr *ry former Act or Acts of Parliament, relating to the Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and of the Duty,

P_; cr, and upon Cards, so as thereby to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any Duty payable \y 1 his or any such former Act or Acts of Parliament; then every such Person so offending, and being is Felony, thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without }>:n< fit of Clergy.

XLI. Ar.J be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures Snfiicted, Histribution of inr.-ol'ed, or to incur, by this Act, not herein before otherwise disposed of, shall go and be paid, the onc FvrfeUnret Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person or,

}Jcrbns who shall inform and sue for the same, in any Court of Record, with his or their Full Ch its ofdu>fcJoi; to Ui*. by Actmn of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Elibin, Protection, or Wager of Law, b- rt-o.vrrfd cr v mere than one Imparlance, shall be allowed. vsith FullCofls,

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisions Articles, powers &<* C‘.-utec, Distribution of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things, prescribed or an- era ior-r-"*r;teJ by any former Act or Act of Parliament relating to the Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and rrl4t*

r*p.T, on which any Admission into any Corporation or Company, or Policy of Afluraice, fh. i) be in-

i'd, written, or printed, and not hereby altered, shall be in <u,i Force and F tfect, with relation to the and

I>*jt r. hereby impeded, and shall be applied and put in Execution, for the ra’sing, levying, collecting, and cr \f-

firot.r g. the fa;U new I)uths hereby imposed according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as f-ir- rxtcntK

(u V, r. hi Intents and Pi-rpt.fes, as if the same had severally and rtipcctivciv bet n hereby enabled with^ ,hcrc rr f. to the said in w Duties. _ Dure,‘

XI

LI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moisey out,f.-:prnFn-

2"' 1 :' v t 2* -f*v ( C.f

j i\^emor?nd*

ro,

by th*- lain I)ii»v hv this Act charged and impokd. 1 ]vin the Minute,

bdn.nfu n into any Corporation or Company, ilia! 1 be ithcl and ^pp m1 tc> inch anj: hr. fame I f s ll n ,n c *ri,r*',) firmer Duties were made applicable; and that all tul* Money urii.mr I v th-: ah:m uu! Dnf v ,ar* "r7 rV

f ' nfv Mu Imps by rh;s Act charged and imposed on roueie* (»; Anurc.nce. i v v. ih: rrop.*rtus nt t{ tK, iaI

hull- jci. on Pcl.d-1 iired

any Nunioerci Pufens in any Ships Caigo, or both, not exceeding in the Wiioic Sum oi onc

T26 'C. 47. Anno ^uinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

of Atftmce, to dred Pounds, shall be assured; shall be HRied and applied to such and the same Uses, as the former be ifpiw M the puties upon Policies of Assurance are applicable.

ofdMru

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Action, Suit, or other

Prosecution, shall be had, brought, or prosecuted, against any Person or Persons, for or by reason of any Act, Matter, or Thing, by him, her, or them, done or committed, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act; that then, in every such Case, the Action, Suit, or Prosecution, shall be laid and prosecuted in the County or City where the Fast was committed, and not elsewhere; and that, in every such Action, Suit, peneni Issue. dr Prosecution, the Defendant or Defendants may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and any other Act or Acts of Parliament, and any other Matter or Thing, in Evidence; and in case there shall be a Verdict or Verdicts therein for the Defendant or Defendants, or Judgement therein shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Prosecutor or Prosecutors, shall become nonsuit, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Prosecutor or Prosecutors, shall discontinue such Action or Suit* that then, and in every such Case, the Defendant and Defendants, in every such Action, Suit, or Prefer JFretteCoftf. cution, shall recover his, her, or their Treble Costs of Suit.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for encreasing the Pund for Payment of the Sums of Money directed, by an Act made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second* to be applied in Augmentation of the Salaries of the Puisne Judges in the Court of Kings Bench, the Judges in the Court of Common Picas, the Barons of the Coif in the Court mi Exchequer nt Westminster, and the Justices of Chester, and the Great Sessions for the Counties in Wales, for the time being; and for applying certain Sums in Augmentation of the Salaries of the said Judges and Justices, and of the Judges in the Courts of Session and Exchequer in Scotland, for a certain Time previous to the Commencement of the Augmentations established by the said Act.

[Preamble, reciting ingCUufeinAct

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for augmenting the Salaries of the Puisne fudges in the Court £ftOco.t. c. ,35.4 of King’s Bench, the Judges of the Court of Common Pleas, the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, the Judges in the Courts of Session and Exchequer in Scotland, and Justices of 4 Chester, and the Great Sefttons for the Counties in Wales; it was set forth. That the Salaries of the said

Judges and Justices were madequateto the Dignity and Importance of their Offices; and therefore in order to establish, in the first place, a proper Fund for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the said

Judges in the Courts at Westminster, and Justices of Chester, and the Great Sessions for the Counties in c tVaies, Certain Stamp Duties were thereby granted, and appropriated to the Payment of the several and x respective Sums of Money directed by the uid Act to be applied in Augmentation of the Salaries of the said last mentioned Judges and Justices5 and certain Sums were directed to be paid yearly out of the Duties and Revenues therein-mentioned, in Augmentation of the Salaries of the said Judges in Scotland: And whereas by an Act made in the Second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for better securing the Payment of the Sums of Money directed, by an Act made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to be applied in Augmentation of the Salaries of the Puisne Judges in the Court of King’s Bench, the Judges in the Court of Common Pleas, the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, and the Justices of Chester and the Great Sessions for the J Counties in Wales for the time being it was set forth, That the Fund provided by the said Act of the x thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for Payment of the Sums thereby granted in Augmentation of the Salaries to the said Judges and Justices in England and Wales,

had proved inefficient to make good and answer the same; and therefore certain other Stamp Duties were, by the said last mentioned Act, granted, appropriated, and made one Joint Fund with the Duties arising by virtue of the said former Act, for answering and paying, in such Manner and Proportions as are in the said former Act directed and appointed with respect to the Duties thereby granted, all such Sums of Money as should become due and payable from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, in pursuance of the said former Act, to the said Judges and Justices in c England and Wales: And whereas the said Joint Fund so established and provided for Payment of all such Sums of Money as should become due and payable from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, in pursuance of the said Act made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, to the said Judges and Justices in England and Wales, hath also proved insufficient to make good and answer the sameWe, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, in order to make the said Joint Fund effectual to answer the said Purposes, do give and grant unto your Majesty the Duties herein after-mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the

from and after

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Conf nt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, 5 July, 1765, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and the following after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, there shall be throughout England, AdditionalSump the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, raised, collected, levied, and paid, unto and 7 for

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 47. 127

for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every Piece of VcHum, Parchment, or Paper, on Doth* total* which the Matters and Things herein after-mentioned shall be ingrossed or written at any Time or Times P*4*®* * after the said fifth Day of Jufy* over and above the Rates and Duties, Charges and Sums of Money, now due and payable to his Majesty for or in respect of the same, the further Rates, Duties, Charges, and Sums of Money $ that is to say.

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchmet, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Admission into On Admifllonr Che four Inns of Court shall be ingrossed or written, an additional Stamp Duty of four Pounds. into the fourinn*

0 of Court, 4l.

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ipgrofled or OnTeftinwmhh written any Register, Entry, Testimonial, or Certificate, of the Degree of Utter Barrister taken in any of of the Dc*rce of the said four Inns of Court, an additional Stamp Duty of six Pounds. ^Ucr Barrister>

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better and more effectual railing, ThefeOutie* to levying, collecting, and paying, the said additional Rates and Duties hcreia before granted, the same shall beuadtrthe be under the Government, Care, and Management of the Commissioners for the time being appointed to Management of manage the Defies payable to his Majesty, -his Heirs and Successors, and charged on Stamped Vellum,

Parchment, and Paper, by former Acts of Parliament in that Behalf made; who, or the major Part of Dutiwo*" them, are hereby required and impowered to employ such Officers under them for that Purpose, as they Sump#.

shall think proper; and to use such Dies and Stamp, to denote the Stamp Duties hereby charged, as they shall think fit; and to repair, renew, or alter, the same, from time to time, as there shall be occasion end to do all other Acts, Matters, and Things, necessary to be done, for putting thie Ad in Execution, with relation to the said Rates and Duties hereby granted, in the like, and in as full and ample Manner, as they, or the major Part of them, are authorised to put in Execution any former Law concerning.

Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, to prevent the Multi- One newSt*mp > plication of Stamps for and in respect of the additional Rates and Duties hereby granted, it shall and m*y P|widei may be lawful for the said Commissioners, instead of distinct Stamps, to ascertain the Duties granted by ^"oung ail former Acts, and this Act, to cause one New Stamp to be provided for denoting all the said Duties, frOfn c UUCf4 time to time, as shall, by the said Commissioners, be thought proper or necessary.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, Such former

harged by this Act with any of the Stamp Duties hereby granted, which hath been, or shall, before the Stampt Paper, said ftfth Day of July* be stamped or marked in pursuance of the former Acts of Parliament relating to or

his Majesty's Stamp Duties, or any of them, shall, before any of the Matters or Things, in rdpeft whereof any Rate or Duty is hereby made payable, shall be ingrossed or written thereupon (such Ingrof- the raid 5 July, sing or Writing being at any Time after the said fifth Day of July) be brought to the Head Office for for the Porpofet ft am ping or marking of Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, to be stamped or marked with another Mark fotefiud, is to or Stamp, over and besides the Marks or Stamps put, or to be put, thereupon, in pursuance of the said

former Acts, or any of them; and that all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, which hath not been, or shall thw*

not, before the said fifth Day of July, he stamped or marked in pursuance of the said former Acts, or Dixiesgruxed any of them, shall, before any of the Matters or Things, in respect whereof any Stamp Duty is payable by this Act j but: hereby, and by the said former Acts, or any of them, shall be thereupon ingrossed or written (such Ingrossing or Writing being after the said fifth Day of July) be brought to the said Head Office, and there marked and stamped with the proper Marks or Stamps, or Mark or Stamp, provided, used, or appointed, the"Cnc«lWl or to be provided or appointed, in pursuance of the said former Acts, or of this Act, to denote the stamp for 41 irspective Duties thereby and hereby respectively charged thereupon; and if any of the said Matters the Daiies. and Things, so to be ingrossed or written as aforesaid, shall be ingrossed or written, contrary to the true Penalty of not Intent and Meaning hereof, upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, not appearing to have been duly the^pi-oper marked or stamped according to this Act; that then, and in every such Case, there shall be due, answered, b^idwtheia-and paid (over and above the Stamp Duties payable hereby, and by the said former Acts, or any of them) tiec| for or in respect of every such Matter or Thing, the Sum of five Pounds; and that no such Matter or tnd the laftro-Thing shall be available in Law or Equity, or be given in Evidence, or admitted in any Court, unless as went deemed well the said Duty hereby charged in respect thereof, as the said Sum of five Pounds, shall be first paid unavailable, y a* to the Receiver General for the time being of the Stamp Duties, or his Deputy or Clerk, and until the tilthefeDude*, Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which such Matter or Thing is so ingrossed or written, shall be pc^ *e marked or stamped according to the Tenor and true Meaning hereof; and the said Receiver General, p* y> zed hi* Deputy or Clerk, are hereby enjoined and required, upon Payment or Tender of the said Duties, Receipt to b« ar;J of the said Sum of five Pounds, and such other Sums as by the said former Acts are payable in that g»y«n for the Bch of, to give a Receipt for such Monies; and the other proper Officers are thereupon required to mark £ld Ij)ullc, L r stamp such Matters or Things with the proper Marks or Stamps, or Mark or Stamp, required in that Behalf; which laid Sum of five Pounds is to be applied to the same Uses and Purposes as the Duties Sutiez. hereby granted are to be applied.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rates and Duties herein before Dutifit0 be paid granted shall be paid, from time to time, into the Hands of the Receiver General for the time being of over to the Re-the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct Account ceiver General, of the Karen and Dufies infing by virtue of this Act; and pay the same (the necessary Charges of raising, ina by him into paying, and accounting for, such Rates and Duties being deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, the IicZc^urr;, for the Purposes herein after exp re fled, at such Time, and in such Manner, as any former Duties on

Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, are directed to be paid and that in the Office of the Auditor of

128 C. 47. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

and to be entered the said Receipt, fh.ill be provided and kept a Iiook or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the fcpArate and a- Rates and Duties hereby granted and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and therMonj3]1 °"aPart.from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account r whavfoever, and shall be applied in such Manner as is hprein after mentioned.

O filerr* to ob- VI, And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, and all other

fcr't- ti.r Rules OiTicers who shall be employed in the Collection or Management of the said Rates and Duties herein be-prcjtniHUum fOJc granted, drill, in the Execution of their Olhces, observe and perform such Rules and Orders as they y t ic T calury. respectively shall, from time to time, receive from the High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Trea-No F?es to be fury, or any three or more of them, for the time being; and that no Fee or Reward shall be taken or taken by them, demanded by any such Commissioners or Officers from any of his Majesty's Subjects, for any Matter or Offiter nr^ert- Thing to be done in pursuance of this Act; and in case any Officer employed in the Execution of this Act, in? his Durvlia- in relation to the said Rates and Duties, shall refuse or neglect to do or perform any Matter or Thing by He to pay Da- this Act requirt, d or directed to be done or performed by him, whereby any of his Majesty's Subjects (h ill or may sustain any Damage whatsoever, such Officer, so offending, shall be liable, by any Action to be founded on this Statute, to answer to the Party grieved all such Damages, with Treble Costs of Suit.

VIE And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners and their Officers shall be subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures, for any Breach of the Trusts in them reposed, or Brcaclt aTruftj for diverting or misapplying the Money received in pursuance of this Act, as by any former Law relating or misapplying to Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, are inflicted; and that all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Distribution of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things preferred, inflicted, or appointed, by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Stamp Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and not hereby altered, shall be in full Force and Effect, with relation to the Rates and Duties hereby imposed; and shall be applied, and put in Execution, for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing, the said Rates and Duties, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been herein enacted with relation to the Rates and Duties hereby imposed.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, from and after the said fifth Day of July, shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Seal, Stamp, or Mark,'to resemble any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this Adx for the Purpose of denoting the Duties hereby granted; or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties; or shall utter, r vending forg. vend, or sell, any Vellum, Parchment* or Paper, liable to any such Stamp Duty, with such counterfeit ed Stamps, or Stamp or Mark, knowing the same to be counterfeit; or shall privately or fraudulently use any Seal, privately or frau- Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this Act, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his thecal Sea"5 to ^e,rs ar)d Successors, of any of the said Duties; every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully defraud hit Ma- convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of jesty, is Felony* Clergy.

The several for-

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties hereby granted, and the mer Duties, and Duties arising by virtue of the said former Act made in the thirty-second Year of his late Majesty's Reign, granted^made a *n 5^e second Year of his Drefent Majesty's Reign, shall be and are hereby made one Joint Fund for Joint1 Fund*for answering and paying, in such Manner and Proportions as are in the said several Acts directed and appointed

iru^, with Treble Costs,

Penalty on Officers guilty of a

any of the Monies.

Powers, ice. granted by former Atb, extended to this

a a.

Penalty of counterfeiting or forging any of the Stamps,

by the recited ’n the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, the Chief and Second justices of Chester, and the Justices of

Acts of 32 Geo. the Great Sessions for the Counties in lVa!esy for the time being respectively; and if any Surplus shall re-*. anl 2 Geo. 3. main of the Produce of the said Fund, the same shall (except the Money herein after authorised to be Surplus Moacy paid thereout) or reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, in such Manner as any Surplus of the Du-the*fpofion°F l‘es 2rantc^ by the said several Acts are thereby respectively directed to be reserved.

of Parliament;

*rf\ paying the re- X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of any of the Surplusses which

out 3,6251. in shall arise upon the said Funds established for Payment of the said Augmentation, and upon the said addi* of°thTf"ic)3Sala- t>ona^ Stamp Duties hereby granted, after the Payments charged thereupon are, from time to time, satis-rics, from 5 Ja- fied, a Sum not exceeding three thousand six hundred and twenty-five Pounds, shall be paid and applied in m«ry to 5 July, Augmentation of the Salaries of the said Judges and Justices, from the fifth Day of January% one thousand *759* seven hundred and fifty-nine, to the fifth Day of July in the same Year, according to the Proportions appointed by the said Act of the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, with respect to the Augmentation therein mentioned.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of any of the Duties and Reve-iomnea nues *n ^art Great Britain called Sectland, which by an Act m.tde in the tenth Year of the Reign by a & 10 Ann*, of Queen Anne, where charged or made chargeable with the Payment of the Fees, Salaries, and othi*r in Scotland, Charges, allowed, or to be allowed, by her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, for keeping up the Courts in Augmentation of Session and Justiciary, and Exchequer Court in Scotland, a Sum not exceeding two thousand one hun-fthe judgesSa-poun(3Sj shall be paid and applied, in Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges in the said Courts ancst ere, rom §e[fion and Exchequer, from the said fifth Day of January to the said fifth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, according to the Proportions appointed by the said Act made in the thirty- second

2,1001, to be paid out of the Fundi established

5 January to SjulJ» >759*

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 48. 129

second Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, with respect to the Augmentation thereby granted of the Sala»ies of the said Judges.

XII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any time or times, be sued or prosecuted for any thing by him or them done or to be done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if, upon General Iflle. the Trial, a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him or them awarded against Treble Cost*. such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Manufactured Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, and Silk Gloves, into Great Britain and the British Dominions; and for rendering more effectual an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh, intituled. Silk Works.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Importation of Foreign Manufactured Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, and Silk Gloves, into Great Britain, and the British Dominions, is greatly prejudicial to the Trade and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and tends to the depriving of his Majesty's Subjects of the Means of supporting themselves and their Families For Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Forc'Sn Mantt* if any Foreign Manufactured Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, or Silk Gloves, shall, from and after the twenty- 5^ s^silk ^fourth Day of one thousand seven hundred and Gxty-five, be imported, brought, or conveyed, into Mi us,'or Silk

this Kingdom, or any Part of the British Dominions, the same shall be, and are hereby declared to be, for- cloves, are profited, and shall be liable to be searched for and seized, in like Manner as other prohibited and uncustomed hibitedto beim-<joods are, and shall be disposed of as is herein after mentioned; and every Person or Persons who shall Porlcdafter* bring, convey, or import, or shall cause to be brought, conveyed, or imported, into this Kingdom, or any £enaityoffo°r-Part of the British Dominions, any such Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, or Silk Gloves* or shall be aiding, fciturc. and the abetting, or assisting the rein, or being a Vender or Venders, Retailer or Retailers, of any Kind of Silk Persons*assisting Stockings, Mitts or Gloves, in whose Custody or Possession any such Foreign Manufactured Silk Stock- therein, or Deal-4ngs, Silk Mitts, or Silk Gloves, shall be found, or who shall fell, or expose to Sale, any such Silk Stock- *rs> wfho!f ings, Silk Mitts, or Silk Gloves, or who shall conceal any such Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, or Silk Gloves, cLL be with Intent to prevent the Forfeiture or Seizure of the same, shall, over and above the Forfeiture and Loss f0Und, or expos-of such Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, and Silk Gloves, and all Interest which he, she, or they, may have ing themt© -therein, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds, together with Costs Sa,c» forfeit of Suit. also a<X)1,

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Silk Stockings, where such

Silk Mitts, or Silk Gloves, shall be found and seized in that Part of Great Britain called England, out of ^d* fndfcit-the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and the same shall e^oJt of LonI not exceed in Value the Sum of twenty Pounds; it shall and may be lawful for two or more of his Ma- don, or Weekly jesty’s Justices of the Peace for such County, City, Borough, or Place, where the same shall be so found Bill*, not exceed-and seized, upon Information before them that such Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, or Silk Gloves, were seized in

as Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, or Silk Gloves, unduly brought into, and not manufactured within this Kingdom, to hear and determine the same, and to proceed to Condemnation or Discharge thereof, as shall County or pia<* seem just j any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding. may proceed to

Condemnation or Discharge thereof.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That forthwith after the Seizure of any Silk Seizures, if made

Stockings, Silk Mitts, or Silk Gloves, as aforesaid, the same shall be deposited in one of the King’s Ware- within London houses belonging to the Custom-house, in case such Seizure happens to be within the Cities of London or Westminster, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, where the same shall be received and admitted at all Times °fQ be'dcpofued -by the proper Officer or Officers there, who is and are hereby impowered and required to receive and pre- in the King’* /erve the same; and in case such Seizure shall be made out of the said Cities of London and Westminster, and Warehcufes; if the Weekly Bills of Mortality, then the same shall be deposited in the Hands of the Chief Magistrate of made cl few here, such City, Town, or Place, where the same shall be seized, or in the Hands of the Constable of the next chief

adjacent Village, who is and are impowered and required to receive and preserve the same; and all and Magnate, or every such Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, and Silk Gloves, may, from time to time, be viewed and inspected tonitable/and by any Person or Persons, on Behalf of the Prosecutor or Prosecutors, or of the Person or Persons interest- to be viewed, cd in or claiming the said Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, and Silk Gloves, with the Leave of the Court, Om- with Leave $ cers. Judges, or Justices, where or before whom any Prosecution or Suit shall be carried, for Condemnation thereof, or for Recovery of any Penalty by this Act inflicted, who are and is hereby required to make

and give such Orders, from time to time, for that Purpose, as may be just and reasonable; and after Con- *nd aftcrCon-demnation thereof in due Coutfe of Law, all and every such Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, and Silk Gloves, IXkkinfold shall be publickly sold to the best Advantage for Exportation by the Candle \ and one Moiety of the Pro- for Exportation

130

C. 4-8,

Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

1 the or

Dominions wiio mail lerze anu iccure me lame; anu 110 lucn ouk. chock mgs, ouk. iviihs, 01 oun- vjh uvea, shall be confurncd or used in this Kingdom, but shall be exported again to some Pore or Place not being any Part of his Majesty's Dominions, and shall not be fold otherwise than on Condition to be exported as aforesaid; and such Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, and Silk Gloves, shall not be delivered out of the Ware-for which Srcu- house or Place wherein the lame shall have been secured, until sufficient Security be firib given to the King’s nty is to be Majesty, his Heirs and Succcflers, which the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, are hereby im-powered and required to take, that the same and every Part thereof, shall be exported as aforesaid, and not

given.

to be ("ifchirgfd landed again in any Part of his Majesty's Dominions; which Securities shall be discharged without Fee or up m Certificate Reward, upon Certificate returned under the Common Seal of the Chief Magifttate in any Place or Places Job tHcr-of^or beyond the Seas, and out of his Majesty's Dominions, or under the Hands and Seals of two known English

Hoof mide of Merchants upon such Place, that the Goods were there landed; or upon Proof by credible Persons, that

thr-ir being taken such Goods were taken by Enemies, or perdhed in the Seas; the Examination and Proof thereof being left

by the Emmy, to the Judgement of the said Commissioners; which Commissioners are hereby impowered, from time to

or that ^xy ce- tjme to cail upon the Person or Persons who have entered into such Security, to produce such Certificate limed at Sea. t> _r r / 1 1

or 1 roof as aforesaid.

Where there IV. And, for the better discovering and detecting any Offender or Offenders against this Act; be it flu 1 be Grounds enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon an Information in Writing, made upon Oath before any for Suspicior, two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the respective County or Place (which Information be°n ^c Iignc^ by the Party or Parties making the same) that there is good Ground and Reason to suspecthat nfad" and sub- ^LIC^ Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, or Silk Giovcs as aforesaid, have been imported into this Kingdom, and fuibed before are concealed by, or are in the Polfdlion or Custody of, any Retailer or Seller of any Kind of Silk Stoclc-Justice, of any ings, Silk Mitts, or Silk Gloves, contrary to the true Intent of this Act; it shall and may be lawful for such Goods be- such Justices respectively, to issue their Warrant or Warrants to any Constable or Constables, or other inp irr.poned and peace Officer or Officers, within the said County or Place, impowering him or them to search in the Day-

R-ttiler^heis^to time House or Houses, Outhouse or Outhouics, Warehouses, Shops, Cellars, Rooms, and other Places,

iiVuc his Warrant belonging to, or hiieJ, employed, or made use of by, such Retailer or Seller who shall be lospecded to con-fur f-.archin,: f r ceal or have in his, her, or their Possession or Custody any Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, or Silk Gloves, not and seizing tac being made or manufactured within Great Britain; and if any such Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, or Silk Gloves, not being made or manufactured within Great Britain, shall be found, to seize and carry away the same, for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, and to dispose thereof as is herein before directed.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced

fame.

[General Issue.]

against any Persons or Persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence,

[Treble Costs.]

Def<-r.Junt al-

JVt u;e of such floods, Proof to lie on the Defendant.

S.iiwi,

is cbf: b?rr fio.r. U V tits,

A-

at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done by the Authority of this Act; and if it (h ill appear to have been so done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or difeentinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover 'Preble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as Defendants have in other Cases by Law.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every such Action, it shall and may be lawful

Jo*rd torr/Mo- f)r tge Defendant or Defendants, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall be depending, at any nc-y miu court. 'j*lire before Issue joined, to pay into Ccuit such Sum of Money as he or they fh ill fee ht, as Amends for the Mutter or cause complained of in such Action; whereupon such Proceedings Ciders, and Judgements, (Ml! and may be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

If any Doubt n-

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, tlfe with r«ffj.e£t or Silk Gloves, shall be seized by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, and any Doubt or Question ihftl to the Pl.ce of afterwards arise where the same were manufactured, the Proof shall lie upon the Person or Persons in whole Custody or Possession the same wrere found, and not upon the Prosecutor or Prolocutors, Pluimii: or Plaintiffs; and in case no Proof shall be given that such Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, or Silk Glove?, were manufactured within Great Britain, then the same shall, without any further Proceeding, be taken anl heid to have been manufactured out of Great Britain, and contrary to, and in Violation of, this Act; ai.y Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

Person in whose

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons in whose Custody or Cuddy bich^ Poll e hi on any such Silk Stockings, Silk xVIitts, or Silk Gloves, shall be seized, by virtue and in ptufuanee

Gc os fad be Q[ t|r;s such Person or Persons not importing or concealing the same, shall uncover, upon Oath, heave tciind, rut im. any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, the Person or Persons who fold such Silk Stockings, Side Emr Mitts, or Silk Gloves, to such Person or Persons, in whole Custody or Possession the same fit nil be seized, fijirg the so as that such Person or Persons, so felling the same, shall or may be prosecuted aiul convicted according to the Intent of this Act, as the Seller thereof, in case the lame (halt b, or be taken and held to be, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, manufactured out of Great Britain; such Person or Persons so discovering as afurdaid, shall be, and is and are hereby freed and discharged of and from a 1 and tvery the Pen fities and Forfeitures by this Act inlbded upon all and every Ferfun and Persons being a Veneer or Venders, Retailer or Retailers, having in his, her, or their Custody or Possession any such Silk Stockings Silk Mitts, or Silk Gloves, not made or manufactured in Great Britain \ and oi and from any Proof tact the lame, ib seized as aforesaid, were manufactured in Great Britain.

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. - C. 4S. 131

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all pccuni.vy Penalties and Forfeitures an<*

determined by this Act impos'd. In. 11 an 1 may be filed for and recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at

ff. ':*r:>!/!iry or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, ri spectively, by Action, Hill, Plaint, or Informa- Venaircs and tu n, in the Name of his Mujcfiy’s Attorney General, or in the Name of his Majesty's Advocate in Scot- Foiftiurci.

/, or in the Name or Names or lbmc Officer or OHicers of the Customs; and that one Moiety of every f ;v h Penalty and Forfeiture shall be to his Alajcffy, his Heiis and Successors; and the other Moiety thereof to the Officer or ()lficers of the Culb.ms who shall inform and prosecute for the same

X. Provide! also, and be it further enacted by the Authority afore ibid, That nothing in this A cl con- Wca’rr offy-h tstru’d thai! extend, or be in any wile cor. ff rued to extend, to subject any Person or Persons who f! 1 ai 1 wear J1* "n|.

or make use of such Silk Stockings, Silk Alius, or Silk Glove* as aforesaid, as Part of his, her, or their Ylqt.1-C or Venal-Apparel or Dress only, to any Forfeiture, or to any pecuniary Penalty or Penalties infiicled by this Aii, or ty.

Xo »rv Proof that the same were manufactured with n Great Britain.

XI. An i wherens by an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for cx- Pml-Ics Jnfiifl- r?ain:ng, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Pcign of At\ 19 4 K rc Henry the Seventh, intituled, S:i.< [forks, certain Penalties are thereby inflicted upon any Person or ^J;c' 2ff*u 4 Pci tuns wnu fhnM impoit, bring, or convey, or cause to be imported, brought, or conveyed, into this on Kingdom, any Ribbands, Paces’, or Girdles, not made and manufactured in Great Br itain, whether the poking i<it>

f-mc be wrought (if Silk alone, or wrought of Silk mixed with any other Ma'eiiaU; or who shall be Lary*. or aving, abetting, or addling, in the bringing and conveying, or importing into this Kingdom, any such G.,rdI^> oss

Ribbands, Laco, or Girdles, as a fore said; and also upon every Per foil and Persons being a VenJcr or an^up >n*

Venders* Retukr or Retailers, of any Kind of Ribbands, Luces, or Girdles, respectively, in whole the AiJmtherc- Cu doily or PolLinon any such Ribbands, Laces, or Girdles, or any of them, shall be found; or w ho in, and the shall fell, or ex pole to Sale, any fuel) Ribbands, Laces, or Girdles, as aforesaid; or who shall conceal any Vender?, or Con. 4 such Ribbands, Laces, or Girdles, with intent to prevent the Forfeiture or Seizure of the fume; which C^mcdTn^i>

Penalties, by reason of the Smallness thereof, have been found inefficient to answer the good Intention of ficicnr. 10 u "

the lb d AutPe it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Per- and Persons for son*, v. ho fh*Il be guilty of any of the Offences aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the the future ?u \:y Sum of two hundred Pounds, together with Cods of Suit; and shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of thei-td any of i.is Majesty's Courts of Record at U'ejbnlnfter, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh respect

t.vciv, by Action, Hill, Plaint, or Information, in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General, or in the CofliofSuit* Name of h:s Maidly’s Advocate in Scotland, or in the Name or Names of some Officer or Officers of the One Moiety to Customs; and that one MoEty of every fuel) Penalty and Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs tl,e Kini?»an<* i id ^cuffLrs; and the other Moiety thereof to the Officer or Officers who shall inform and prosecute for lhe

the fa me

XII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this but the Wearer Act contained shill extend, or be in any wise construed to extend, to subject any Person or Persons what- is not tote fub-so.ver, who shall wear or make use of such Ribbands, Laces, or Girdles, as aforesaid, as Part of his, her, prt to any For. r>r :h. ir Apparel or Dress only, to any Forfeiture, or to any pecuniary Penalty or Penalties infiicled by the rc, ture°tFc-f-.J recited Act, or this Act; or to any Proof that such Ribbands, Laces, or Girdles, wete manufactured ai ty* in CBritain.

XIII. And whereas in and by the said recited Act it is enacted, That all and every such Ribbands,

Frees, and Girdles, after Condemnation thereof, shall, by Order of the Court, Judge or Judges, or Juf- Pices, where or before whom fuel) Condemnation shall be had, be publickly burnt and entirely destroy- ed: And whereas the Intention of the Lid Act might be more effectually answered, if such Ribbands,

Lares, and Girdles, were fold and disposed of in Manner herein after mentioned, instead of being burnt and 4 iKfiroyed as aforesaid lie it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Ribbands, Such Rihhanrfi, Lmci, and Girdles, shall be only feizcJ and secured, in pursuance of the Powers granted by the said Ae% LJcej, and Gir-ty some Ofiicrr or Officers of his Majesty's Customs, and shall, after Condemnation thereof in due Course bfinV^irnt, pur« f I>a-w, be publickly fold for ti)c belt Advantage for Exportation, by the Candle; and one Moiety of the fluni to the re-Pro ti e or Money arising by the bale of such Ribbands, Laces, and Girdles, shall be paid to the Use of cited Aei, are to the King’s M-jilty, his Hcii» and Successors, and the other Moiety therejf to the Use of such Officer or I*publickly fold, ( fi of the Customs who shall seize and secure the same as aforesaid; and no such Ribbands, Laces, or G u!e', shall be consumed or 11 led in this Kingdom, but shall be exported again to some Pott or Place, ctported to ne t being any Part of his Majesty's Dominions, and shall not be fold, otherwise than on Condition to be t<rc,:n. exp orted as aforesaid; and fuel) Ribbands, Laces, and Girdles, shall not be delivered out of the Ware-h jjie w herein the same shall have been secured, until sufficient b’ecflrity be first giv^ n to the King’s Majesty, r* s Heirs and >ucceflors, (which the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs are hereby impowcied and for whica Sccu* r.; a.rr d to tuke; that the fan'.c, and e\cry Part thereof, shall be exported as aforesaid, and not landed again *»ty to be in any Pirf of his Majesty's Dominions; which said Securities shall be discharged without bee or Reward, an*r^" Certiorate returned under the Common Seal of the Chief Magistrate in any Place or Places beyond tK c an 1 out of his Majesty's Dominions, or under the Hands and Seals of two known Lnyhjh AKr- in;ti vtn.f, ac-

i. 1 *,:> of 1 o> h Place, that the Gerais were there landed, or upon Proof by credible Periluis that fin h Goods n !», < r .'.c'e t-ken by Knimivs, or perished in the Seas, the Examination and Proof thereof bcii g left to tire I',nt r, J p J j " ? *ment of the f.ii Commissioners; which C^ummissioners are hereby impowered, Horn time to time, i j c^II upon the Person or Persons who have entered into such Security to produce such Certificate or Proof

i/OfCla;d. io lhe

4

132 C. 49. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

Officer iKgieft*

XIV. Provided always, and It is hereby further enacted, That if any Officer or Officers of the Customs in* for one fti a 11 negleift or refuse, for the Space of one Month after such Condemnation as aforesaid, to pr fecute to

Condemnation any Person or Persons for any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture by this Act inflicted upon Offenders

to iue for the against the same; that then it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever, to sue for, prosecute, Pma r cf, «ny and recover the respective pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted, in like Manner as is other Person may herein before directed with regard to the Officers of the Customs 5 and one Moiety of the said pecuniary sue for, and te- Forfeitures, when recovered, shall, in such Case, go and be applied to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs cover the Ume, anj Successors, and the other Moiety to the Person or Persons who shall sue or prosecute for the same respectively.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to prevent the Inconveniencies arising from the present Method of issuing Notes and Bills by the Banks, Banking Companies, and Bankers, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS a Praft ice has prevailed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, of issuing Notes, commonly called Bank Notes, for Sums of Money payable to the Bearer on Demand, or in the Option of the Jfluer or Granter, payable at the End of six Months, with a Sum equal to the legal Interest, from the Demand to that Time: And whereas Notes, with such Option as aforesaid, have been and are circulated in that Part of the United Kingdom to a jjreat Extent, and do pass, from Hand to Hand, from and after 6 as Specie, whereby great Inconveniencies have arisenr* for Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty 15 May, 1766, that jt may * enacted j and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad-ffTuedIn Scot* v*ce an(* Consent of Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament alYem-hnd, and circu- bled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fifteenth Day of May, one thousand seven la ted as specif, hundred and Jixtv-fix, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever, Bodies Politick or Cor-but what fluli porate, to issue or give, or cause to be issued or given, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, any be payable on Note, Ticket, Token, or other Writing, for Money, of the Nature of a Bank Note, circulated, or to be an^Notes issued circulated as Specie, but such as shall be payable, on Demand, in lawful Money of Great Britain, and and circulated as* without reserving any Power, or Option of delaying Payment thereof for any Time or Term whatso-Specie, previous ever; and that from and after the said fifteenth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, all to the said Dav, Notes, Tickets, Tokens, or other Writings, for Money, of the Nature of a Bank Note, issued previous on*Dcmd*!»ot to {^c I^ay? anc* circiJlated as Specie in that Part of the United Kingdom, shall, and they are hereby whhftTndinjtTny declared and adjudged to be payable, on Demand, in lawful Money aforesaid; any Option, Condition, or opt onal clause other Clause therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

to the contrary 5

Port Sills, pay. IT. Provided always, That nothing contained in this Act shall prevent any Person or Persons, Bodies able at Seven Poliiick or Corporate, from issuing Post Bills, payable seven Days after Sight* in the same Manner as e*centedht* they are at Pre^cnt HlYied by the Bank of England.

and^'rfonsaa-

III. And be further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons whatso-iag contrary ever. Bodies Politick or Corporate, and the legal Administrators of such Person or Persons, Bodies Poli-hereto, for/cit tick or Corporate, who shall, after the said fifteenth Day of Muy, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-sool.j fix, issue, or cause to be issued, any Note, Ticket, Token, or other Writing, for Money, of the Nature

of a Bank Note, circulated, or to be circulated, as Specie, contfary to the Directions of this Act before mentioned, and to the-true Meaning and Intent thereof, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the Person or Persons who shall inform and prosecute for the same, five hundred Pounds Sterling, with full with full Costs of Costs of Suit; to be sued for and recovered, by way of Complaint, before the Court of Session, upon fif-Sult# teen Days Notice to the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, complained of; which Complaint

the said Court of Session is hereby authorised and required summarily to determine, without abiding the Course of any Roll.

IV. And for rendering the Payment of all Notes, Accepted Bills, Post Bills, Tickets, Tokens, or other Writings, for Money, of the Nature of a Bank or Bankers Note, circulated, or to b circulated, as Specie, Sowmiary Fxe- in that Part of the united Kingdom, more effectual, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That citio,) may pro- from aruj after the passing of this Act, summary Execution shall proceed upon every such Note, Accepted

such Notr^In^ Bill, Bill, Ticket, Token, or other Writing, at the Instance of the Holder thereof, against the

r k. to enforce Person or Persons, Bo lies Politick or Corporate, and the legal Administrators of such Person or Persons Pavmert f the liable in Payment of the same, not only for the Sum or Sums therein contained, but also for the Interest Principal «ad thereof from the Time of demanding Payment; and that a Protest, taken at the Office of the Person or Method of pro Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, liable in Payment of the same, between the Hours of Nine in the trains where Morning and Three in the Afternoon, for not Payment, or for not marking of any such Note, Accepted Payrrent is de*- Bill, Post Bill, Ticket, Token, or other Writing, shall be registerable in the Courts of Session, or other

mied, See. competent Judicatories, at any Time within six Months after the Date of such Protest; that Letters of

Horning, upon a Charge of six Days, and the other usual Execution of the Law of Scotland, may pass thereupon, in the same Manner as is competent by the Law of Scotland, upon Protests of Bills of Exchange and Inland Bills duly registered.

KoSorprnfionto y. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Suspension or Lift of such Charge, f* ut upon a of Execution, shall pass, but upon a Discharge by the Holder of the Note or Notes, Accepted Bills,

w

C.

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 50. 133

or Pod Bills, so protestrtf; or upon an Offer or Tender made to him or her, in the Form of an Instru-Discharge of the meat, duly signed by a Notary Publick and two Witnesses* of the full Contents of such Note or Notes, or ^ei^er Bill or Bills, with the legal Interest thereof from the Date of the Prated, and also of the Expences of the J^lth 1 Protest, Registration, and such Diligence as shall have followed thereupon, to be certified by an Account overcharge in under the Hand of the Holder of such Note or Notes, Accepted Bills, Poll: Bills, or other Writings, aforesaid, the Account of all in lav/ful Money of Great Britain: Saving and reserving always to the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick Expences may be or Corporate, who shall make such Payment, their Action at Common Law, before any competent Court, fucd r°rat Com-for Repetition of any Overcharge in such Account of Expences, and to the Person or Persons who shall have protested such Note or Notes, his, her, or their Action, before any competent Court, for what fur- Damagesarifing the r Damages he, she, or they, may have incurred by the undue Delay of Payment. from an undue

Delay of Payment of the Note.

VI. And for preventing the unnecessary Expence and Delay of protesting each Note, Accepted Bril, Prote.a may be Post Bill, Ticket, Token, or other Writing aforesaid, separately, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, adc That the Holder of such Notes, Accepted Bills, Post Bills, Tickets, Tokens, or other Writings, after pre- otcs Join fixing to his or her Protest the full Tenor and Contents of any one Note, Accepted Bill, Post Bill, Ticket,

Token, or other Writing aforesaid, issued by the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, against whom such Protest is to be taken, may ancj shall subjoin thereto the Dates and Numbers of all other Notes or Writings aforesaid, of the same Tenor and Contents whereof he or she shall then demand Payment; which Protest, being duly registered, as aforesaid, shall be sufficient Warrant for issuing Letters of Horning, and all other Execution of the Law for Payment of the Contents of the whole Notes, Accepted Bills, Poll Bill?, Tickets, Tokens, or other Writings aforesaid, lo specified in the Protest; any Law, Ul'age, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And whereas a Practice has of late prevailed in that Part of the united Kingdom, of issuing and circulating Notes as Specie, of the Nature of Bank Notes, for small Sums, less than twenty Shillings lawful Money of Great Britain, whereby gicat Inconveniencies have arisen For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of June, one thousand seven from and after hundred and sixty-five, no Note, Accepted Bill, Post Bill, Ticket, Token, or other Writing, circulated, 1 June, 1765, or which may be circulated, as Specie, in the Manner of a Bank or Banker's Note, shall be issued, n° ^otc bc re-issued, or given out, as Specie, by any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, their Servants Iatued or Agents, in that Part of the united Kingdom, for any Sum or Sums of Money leis than twenty Shillings fora less Sum lawful Money of Great Britain; any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding: And that than 20«. Stcr-the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, their Servants or Agents, who shall, after the said first hng,

Day of June^ issue, re-issue, or give out, any Note, Accepted Bill, Post Bill, Ticket, Token, or other on ^hTuli Writing aforesaid, for any Sum less than twenty Shillings, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the tofts oTsuit. Sum of five hundred Pounds Sterling, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform or prosecute for the same; to be sued for and recovered by way of Summary Complaint, before the Court of Session; to be proceeded in, in Manner before directed.

VIII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be interpreted to prevent the Holders of all Holders of fin^l such Noes, Accepted Bills, Post Bills, Tickets, Tokens, or other Writings aforesaid, for Sums less than Nous not pretwenty Shillings, from pa fling the same in Payment until the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred vented hereby and sixty-six, or from demanding Payment thereof from the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corpo-

rate, who issued the same, at any Time. u,°766* or

iron demanding Payment thereof at any Time.

CAP. L.

An Act to enlarge the Powers of, and to render more effectual, the several Acts passed in the second, third, and fourth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for Paving, Cleaning,

Lighting, and otherwise regulating the Squares, Streets, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Parts in the said Acts mentioned; and for extending the Provisions of the said Acts to the Surry Side of Wesimivsler Bridge; and for enlarging the Powers of the said Act with respect to Squares.

WHEREAS an Act was made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, *

An Act for Paving, Cleaning, and Lighting, the Squares, Streets and Lanes, within the City and 3 3 c- *3*

Liberty of Westminster, the Pan foes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George 5, " Geol'x.9*

Bloomsbury, that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew’s Holoorn which lies in the County of Middlesex, the e%

several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which lies in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein, and for other Purs cfes therein mentioned: And whereas an- other Act was made in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said last mentioned Act: And whereas another Act was made in the last Scf- fion of Parliament, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said two last mentioned Acts:

And whereas the Commissioners for putting the Lid tinee several Acts in Execution, have made some further Progress in the Trusts thereby repoled in them, but find that all the said Acts are defective with

5 4 respectc

13+ c 5°-

Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

Where any of

iter Corr paries Pipes flu!l break, and No-t cc be g»ven thereof, by the Cem mil’, oners So, err nor, to the Company’s I avioi, to a hom hr dec 1 1 loch Pipe to beion^r, he is to open the Ground within two Dps; and if the Pipe is found to belong to some other Company, the Supervif ir is to give Notice accordinfi.ly; and such Pa\ ior is to repair the same, and fill in the Ground within six Days, and give immediate Not’ce of having so dune to the Commissioners Contractor or Supervisor.

Th? Pavior in th~ frft Instance is to be fuisfied for his Trouble. Pavior neglect-irp to open the Ground within two Days after Notice, forfeits, for tire fir (I Offence, 20 s. for the second, 40S. and for every ftihircjuent Offence, 3 I. and neplrfling to repair the Pipe*, and fill in tire Ground within frx Days, or to give tot Notice required j forfeit, for the first OftVnce, 20 s. for the fecor d, 40 S. and for «vruy subsequent Offence, 3 1. Co;

respect to some of the Powers thereby given, and that the said several Acbs cannot be effectually put in Execution, so as to answer the good Purposes thereby intended, unkfs iome new Powers nre granted, and the said several Acts in other Respects amended, and made more effectual :* May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice, and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That when an 1 so often, after the passing of this Act, as it shall happen, that any Pipe or Pipes belonging to any of the Water Companies, who furnish the City and Liberty of IVc/hninster, and the Parishes and Peaces comprized within the said former Act, or this Acb, or any or either of them, with Water, break or bur (I in any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places, which shall be bt&un to be paved by virtue of the said former Acts, or of this A<^ or any or either of them, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Supervisor to the said Commissioners for the time being, or any other Person or Persons the said Commissioners, or any thice or more of them, shall appoint for that Purpose, to give in, mediate Notice to the Pavior of the Water Company to whom he apprehends such Pipe or Pipes docs or do or may belong, acquainting him in wlru Square, Street, or Place, such Pipe or Pipes so burn or broke up lay, and requiring him to take up the Pavement, and open the Ground at or near the Place where the Water shall or may issue by reason of such Pipe or Pipes breaking or bursting, within two Days next after Notice given to such Pavior, or left at his late or Usual Place of Abode: And if, upon taking up of the Pavement, and opening the Ground, it shall appear, that the Pipe or Pipes so broke or built do not belong to the Water Company whole Pavior shall have taken up such Pavement, and opened such Ground; that then, and in’such case, the Supervisor to the said Commissioners for the time being, or such other Person or Persons who shall be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners in Manner aforesaid, shall give Notice to the Pavior of that Company to whom it shall appear that the said1 Pipe or Pipes belong; such Notice to be given or left with such Pavior, or at his Jall or usual Place of Abode; and the Pavior of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes shall belong is hereby required to repair the lame, and fill in the Ground within six Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid; and, within twelve Hours after such Pipe shall be repaired, and the Ground filled in, give Notice to the Person or Persons contracting with the said Commissioners to relay the Pavement so broke or taken up for the Reasons aforesaid, or to the Supervisor to the said Commissioners, or such other person or Persons as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners in Manner aforesaid, of such Pipe or Pipes being repaired, and such Ground being filled in, such Notice to be given to such Contractor, Supervisor, or other Person, or left at his or their late or usual Place of Abode: And in case it shall happen that the Pavior who first receives Notice to take up the Pavement and open the Ground for the Purposes aforesaid, shall take up such Pavement and open such Ground, and it shall then be tlifeovered that the Pipe or Pipes which is, are, or shall be burst or broke, doth or do not belong to the Company to whom he is Pavior; that then, and in such Case, the Pavior of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes belong, shall make Satisfaction to the Pavior who so took up such Pavement and opened such Ground for such Work: And in cate the Pavior to whom such Notice shall be so given to take up such Pavement and open such Ground, shall neglect or refuse to do the same within the said two Days after Notice given; he shall, for the first Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings; for the second Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings; and for the third and every other Offence, the Sum of three Pounds; and in case the Pavior of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes so broke or bmlblhall belong, shall neglect or refute to repair and amend such Pipe or Pipes, and fill in the Ground so taken up, for the Space of six Days next after such Notice given, or shall neglect to give Notice to the Person or Persons contracting with the said Commissioners to relay the Pavement so broke or taken up for the Reasons aforesaid, or to the Supervisor to the said Commissioners, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners in Manner aforesaid; such Pavior llnll, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings; for the second Ofter.ce,‘the Sum of forty Shillings; and for the third, and every other Offence, the Sum of three founds: And if the Person or Persons contracting with the said Commissioners to relay such Pavement so broke or taken up for the Reasons aforesaid, shall neglect or refute to relay such Pavement in a good, fufffcienr, and ifffcual Manner, within two Days after such Notice given to him as aforesaid; or it the Supervisor, or other iter son to whom such Notice shall be given, shall neglect to acquaint the Conti actor of such Notice; then, and in every such Ca:e, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings; for the second Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings; and for the third and every other Offence, the Sum of three Pounds.

rnniiilioners Contiuftor not relaying the Pavement within two D.ms, or Superviter not giving him due Notice, forfeit in like Manner.

Paviors appoint- H. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respetetive Paviors now

ed by the Water appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, by the said several and respective Water Companies,’(lull, and

Companies, not hereby required, within the Space of three Days next after the passing of this Act, or within the

iMVing imnifn, j, ’. , , r, r °, v-

lit Notice to the bpace of three D<*ys next alter he shall be appointed Pavior to such Company or Companies, to give Notice

ComniiHioneifl in Writing to the Supervisor for the time being to the said Commissioners, or to such other Person or Per-

Supervisor of forts as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, for that Purpose of his

their Names, t}ie fa;(j pavjor’s Name, Place of Abode, to what Company he is Pavior, and in what District he has the

nd°re^arc ^IIC^ Company or Companies Pipes; and in calc any such Pavior or Paviors shall neglecte or refuse

Lilt;ids for- to give such Notice within the respective Times aforesaid, every such Pavior so offending in either of the said

fty, for the fhft cases, (halfi for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings; for the iccond Offence, the Sum

Of.ence, 205. of forty Shillings; and for the third and every other Offence, the Sum of three Pounds.

for the second,

40s, and for every subsequent Offence, 3l.

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 50; 135

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Sewer or Sewers to be fe* Drain, which is or shall be under the Direction of the Commissioners of Sewers, shall require to be made ^tred *nd. new, repaired, altered, clean fed, or emptied, in any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards,

Alleys, Passages, or Places, which have been or shall be begun to be paved by virtue of this and the said Notice given to three former recited Acts; that then, and in every such Case, the said Commissioners of Sewers shall, within the Commission-six Days after Notice given to or left for their Surveyor for the time being, at his last or usual Place of ers> or their Abode, effectually repair, clean, and empty, such Sewer or Drain, as the Case may require, and in De- fn^t^ltthere fault thereof, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lid Commissioners appointed by the said three me may

former Acts, or this Act, or any three or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors for the time being, be*replied and to cause such Sewer or Drain to be made new, repaired, altered, chanicd, or emptied, as the Case cleank-d by the may require, or so much thereof as shall remain unfin idled; the Charges and Expences whereof shall be paid by the Corn mi Loners for putting the said three former Acts, and this Act, in Execution, who shall Exienct w*-be reimburied tLe fame by the Clerk or Treasurer for the time being to the said Commissioners of Sewers: be pai/by the And in case the said Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners of Sewers shall neglect or refute to pay Treasurer of the-what dial have been so paid and disbursed, within ten Days next after Notice thereof shall be left at the Commissionen Dwelling-house or 1 alb Place of Abode of such Clerk or Treasurer, which Notice shall be in Writing, and °* Scwers* signed by the Clerk to the Commissioners for putting this and the said three recited Acts in Execution, and annexed to the Bill, containing an Account of such Charges and Expences; it shall and may be lawful to or an and for the said last mentioned Commissioners, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or ciufe to be brought, any Action or Actions, in the Name or Names of their Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, against such Clerk or Treasurer of the Commissioners of Sewers for the time being, for the Recovery of such Sum or Sums of Money, as they shall have so expended for the Purposes aforesaid; in which Action or Actions, no Essoin, Protcdion, or Wager of Law", or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any of the Pave- Whrre the

irent or Pavements, in any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages,* or Places, Sc'vfrs bc which shall be begun to be paved by virtue of this, or the said three former Acts, shall be taken up by the an,i

Commissioners of Sewers for the Purpotc of making new, altering, repairing, deanfing, or emptying, any c,caa L

Sewer or sewers. Drain or Drains, under the Direction of the Commissioners of Sewers, the Surveyor for the time being to the said Commissioners of Sewers shall, so loon as such Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Drains,

lEall be made new, altered, repaired, cleansed, or emptied, as the Case may be, give immediate Notice to immediate No-

the Iftrfon or Persons- contracting with the Lid Commissioners, to relay the Pavement so broke or taken tife !here t ,s ta

up for the Reasons aforesaid, or to the Supervifbr to the said Commissioners, or such other Person or Persons ^iVoner*

a^> shall be appointed by the said Commissioners in Manner aforesaid, in order that the Pavement or Pave- p.,vlor or Super-

ntems io taken up may be relaid and replaced under the Direction of the said Commissioners Surveyor or visor, for rcky-

Surveyors, or such other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall ing the Pave-

appoint (or tint Pui pole; and in cate such Surveyor to the Commissioners of Sewers shall make Default nunt

in giving such Notice twelve Hours alter such Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Drains, shall he so made new,

altered, repaired, cleat;fed, or emptied, as the Case may be, the said Cmrveyor to ihc said Commissioners of°n Forfeiture if

Sewers shall forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings.

V. And whereas the Clause in the said recited AcT of the fourth Year of his present Majesty, which relates to the Commissioners of Sewers miking new or additional, or repairing or altering any of file old Grates belonging to the said Commissioners of Sewers, in any eft the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts,

Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places, which had been or should be bt&un to be paved by virtue of that and the two fi rmer Acts, has been found ineffectual; by reason there is no Provision in the said Clmrfe to recover any Money which shall be expended by the Commissioners appointed determined by the Lid Lft recited Act, or the two foimcr Aftts, where the Commissioners of Sewers shall negftet or refute to make- new, repair, alter, or lay down. Grates in the Manner by the Lid Clause directed, and also by Reaibn that the Meet-

the refore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of flewers Audi, and they are C nnriTion-rr hereby required, within the Spice of one Month next after the passing cf thus Act, to appoint some flt of and proper Person to receive all such Notice or Notices which the fai 1 Commidftn of r-(

ings of the said Commissioners of Sewers are frequently intermitted for a coil lid

Time be it

ins, or any three or more "PPl :!lt ' Vcr~

l _. 1 ton to rfrfivs

of them, cr their Surveyor or Surveyors, fhnli have Occasion to lend, from t;me to time, for the making

revv or additiunal, or for repairing or altering any of the old Grates belonging ro ihe L;d Commissioners of on, liy knt then

Sewers in any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, i-Vdaccs, or Pine s, which have from the Co;t>-

bti n or fr ;fll be begun to be paved by virtue of this and the said three burner Acts; and in c de of the Death of such Person, or Removal from his OlRce, to appoint another in IPs Stead at their ft ir after such Death or Removal; and in Default of such Appointment from time to tinm.

U mi lOa-'Ct > u rker

Tec Png next :h :'\zk; f

,; - ci L>. i ju t ot

thur th m tuen r,cS A iiJt.

Notice or Notices fnad be gi e.n to or left for the Clerk or Clerks for the time being to the fled Commit-.n^nr, ft

ft-rftn or Per- r. y '

-ft or refute to ft

mare new, repair, after, and laydown, or cause or procure to be made new, repaired, riiarrft, nrft ! flJ '[ cu’A n, such Grate or Grates as Hi all be specified in such Notice or Notices, for the ft rex: after such No ire or Nonces shall be given or left in Manner aforesaid, it shall to and for the Lid Comrnlfdoneis appointed by the Lid recited Acts, or this AN, or a cr their Surveyor or Surveyors for the time being, to cause such Grate or Grates

lionets of Severs, at his or their usual Office, Dwelling, or Place of Abode; and in case rM for»s to whom such Notice or Notices shall be given or left in Manner aforesaid, (hil: n a

ci -

h k ’

v.ah; and

to be made new, repaired, altered, and laid down, to be so made new', repaired, ftp the Expence whereof- (shall be paid by the Person or Pulons to whom such Notice or Notices fl

e of seven :.'-vs

J r.riv be lawful 1 r.

1 hr e or n loft! be no. a ' 1 laid tore of Vftuy 5.;-*(V-vn;

jftct ncs f ail determined by caav

£ive:i

1 i\

»u>C.

, i

Li

I. r

136 C. 50.

Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

and if not paid in four Days,

may bring an Action for the Money,

The Commissioners may

and Pumps

eie&ed f.ii wa teiing the

SxreeU

fame, and charge given or left as aforesaid: And in case of Nonpayment thereof within four Days next after Notice in the Expence j Writing, to be signed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners for Paving, appointed by the said recited Acts, or this Act, or by Order of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, given or left at the Office, or usual Dwelling, or Place of Abode, of such Clerk or Clerks, Person or Persons; it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners appointed as aforesaid, or any three or more of them, to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions in th ? Name of their Treasurer for the time being, against any Clerk or Clerks, Person or Persons, for the Recovery of the Money so expended determined by the said Commissioners on the Account aforesaid; in which Action or Actions no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That itlhall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to cause to be dug and sunk in such Place or Places in orders Weils to any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, All ys, Passages, or Places, which shall be begun to Places ,n proper be paved by virtue of the said former Acts, and of this Act, or in any Square, Street, Lane, Court, Yard, *ccs' Alley, Passage, or Place, adjoining to such Square, Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Pafluge, or Place,

which shall have so been begun to be paved (provided it does not exceed ten Yards in Distance) as they, or any three or more of them, shall think necessary and convenient, any Well or Wells; and also to erect any Pump or Pumps on or near the same, for the Purpose of watering all or any Part of the several Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places, to be completed by virtue of the said former Acts, and of this Act, or either of them, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any three or more # of them, shall direct.

VII. And whereas several of the Lancs, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, which lead out of or into the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, which have been or may be completed by virtue of the said recited Act, or of this Act, are inhabited by poor Persons, and several of the houses in such Places are frequently let out in Tenements, and the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Places, having no Conveniency to lay or deposit their Dull or Ashcs, the same is often thrown, cast, or laid in the Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, which are not paved, cleansed, and lighted, under the Direction of the said Commissioners, and also in such Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, out of or into which such Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, lead, and which are paved under the Direction of the said Commissioners, to the great Annoyance of the Inhabitants and Passengers tndmayatfo For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and cause a Number for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to cause to be made or eroded in any of the c* Dust Boxes, or Squares, Streets, Lanes, Coirrts, Alleys, Passages, or Places, which shall be begun to be paved by virtue of be^re^edwhere former Acts, or of this Act, or either of them, or in any of the Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys,

necessary, for Passages, and Places, which are not paved, cleansed, and lighted, under the Direction of the said Com-depositing Dust missioners, as they the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall think necessary and con-and Ashes, till venient, such a Number of moveable or fixed Dufl Boxes, Dufl Holes, or other Conveniences, wherein ScTv7ngcry be an^ Ashes may be deposited, until the respective Scavenger or Scavengers shall take and clear away

powers, &c.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Aa$h\miThi» F)ircdions, Provisions, Regulations, Clauses, Matters, and Things whatsoever, contained in the said Act^extrndedVo rec, te(^ fofmer Acts, and this Act, or either of them, shall extend to that Part of the Road adjoining to the the Surry s,de Abutments of Westminster Bridge, on the Surry Side thereof, which now is paved with Stone of any Sort, of Westminster as effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the respective Powers, Authorities, Directions, Provisions, Bridge § Regulations, Clauses, Matters, and Things, in the said Acts, or either of them, contained, were herein repeated and specially enacted. but so as not to

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in the said former Interfere with Acts, or in this Act, contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend to Westminster Bridge, or the veftciUn the WCrS Abutments fhereof, or in any Manner to affect, alter, or repeal, any of the Powers, Authorities, Trusts, Commissioners Fflates, or Interests, given to, or vested in, the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, for the said from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, in or by virtue of any Acts or Bridge. Act of Parliament.

4 X. And whereas it frequently happens, by reason that the Commissioners do not at present pave, cleanse, or light, any Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places, where the Scavengers cannot come with their Carts, which lead out of, into, or immediately communicate with the several Streets and Places which have been hitherto paved, cleansed, and lighted, by and under the Direction of the said Commissioners, great Inconveniences have arisen to the several Inhabitants of the said Places which are not paved, lighted, and cleansed, under the Direction of the said Commissioners, by the Parish Scaven- ger frequently neglecting to come into those Places to take away the Dufl, Ashes and other Filth, from R 4 their respective Houses, and to clean such Places;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

by^VcoVmif- ^at ^rorn a^ter P' ^ng of tl is Ad, one or more Rate or Rates, Afliflrnent or Assessments, shall, floners upon the tw, ce in every Year, or oftener, if it shall bethought needful by the said Commissioners, or any five or Land?, Houses, more of them, be made, laid, and assessed, by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, upon and other /cne-all and every the Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, within such an^Pa/V ^?U,l£ Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places, as aforesaid, in such competent Sum or Sums of Money as the vhcrc^Scavcn* Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall yearly and every Year order and direct, so as such gen cannot Rates or Assessments do not exceed in the whole the Sum of thtee Pence in the Pound in any one Year of

come with their the yearly Rent of such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, as the Cam, so as not fame shall have been ascertained and rated towards the Relief of the Poor in such Parish or Place respectively,

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 50; 137

tj?cly, for each preceding Year, in order to defray the Expence of carrying away such Dust, Allies, and to exceed 3 «f. m other Filthy and cleansing such Places; which Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall be paid Quarterly, by such Person and Persons, and in such Proportion, Manner and Form, as the Rates towards ^he^or Rttc the Relief of the Poor are now paid; and with such Powers and Authorities as are directed by the said in order tode- several recited A fts for Recovery of the Rates and Assessments to be levied and raised for paving, cleansing, foy the Expence And lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, comprized in of removing the the said recited Acts, and this Act, or any or either of them; and the Person or Persons paying such Rate a"d clean-or Rates, shall be and are hereby discharged from the Payment of the Parochial Scavengers Rates; any the Rates t^be* Thing in this or any former Act to the contrary notwithstanding. plid Quarterly

ftf the Poor Rates; tad the Persons paying the lame are discharged from the Parochial Scavenger! jiUte.

XT. And whereas several Houses and other Buildings arevefy frequently erected, and so far finished

as to have the Roofs covered in, and others so much further finished as to be fit for Tenants to dwell therein; but for want of being let or tenacted, through the Negligence of the Owners, and for other causes, are not rated to the Poor, and therefore cannot be charged with any Rate or A(leAment by virtue of any of the said recited Acts be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That until such Houses, Commirttcncri or other Buildings, shall be rated to the Poor, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commission-*impow«nrd to cn, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby required, when and at such Time and Times as aifcuiiewBuiM* the Rates and Assessments hereby, and in the said recited Acts, or either of them, are directed to be nn^d th? lade, to rate and assess all such Houses and other Buildings, situate, standing, lying, and being, untcn‘4med, not within the said Parishes and Places comprised within the said recited Acts, or this Act, or either of them, exceeding 6d. which are or shall be erected and covered in, or are fit to be inhabited, at a Rate not exceeding six Pence r*r v*id of the for every square Yard of Land or Ground belonging to the Fronts or Sides of such House, or other From* Bidding, to be laid, received, recovered, and applied, in such Manner as other Rates and Assessments ire directed to be laid, received, recovered, and applied, by the said former Acts, or this Act, or either of them.

XII. And whereas the Clause in the said first recited Act, which relates to the inflicting Penalties on € Persons who shall let out, lay, drive, or carry, or cause or procure, permit or suffer, to be set out, laid,

drove, or carried, any Coach, Cart, Dray, Waggon, or other Carriage, Wheels, Timber, Stones, or

any other Material, Matter, or Thing, which may occasion any Annoyance, Nuisance, or Obstruction

whatsoever, and also suffering any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, to remain longer than is needful

and proper for the loading or unloading thereof respectively, has been found ineffectual Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be law- AHObflrufllor* ful to and for the Person already appointed by the said Commissioners, or for any other Person or Persons and Nuis-inccsm hereafter to be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to supervise and inspect the= Sl£ct*»arid Kuifances, Obstructions, and other Annoyances, found in any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, removed*’* Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places, which have been or shall be begun to be paved by virtue of this and within six Hours the said three former Acts, to give Notice to the Person or Persons who shall set out, lay, drive, or carry, after Notice or cause or procure, permit or suffer, to be set out, laid, drove, or carried, any Coach, Cart, Dray, Wag- given b> the gon, or other Carriage, Wheels, Timber, Stones, or any other Material, Matter, or Thing, which may Commuitone* occasion any Annoyance, Nuisance, or Obstruction whatsoever, in any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, uPtmlwr* Courts, Yards, Alleys, raflages, or Places, which have been or shall be begun to be paved by virtue of this and the said three former Acts, to remove the same within the Space of six Hours next after such Notice given 5 and in case the Person or Persons who shall so set out, lay, drive, or carry the same, or on Forfeiture, cause the same to be so set our, laid, drove, or carried, shall not remove, or cause the same to be removed, for the fi»:i uf-within the Space of six Hours, every such Person and Persons so offending shall, for the first Offence, for- fcrcr» ot 13 feit the Sum of ten Shillings; for the second Offence, the Sum of twenty Shillings 5 and for the third and ‘^n°dn^ every other Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings. every febiequent

XIII. And whereas the Terraffcs and Steps on the West Side of Saint James'1 Street^ are very incom- Ofiente, 40 s.

modious and inconvenient to Foot Passengers and Sedan Chairs, and Accidents frequently happen theie-

by: And whereas the Porch fixed or adjoining to a certain House on the East Side of the said Street, xhr Commis.

and commonly called or known by the Name of Arthur's Chocolate House, breaks in upon the Foot ficner*arr itw Pavement: And whereas the Shops or Sheds built against and adjoining to the South Side of Exeter oouvr^.Mipm

Xi% L. r - 1 1 I r I. I 1. 1 / 1 I _ _ _ .1 O _ _ C mak in

Exchange in the Strand; and also the Porch belonging to the said Exchange on the South >ide thereof,

cause that Part of tho Strand to be very narrow and incommodious to Passengers, both in Carriages and

on Foot:* Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Payment of such Sum or move (Hl-1 tr-Sums of Money as shall be agreed to be paid for the Premisses above mentioned, or such Part or P irts raiK- -ndSi-p thereof as shall be thought necessary by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to be pulled Wh* 1,1 d rwn, removed, and taken away, for the Purpose of making the said Streets and Places more safe and commodious to the Publick; or if no Agreement or Contract shall be made, then upon making Sat if- "u-

*, to the Owner or ( Kvners of, and Person or Persons interested c, ja:t h«m:o, awful to and for the said Commissioners, or any live or nvre of inu'cs.c<!i 3 to be taken down, the said Terraffcs and Steps, and to fill up *r uher Buildings, under the same; and also to take down and rc- c]*'kc. *’ s, an 1 Fences, belonging thereto, in Saint yams's Street afore-

faction, in Manner herein after mentioned, to the Owner or Owners of, and Person or Persons interested c, jaTl m-mu-in, such PremilTes, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Ibid.Commissioners, or any live or m>re ofanit* 1

them, tO take down. Or Cause or procure to ilnurn. tfip f:iid TVrn(u-s- and Sfri»«- and m fill nn

and d fcontinue the Cellars, Vaults, and othe move the said Porch, and the Rails, Steps,

fa id; 2nd likewise the said Shops or Sheds built against or adjoining to the South Side ot Exeter F :ch mge aforesaid, and the Porch erected against or adjoining to the said Exchange on the South Side thereof, or jnv Part or Pans of such Piejnifks respectively, as shall be neccilUry for the Purposes alurciaid; and cause VuI., X, T the

138 C. 5c.

Anno quinto Georgii III.

and to f;ll the Materials 1

And if the Par* ties interfiled shall retufe to treat for the Sale of the PrernilfeSj after Notice given,

or shall not agree about the Price, the Commi ffionsrs may cause the Value and Damages to be inquired into, and aifelfed by a

and may examine upon Oath such Witnesses as shall be necessary touching the PiemiireSj and order the Jury to view the Places in question, Sec. Commissioners to adjudge the Muncy alll’fied to be paid to the Parties mte-refte ); and such Verdict and Adjudication is to be final and conclusive j

and the Parties thereupon to be divrlied of the Pxcnull'cs.

ConrmiiflSoners

to illhe their "Warrants to the Hieh llail iff or Sheriff, for summoning and returning such Jury, who are to lVmmon and return such jury accordingly > and or ’.vant of a Aifficien: Number appearing, unypf the Sund-ers-by may be returned.

Jury may be challenged.

Commissioners impowered to lioe t ie High P.ulilf and 5he-r:if, or their Deputies, making IVf.iult in the VreiniiTes j

A.D. 1765.

the Materials thereof to be removed and taken away, or fold, and the Money arising from such Sale to become the Property of the Commissioners, and to be disposed of for the before-mentioned Purposes: And this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify the said Commissioners, and all Persons authorised by them, against; the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or any of the said Owners or Occupiers, as if the same had been sold by Deed of Feoffment, Bargain and Sale, or other Assurance in the Law, or by Fine and Recovery, or by any other Conveyance whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Body Politick, Corporate, or; Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, Femes-covert, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, in any wise.* interested in any of the said Premisses, upon ten Days Notice to them given, or left in Writing at the House or Houses, Place or Places of Abode, of such Person or Persons, or of the Treasurer, Secretary, Clerk, or other Officer officiating as Secretary, Clerk, or Treasurer, of such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or Aggregate or Sole, or at the House, Shop, Shed, or other Place, of the Tenant in Possession of such Premisses, shall neglect of refuse to treat, or shall not agree for the Sale of any such Pre-tniffes, or any Part or Parts thereof, or for their Interest therein; then, and in every such Case, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall cause the Value of the Premisses to be inquired into and ascertained, by and upon the Oath of a Jury of twelve indifferent Men of the City and Liberty of Westminster% or County of Middlesex, as the Case shall require (which Oath the said Commissioners, or anyv five or more of them, are hereby impowered and required to administer) what Damages will be sustained. by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to, such Owners, Occupiers, or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons interested in the Premisses before mentioned, or any Part or Parts thereof, which the said Commissioners shall want to remove, pull down, or take away, for their respective Interests therein and in order thereunto, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered and required, from time to time, as there shall be occasion, to summon and call before the said Jury, and examine upon Oath all Persons whatsoever, who shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined as.' Witnesses touching or concerning the Premisses; which Oath the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby impowered and required to administer; and if any of the Parties interested shall' request the same, or the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think it necessary, shall, also cause the said Jury to view the Place or Places in question, and shall use all other lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury’s better Information in the Premisses, in such Manner as they the said Commissioners, or any five of them, shall think fit; and after the said Jury shall have so inquired of, ascertained, and settled, such Damage and Recompence, they the said Commissioners or any five or more of them, shall thereupon order and adjudge the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury for such Premisses as aforesaid, to be paid to the Persons interested in the said Premisses, or any Part or Parts thereof, according to the Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury; which said Verdict and Inquisition, and the Order and Adjudication so had and made, shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties or Persons whatsoever, claiming in Possession, Reversion* Remainder, or otherwise, their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, and Successors respectively, as well absent as. present. Infants, Femes-covert, Lunaticks, Idiots, and Persons under any other Disability whatsoever*. Bodies Politick, Corporate, cr Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Person or Persons whomsoever; and all and every such Owners, Occupiers, and Proprietors, and all and every Person and Persons-in any wise interested in the Premisses, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall thereby be, from and after the Money so assessed and adjudged as aforesaid shall be paid, tendered, or left, as herein after directed, to all Intents and Purposes, diverted of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, or Property, of, in, to,*or out of the same.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the summoning and returning of such Jury or Juries, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered, fronv time to time, to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the High Bailiff of Westminster, or to the Sheriff of the said County, thereby requiring him or them to impanel, summon, and return, an indifferent Jury of twenty-four Persons to appear before the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at such Tima and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed, of which Time and Place all Parties interested shall have ten Days Notice given or left in Manner heiein last before mentioned; and the said High Bailiff on Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impanel, summon, and return, ,such twenty-four Persons accordingly, and out of the Persons so impanelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear according to or upon such Summons, the said Commissioners, or any fiye or more of them, shall cause to bt sworn twelve, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and for Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said High Bailiff or sheriff, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, shall return so many of the Standers-by as shall be necessary to make up the Number of twelve to serve on such Jury.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons concerned shall, from time to time, have their lawful Challenges (but not to challenge the Array of the Pannel) against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn; and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, acting in the Premisses, shall have Power, from time to time, to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such I!:gh Bailiff or Sheriff, his or their Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs, or Agents, making Default in the Premisses, and on any of the Persons that shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and shall not appear or refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or to give their Verdict, or ia any Manner wilfully neglecting their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act and on any of the Persons who, being required to give Evidence touching the Premisses, shall refuse tQ

A.D. 17^5*

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 5c. 139

be examined or to give Evidence; and from time to time to levy such Fine or Fines, in such Manner as *s r.hc

any Penalties in the said recited Afis are directed to be levied and received, so as that no such Fine shall J^easnnof^jn exceed the Sum of ten Pounds upon any one Person for any one Offence. th, ir j}utVt 8

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case such Person or Persons, to Where ihl Par-whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so assessed or due as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if, by tics interestrd rcafori of Disputes depending in any Co.urt of Law or Equity, or for Default of Evidence, or otherwise, cannot be found, it shall not appear to the said Commissioners what Person or Persons is or are intitled, or if any Mortgagee £edfuP-nJw.g m or Mortgagees shall refuse to take in his, her, or their Mortgage Money due on the Premisses after Notice thL. couits, &c. given him, her, or them for that Purpose; then, and in all and every such Case or cases, it shall and may the Sums akir-be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to order the Sum or Sums so &c. forth* assessed and awarded as aforesaid, or as shall be due on such Mortgage, to be paid into the Bank of England -^ihe

in the Name of the Treasurer of the said Commissioners for the time being, and of any three or more of "hleie

the said Commissioners for the Use of the Parties interested in the said Premisses, to be paid to them, and use oVthe said every of them, according to their respective Estates and Interests in the said PiemifTes, as the said Com- Parties, missioners, or any five or more of them, shall, by any Order to be made by them, direct.

XVIII. And whereas frequent Applications have been made to the Commissioners by the Inhabitants of particular Squares, Streets, and Places, requesting them to new pave such Squares, Streets, and Places,

and take them under the Direction of the said Commissioners $ and offering to lend Money at Interest upon the Rites of such Squares, Streets, and Places: And whereas it is apprehended, that if the In- habitants of particular Squares, Streets, and Places, or others, would raise among themselves such competent Sum and Sums of Money as would be sufficient to new pave such particular Square, Street,

and Place, or Streets and Places, it would be a Means of greatly forwarding the several Works under the Direction of the said Commissioners ;* be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Inhabitants of any particular Square, Street, or Place, where the? In-within the Liberty, Parishes, and Places, comprised in the said former Acts, or this Act, or any or cither habitant*, of them, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, to raise from time to time such competent Sum or asnyupart, cu‘ Sums of Money as shall be sufficient to new pave such particular Square, Street, or Place, so as three- strccUhaH rlifo fourths of the Owners and Occupiers of Houses in such particular Square, Street, or Place, shall be wil- a competent ling and consenting to the new paving, and putting the same under the Direction of the Commissioners; Sum for iht new and such Sum and Sums of Money, when so raised, shall be paid to the said Commissioners, or any three Pa'ins thereof, or more of them, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, or to such other Person or Per- *r‘drime* fons as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall direct and appoint; and which Lnder the D Vc-Money, when so paid and received, shall be deposited in the Bank of England, and thence ifilled and ap- tiun of the Complied by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, for new paving such particular Square, missioners, and street, or Place: And it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of P’?,n lhe them, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals, to assign over and convey the Rate or {^i^VheCom-Rates, Assessment or Assessments, of such particular Square, Street, and Place, and as a Security for the miners may" Repayment of the Sums so raised and received for the Purposes aforesaid, with legal or lower Interest for »nign o\er the the same; and also to lay such further Rate as may be necessary for the Purposes of cleansing, lighting, and Rate* as a Secu-keeping in Repair, such particular Square, Street, or Place; and the Treasurer or Treasurers for the time ril* fors^cphay* being to the said Commissioners shall, from time to time, keep the Accounts of Receipts and Disburse- 5* with laments, and other Business and Transactions relating to such particular Square, Street, or Place, separate terest# and distinct from the other Accounts and Transactions of the Commissioners: And if any Sum or Sums Treasurer to of Money shall at any Time remain, over and above what shall be sufficient to new pave such Square, keep a separ»te Street, or Place, and pay the Interest of the Sums raised and received, such Sum or Sums shall be applied an

towards paying off the Sum or Sums of Money so borrowed as aforesaid; and for that Purpose may be placed out at interest on Government Securities, in the Name of any three or more of the Commissioners and other Tr^nffor the time being, at such Times and in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any three or more actions relating of them, shall direct or appoint, till the same shall amount to a competent Sum for paying one or more to lCQh s^aic Creditor or Creditors lending Money on such particular Square, Street, or Place. Morey

to be placed out at Interest, till it amount to a competent Sum for paying one or more Creditors.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this The Inhabitants Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorize or impower the said Commissioners to bc previuupy to new pave any such particular Square, Street, or Place, upon Application to them by the Inhabitants drrto^Vetheir" thereof as aforesaid, unless one Month’s Notice at the leatl of such Application shall be published in the Assemor Difimt London Gazette, requiring the Owners and Occupiers of Houses in such particular Square, Street, or Place, to such Measure. to meet at the Time and Place in such Notice to be mentioned, to signify their A (Tent to, or Diflent from, the new paving such particular Square, Street, or Place, as shall be specified in such Notice; and also unless Notice in Writing shall be left at every House, then occupied in such particular Square, Street, or Place, one Month at the least before the Time of such Meeting; and also unless three-fourths of the Owners and Occupiers of Houses in such particular Square, Street, or Place, shall consent thereto, in Writing under their respective Hands; and in case any Owner or Occupier shall neglect to attend such Person* npfi Meeting, according to such respective Notices, he or she io neglecting, shall be deemed to have given his toaflnt or her Afient to the new paving such particular Square, Street, or Place, as aforesaid. c'mf oa wn

XX. Provided always, That where the Occupier of any House within any such particular Square, Street, 'v^re^h1e or Place as aforesaid, shall have at lead a Term of seven Years uncxpiicd therein at the Time such No- C^l'^v, V - C ticcs shall bc given as aforesaid, or any longer TJVim, that then, and in every such Case, the Assent of the Year?,or n ui?,

140 C. 50. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

une* pi red, his Owner of such House shall not be necessary to be had or obtained for the Purpose aforesaid; and where

ne^r°n,ybut Occupier of any House vaithin any such particular Square, Street, or Place, as aforesaid, shall not have

where he fliiU Term therein, at the Time such Notices shall he given as aforesaid, that then, and in every such

not have such Case, the Person under whom such Occupier holds shall be deemed to be the Owner thereof for the Pur-Term, the Per. poses aforesaid; and every such Person may, as well as the Occupier of such House, attend the Meeting* ^)n uader whom pursuant to such Notices aforesaid, and give his, her, or their, Assent to, or Diflent from, the new paving give hfs*Aflint ^uch Partlcular Square, Street, or Place, as shall be expressed in such Notices respectively.

or Dissent to the new paving.

Fntry to be trade

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Copies of Alignments and Convey-full Aiil^n- ances made in or by virtue of and in pursuance of this Act, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be mems ami Con- kept for that purpose by the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Commissioners; and all and every Person and E3SW ^er^ons to whom any such Alignment or Conveyance shall be made as aforesaid, is and are hereby im-iign'ng and powered, from time to time, by Alignment under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, and to be indoffed oil iramfcinng. the Back of his, her, or their Security, or by any other Writing or Writings, which shall be executed in the Presence of two or more credible Witnesses, to assign over or transfer Ins, her, or their Right to the Alignments to Principal or Interest Money thereby secured to any Person or Persons whomsoever; all which Aingnment* be produced and or Transfers shall be produced and notified to the said Treasurer or Clerk within thirty Days after the 30 Days To^he Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry of such Alignment or Alignments, containing the Date, Name* Treasurer or of Parties, and Sums of Money therein mentioned to be assigned and transferred, in the said Book or clcr!c, ani an Books to be kept for entering the said original Alignments and Conveyances, for which the Treasurer or 1 ntry 10b? made Clerk shall be paid the Sum of two Shillings and six Pence, and no more; and which said Book or Books there J, upon shall and may at all seasonable Times be perused and inspected without Fee or Reward by any Person or BSoksor Entry Persons interested in such Security or Securities, Alignment or Alignments; and after such Entry made, may be inspeacd Alignment and Transfer shall intitle such Assignee, his, her, and their Executors, Ad mini stra tors, gratn; and Af- and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon, and such Afignee may in such manner assign figments may or transfer again, and so toties quoties\ and it shall not be in the Power of any Persons who shall have be ma ie tot.w made such Afignment or Transfer, to make void, relcaie, or discharge the same, or any Monies thereon queues. due.

Thcfe Actsnot to

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in the said former Acts, or this Act, con-extend to pjaccs ta, necU shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Place or Places which are paved, cleansed, and pivrd, cleaned, lighted, under any particular Act or Acts of Parliament.

or lighted, under toy particular Ad.

The Charges of

XXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any defective or bad Pavement shall riming Pave- be mended, altered, or repaired, by the Order or Di rest ion of the said Commissioners, or any three or toTiouresTccu8 more them, by virtue of the rowers given by the Act passed in the third Year of his present Majesty* pied by Ambaf. Reign> and which shall adjoin to, or belong to, any Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, Ldors or Foreign or other Tenements, or any Part or Parts thereof, within the said City and Liberty, Parishes and Places, Ministers, comprised in the said last recited Act, which shall, at any Time from and after the parting this Act, be occupied or held by any Ambassador or Minister from any Foreign Prince or State, or other Person or Persons not liable by Law to pay the Charges and Expences of such amending, altering, or repairing!. to be p>id by that then, and in every such Case, the Charges and Expences thereof shall be paid by the said Commis-t he Commission- sioners, who shall be reimbursed and paid the same by the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, «rs, who are to of such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements respectively; and in he reimbursed by case of Non-payment thereof, within ten Days next after Notice in Writing to be signed by the Clerk toe owners $ to the f^ Commissioners for the time being, by Order of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, and annexed to a Copy of the Bill, containing an Account of the Expence of such Repairs, given or left at the last or most usual Place of Abode of such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, to and they may pay the same; or in case such respective Place of Abode shall not be known, then within ten Days next bring an Action after such Notice in Writing, signed as aforesaid, shall be affixed on^ome conspicuous Part of such Land, iur ihe ume, or ]eft for such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, with any Person or Persons in such House,.

Shop, Warehouse, Cellar, Vault, or other Tenement respectively, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall and may, if they think proper, bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, in the Name of their Treasurer for the time being, against any such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, for such Charges and Expences; in which Action or Actions no ElToin, Protection*, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

Commissioners

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this* ny order Mo- Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to issue

i»ies for the Money, or cause the same to be issued, for Payment of Bills for any Work or Works that has or have

charges of such \^cn ordered to be done and performed by such a Number of Commissioners as is directed by any of the }Wo*k*to be, said former Acts, upon such Work or Works being so done and performed.

TiwT* n8 7

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Nomination, Appointment, Tix-frcc*to Orcler* Contract, Bond, Warrant, Precept, Judgement, Conviction, Assignment, Indorsement, Transfer, a rc* or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of, or only signed by, any

Commissioner or Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seal* of, or only signed by, any other Person or Persons whatsoever, 7 relating

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 50. 141

relating to the Execution of this Act, or the said two last recited Acts, shall be charged or chargeable with tnv Duty whatsoever.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Actions shall be Conrm?ffion*r» brought by Order of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, again# any Person or Persons rrc, Vcr, ng»naiT whatsoever, for the Recovery of any Money or Monies laid out or expended by the said Commissioners, tncjn"°U & by virtue of the said three former Acts, or of this Act; and a Verdict shall be had and given again# such y cm* Person or Persons again# whom such Action or Actions shall be brought 5 such Person or Persons shall are to have pay Double Co#s; and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in fuclt Action or Actions, shall have such Remedy and DoubJeCort«. Remedies for recovering the same, as any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs may have for his, her, or their Costs, in

ftoy other Cases by Law.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person Perr°"s a58rie*

shall think himself aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular j!y< Method of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person may appeal to the Ju#ices of the Peace at any mcr

Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County or Place wherein the Cause of Complaint shall

anse, and within three Months after the Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen; such Appellant fir# giving Notice of giving, or causing to be given, twenty-one Days Notice at the lea# in Writing, of his or her Intention (uc mention* to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners; .

and within two Days after such Notice, entering into Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County or Place, with two {Efficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide the jance.^1*1* OrJer of, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by, the Justices at such Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering Mice* to hear into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a and dctcrm, ne futnmary Way, and award Ouch Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed again#, as they the said Justice6 ^mar fluff! think proper: and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive* u y to all Intents and Purposes.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by Penaitiesmd th is Ad imposed, (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly FoHeituresho^ directed) fluff be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by War- '"iti* rant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or the City app iC and Liberty of llfcjlminster, as the Case maybe, which Warrant such Justice is hereby impowered and

acquired to grant, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of anyone or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered to ad-mmifter) and the Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattles shall be so distrained and fold (the Charges of Inch Distress and Sale being first deduced) shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners for the time being, and be applied towards the Purposes of this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Proceeding to be had touching Proceeding not* the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter or to be quashed so* Thing to be done or transacted in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for want of Form want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any his Majesty's

Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding. y er 10rar,#

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit shall be com* Limitation of mcnced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in nurluance of this Act, until twenty-one Days Notice shall be thereof given in Writing to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, or after fuxficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after six Calendar Months next after the Fadl committed, for which such Action or Actions, buit or Suits, shall be so brought; and all such Actions and Suits shall be laid and tried in the County or Place where such Matters and Things respectively shall be committed or done, and not in any other County or Place; and that the Defendant or Defendants in such Actions and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General General Mb*. Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials which shall he had thereupon; and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought belore twenty-one Days Notice thereof given as afoiefaiJ, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit (h; 11 110c jc c< rnmenced within the Time before for th t Purpose limited, or shall be laid in any oilier County or Pure than as aforesaid; then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein*; su-.J i, Verdict or Verdicts shall he found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or rb-u :r; in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, fljnlh become Nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of: h ction or Actions; or if, upon any Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Actions, JuJgunv*: ,1 given for the Defendant or Defendants therein;

then, and in either or the Cases affreiaiJ, fu. h. ^ai.-nt or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and Treble fhA\ have such Remedy for recording the same, a, ,.:y Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her* mi them Colli, in any other Cases by JLavv.

142 C. 51.

Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

Btt S Geo. 3.

c*j.

FreamMe, reciting A£h 7 Ann*, li Geo. l. c. 24.

7 Geo. s. c. 25.

and 14 Geo. u

c. 35.

The said recited Acts repealed.

Justicei to appoint Searchers and Measurers.

When the

Searchers fn ill measure and feaj,

CAP. LI.

An Act for repealing several Laws relating to the Manufacture of Woollen Cloth in the County of York, and also so much of several other Laws as prescribes particular Standards of Width and Length of such Woollen Cloths; and for substituting other Regulations of the Cloth Trade within the West Riding of the said County, for preventing Frauds in certifying the Contents of the Cloth, and for preserving the Credit of the said Manufacture at the Foreign Market.

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen < Anne, intituled, An Act for the better ascertaining the Lengths and Breadths of the WoolUn Cloth made in the County of York: And whereas another A Cl of Parliament was made and passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better 6 regulating the Manufacture of Cloth in the West Aiding of the County of York: And whereas another Act of Parliament was made and passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George 6 the Second, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Manufacture of Cloth in the West Riding of the County of York: And whereas another Act of Parliament was made and passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for continuing an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, To 4 explain and amend a former Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for the better regulating the Manufacture of Cloth in the West Riding of the County of York, and for making the said Acts more effectual; which said several Acts of Parliament, notwith-4 (landing the many good Provisions and Directions therein contained, have nevertheless been found by Experience not to be effectual for the preventing the Frauds, Abuses, and Deceits, which are frequently used and practised in the Manufacture of Woollen Cloth within the West Riding of the said County of York, particularly in the unreasonable stretching and draining the said Cloths; which ill Practices tend very much to the debasing, undervaluing, and discreditirtg of the said Manufacture, both at Home and rn Foreign Parts beyond the Seas, where great Part thereof hath been usually vended be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said several recited Acts of Parliament of the eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, and of the seventh and fourteenth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and every Clause, Matter, and Thing, therein respectively contained, and so much of act and every other Act or Acts heretofore made, as relate to the ascertaining the Length, Breadth, or Weight, of Woollen Cloths, within the said West Riding of the County of York, shall, from the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and hxty-five, be repealed.

II. And, for preventing Frauds, Deceits, and Abuses, for the future, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace for the said West Riding of the County of York, (not being Dealers in Woollen Cloth, or Occupiers of any Fulling Mill) at their next Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for the said Riding, next after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, or at some Adjournment of the same, and at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden next after Easter yearly, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and required to choose and appoint so many Men, of good Character and Repute, within the said Riding, (being Persons following, or having been brought up in the Manufacture of Woollen Cloth in the said Riding, and being under the Age of sixty Years) as they shall think convenient, to be Searchers and Measurers of Cloth within the said Riding, and to appoint and station such Measurers and Searchers so to be chosen, at such Mills and other Places, and in such Manner as to the said Justices, at their General or Adjoufned Sessions, shall seem meet and convenient; and shall and may assign, allow, and appoint, to the said Searchers and Measurers, so appointed, such yearly Salaries, as the said Justices, at their said General or Adjourned Se flions, or the major Part of them, shall think proper.

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That such of the said Searchers and Measurers as shall be appointed to, or stationed at, any Mill or Mills within the said Riding, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and directed, at their respective Fulling Mills, where they shall respectively be stationed or placed, to measure all th? Cloths, and Ends or Half Cloths, which shall be there milled respectively, at the respective Times, and in Manner herein after-mentioned; that is to say. Such Cloths or Ends as shall he dreamed or washed in the Goit or Mill Stream of the said Mills respectively, shall be measured within fix, and not sooner than four Hours after the same shall be dreamed or washed; and such Cloths or Ends as shall not be so ft earned or washed, shall be me ifured within four Hours after the same shall come out of the Stock; and every such Searcher and Measurer shall affix, or cause to be affixed, on one End of every such Cloth, before it shall be carried from the Mill, a Seal of Lead, to be furnished and provided by the Maker of such Cloth, and shall rivet the Seal, so to be affixed by him on every such Cloth, and damp, in Words and Figures, plainly to be read and distinguished, upon the Seal or Rivet, his Name, and the Length and Breadth of every such Cloth, together with the Number of each of such

Cloths,

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 5*. 143,

Cloths, milled at such Fulling Mill successively, beginning at the Time of his entering to his said Office with Number One, and proceeding progressively, until the twenty-fifth Day of March then next ensuing ,* and on the said twenty-fifth Day of March then next ensuing, and on every succeeding twenty-fifth Day of March, beginning again with the same Number One, and proceeding progressively in Numbers, during the Year then ensuing; and immediately after the said Cloth shall be measured, lealed and stamped as aforesaid, the said Searcher and Measurer, measuring and (tamping the same, shall enter in a Book, to be provided by the Treasurer, and kept by such Searcher or Measurer for that Purpose, the Name and Place of Abode of the Maker of every such Cloth, and the Colour or Sort of such Cloth, together with the Length, Breadth, and Number on the Seat; and shall give, at the lead once in every Month, to the Supervisor within whose District the said Mill shall be situate, an Account of all the Cloths milled, measured, and stamped at such Mill during such Month 5 and the Owner or Maker of such Cloth shall pay to the said Searcher and Meafcirer, for measuring and sealing of such Cloth, the respective Sums following; videlicet y

For the Seal of every Whole or Long Cloth, containing in Length thirty-five Yards or upwards, the whit ftift Sum of six Pence. r*paid

And for every End or Half Cloth, containing less than thirty-five Yards, and more than thirty Yaxch in Length, the Sum of four Pence. t

And for every End or Half Cloth, containing less than thirty Yards in Length, the Sum of three Pence.

Which said Sums shall be accounted for and paid by such Searcher or Measurer, to the Treasurer of the West Riding for the time being, to be applied for such Purposes as are herein after dn*ected.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Searcher or Measurer shall Penalty <m neglect or refuse to measure and (lamp any such Cloth, End or Half Cloth, or to give such monthly4$earcimV Account, or give a false or fraudulent Account of the Cloths by him measured and stamped as aforesaid^ Neglect*. such Searcher or Measurer, being thereof legally convicted orrthe Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, shall, for the first Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings, one Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Treasurer for the said Riding; and for the second Offence shall forfeit or Iofe his Office or Place, and be for ever after rendered incapable of being appointed a Searcher: or Measurer of Woollen Cloth.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Cloth Maker shall take away his Cloth from any such Fulling Maker*nett<r Mill, in case the same hath been streamed or wathed, before the same hath laid six Hours after it hath take cloths fron* been so streamed or washed, or before such Cloth hath lain four Hours after it has come out of the Stock. t. cMi, UbcforC: fin case it-shall not be wasted or streamed) unless such Cloth shall be sooner measured and stamped in Manner herein directed, by the Searcher or Measurer, at the Mill where such Cloths shall respectively be

milled or fulled: And if any Cloth Maker shall take away his Cloth from the Mill before the lame mall

be so measured and stamped, or before the Sum of Money, hereby directed to be paid for the measuring,

sealing, and damping thereof, be duly paid and satisfied, or shall take away his Cloth after Nine of the

Clock in the Evening, or before Five of the Clock in the Morning, unless the same shall be measured and

stamped; every Person so offending in any of the said cases, and being thereof convicted upon the Oath

of such Searcher or Measurer, or of the Inspector or Supervisor herein after directed to be appointed, or

of any other credible Witness, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Riding,.

or any Corporation within the same (such Justice or Justices not being Traders or Dealers in the Woollen

Manufacture, or Farmers or Occupiers of a Fulling Mill) every Person so offending shall, for every such%

Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be levied and recovered in such Manner as is herein after-mentioned, and to be applied and difoofed of in Manner following; that is to say* one Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Treasurer of the West Riding of the:

County of York.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Maker of Cloth, cioUw to be commonly called Broad Cloth, within the said Riding, after every Cloth, End or Half Cloth, shall be fe»Jed before brought from the Fulling Mill, and before the same shall be put upon the Tenter, shall measure the same, they are put and mall affix, or cause to be affixed, on the other End of every such Cloth, one other such Seal of Lead, upon lhcTcA- and shall rivet the same, and (lamp upon such Seal or Rivet, in Figures plainly to be seen and distin-4Crl# guished, the Length and Breadth of every such Cloth.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace for the said Justices to *p* West Riding of the County of York, (not being Dealers in Woollen Cloth, or Occupiers of any Fulling Point inspeaor* Alill) at their Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said Riding next after the twenty-fourth otFuUingMlUi,^> Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, or at some Adjournment of the samev and at-their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden after Easter yearly, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and required to chuse and appoint so many Men, of good Character and Repute, within the said Riding, not exceeding twelve in Number, to be Inspectors of all Cloths, called Broad Wvd.cn Cloths, and the Worldliops, Tenters, Tenter Grounds, and Warehouses of the Merchants or Dreifers where any such Cloths, made and milled within the said Riding, shall be dressed or tentered, and to appoint and station the said Inspectors to inspect and examine such and so many Workshops, Tenter Grounds, Tenters, and Warehouses, and in such Districts, Towns, Parishes, or* Places, and in such

Manner, as to the said Justices, at their General or Adjourned Sessions, or the major Part of them, shall think proper; and also the said Justices at their said Sessions shall and may, and they are hereby directed j

6 tou

J44- C. 51. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

to chuse and appoint such and so many Men of good Repute, within the said Riding, not exceeding four in Number, to be Supervisors of the several Fulling Mills within the said Riding, and of the Conduct: and Behaviour of the several Searchers and Measurers appointed and Rationed at such Mills respectively, and of all Cloths called Broad Woollen Cloths, and the Workshops, Tenters, Tenter Grounds, and Ware-houses, of the Merchants or Dressers where any such Cloths made and milled within the said Riding, shall be milled, dressed, or tentered, and of the Conduct and Behaviour of the several Inspectors so to be chosen and appointed as aforesaid; and to appoint and Ration the said Supervisors respectively in such Districts, Towns, Parishes, or Places, in such Manner as to the said JuRices, at their General or Ad-tre to eon* journed Sessions, or the major Part of them, shall think proper, in order to prevent the false Ramping form to the and undue firetching of Woollen Cloths, and to enforce the due Observation of this Act; and shall and RUjSo lhC,cr maY allow, and appoint, to the said Inspectors, such yearly or other Salaries as the said Justices,

aessionffand to at their Quarter Sessions to be held next after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hun-.^Jcc ui'Oath, dred and nxty-five, or at the said General or Adjourned Sessions to be held yearly after Easter, or the major Part of them, shall think proper 5 provided that no such Salary shall be less than twenty Pounds for dne Year, nor Tess in Proportion for rart of a Year and also shall and may, at the same Times, assign, allow, and appoint, to the said Supervisors, such yearly or other Salaries as they shall think proper and convenient; provided that no such salary shall be less than forty Pounds, and ten Pounds more if their Duty require them to keep a Horse, to one Supervisor for one Year, nor less in Proportion for Part of a Year and all and every such Searcher and Measurer, Inspectors and Supervisors, before he or they shall enter upon the Duty of his or their said Office, shall severally and respectively take the following Oath, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Riding; that is to say.

The Oath* 4 Y B. do swear. That I will well and truly, to the beR of my Skill and Power, execute the Office c JL of a Searcher and Measurer, or an Inspector or Supervisor (as the Case may be) of Woollen Cloth- within the West Riding of the County of York

So help me GOD.

»p«m fore to

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Supervisors so to be chosen ▼ii»t Mills and and appointed shall, and they are hereby required to be daily employed in visiting the several and respective T-e a ter Grounds. Mills, Tenters, Tenter Grounds, Workshops, and Places, within the respective Districts allotted to them as aforesaid, where any such Cloths shall be milled, dressed, or tentered, and shall, out of the Number of Cloths which shall come under their several and respefhve Inspections, measure and mark with a Seal of Lead, whereon shall be impressed or Ramped the Name of such Supervisor, so many of such Cloths as they conveniently can, or their Time will allow, and shall keep a regular and diRin& Account of such Cloths as they shall severally examine* measure, and mark, and shall transmit the same, together with the Accounts by them respectively received from the Searchers and Measurers at the several Mill9 within their respective Districts, to the JuRices of the Peace, at every Quarter Sessions held for the said Riding; and if any of the said Inspectors or Supervisors shall be negligent or remiss in his Duty, or shall transmit a false Account of the Cloths determined by him or them respectively measured and marked as aforesaid, such Inspector or Supervisor shall forfeit and lose his Office.

Howltifpeftors jx. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Inspectors or Supervisors shall find any Cloth or inVciofh fairciy Cloths falkty Ramped by any of the Measurers or Searchers, above two Inches in Breadth, or above one stamped. *1 Yard in Length, such Inspector or Supervisor shall, within seven Days after the same shall be discovered, give Information thereof to one of his Majesty's JuRices of the Peace within the said Riding (not being a Dealer in Woollen Cloth, or Occupier of any Fulling Mill) and on Conviction of such Measurer or Searcher, before any such JuRice of the Peace as aforesaid, such Searcher or Measurer shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of ten Shillings, to be recovered as any other Penalty is hereby directed to be recovered; one Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety %& the Treasurer for the said Riding.

How Inspectors X. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, who Aaii be appoint- shall be so appointed to be a Searcher and Measurer, or an Inspector or Supervisor of Cloth, shall happen to die, during the Year in which he is so appointed, or shall be removed or displaced from his said Office, or shall by Sickness, or any other Accident, be rendered incapable of executing the said Office, that then, and in any of the said cases, it shall and may be lawful for any one of such Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, living near to the Place where such Searcher and Measurer, Inspector or Supervisor, did or shall reside, to appoint some other proper Person, properly qualified, to supply the Place of such Searcher and Measurer, Inspector or Supervisor, until the next Easter Sessions, to be there, by the major Part of such JuRices present, confirmed, or another Person appointed in his Place; or in case of Sickness, or other Accident, during the Sickness or Incapacity of such Searcher and Measurer, Inspector or Supervisor j and the Person so confirmed or appointed shall take the same Oath, and be invested with the same Powers, and liable to the same Penalties for any Breach or Neglect of Duty, as the Searchers and Measurers, Inspectors or Supervisors, respectively elected or to be elected at the Easter Sessions, by virtue of this Act, are or ought to be.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for every ^h-rc Lifpetor or Supervisor, from time to time, as Occasion shall require, in the Day-time, to enter into

suspect arry any Shop or Shops, Out-hnufe or Out-houses, Tenter Grounds or Warehouse, of any Merchant or iinduc rtamped Merchants, DrefTer or Dressers, or any other Dealer in Cloth, or any Fulling Mill, or any Out-house or ltrcched or Out-houses, or other Places belonging thereto respectively, within the said Riding, to search for any

Woollen

«d, in case of Death, &c.

(nfpeftors to

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 51. 145

Woollen Cloth which he shall fufpcd to be falsely or unduly stamped, or be stretched or drained more than is allowed by this Act, or any Alteration made in the Seal or Seals, contrary to the Direction, true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and for the better discovering of such Abuse, to measure, or cause to be measured, any such Cloth; and in case of Refinance or Refusal by any Person, to permit and suffer such Inspector or Supervisor to enter the said Places, or any of them, for the Purposes aforesaid, the Person so refitting or refilling shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, on Conviction thereof before any such Justice of the Peace 5 and if such Inspector or Inspectors shall at any Time find any Woollen Cloth, after the Times herein directed for sealing the same, without the Seal or Seals hereby directed to be put thereon, or such Seal or Seals defaced, counterfeited, or altered, except it shall appear that such Seal or Seals was or were accidentally loft or maliciously taken off, or that any of such Cloths appear, by the lowed of the Marks,

Stamps, or Seals, to be overstretched or drained, either in Breadth or Length, beyond the Dimensions allowed of and provided for by this present Act, or that the Name and Place of Abode of the Maker of such Cloths shall be cut out or altered; in such Case the Owner of such Cloth, or the Person in whose peUv m Custody such Cloth shall be found, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit not exceeding the Sum of five Gftcudei*. Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings.

XII. Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to proviso. give any Power or Authority to such Inspector or Inspectors, to be appointed pursuant to this Act, to search

and examine such Cloths as shall be pressed and packed up for Exportation.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for jtiflice* to make the Justices of the Peace for the said West Riding, or the major Part of them, at their General Quarter Regulations. Sessions of the Peace to be held yearly after Easter^ and they are hereby impowered to make and issue such

further Orders and Directions, to the several Officers to be appointed by virtue of this Act, for the more effectual Execution thereof as to them shall seem meet; all which Regulations, Orders, and Directions, the several Searchers, Measurers, Inspectors, and Supervisors, so to be appointed, shall, and they are hereby required to obey and perform.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Mer- where Merchant or Buyer of any such Cloth shall have Cause to fufjpedthe real and true Lengths and Breadths of such chant*

Cloth not to be the lame as stamped upon such Seal or Seals, such Merchant or Buyer shall and may, for Fraud*, they may Proof thereof, have the Liberty, within six Weeks next after his buying the same (if such Cloth shall not before then have been raised, dressed, or dyed) and upon two Days Notice given in Writing to all the mrjfM,ed the Parties, who measured and stamped the said Cloth, to put such Cloth into cold Water, fer any Time not in fetter, exceeding four Hours, and immediately after the same shall be taken out of the Water, to cause the same to be measured by some sworn Inspector or Supervisor of Cloth in and for the said Riding; and if, upon such Admeasurement last mentioned, there shall be found a less or smaller Quantity of Cloth in Length, or less or smaller Quantity in Breadth, in more than one half Part of the Length thereof than is mentioned on any of the Seals affixed to such Cloth; in every such Case the Searcher, Measurer, or Supervisor, who measured and stamped the said Cloth, being convicted of having wilfully and knowingly affixed such false and fraudulent Seals to such Cloth, upon the Oath of the Inspector or Supervisor who last measured the said Cloth as aforesaid, or of any other credible Witness, before one or moreiuch Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Riding, or any Corporation within the same (not being Dealers in Woollen Cloth, or Occupiers of any Fulling Mill) shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the respective Penalties and Sums following; that is to say,

For two Inches in Breadth, or one Yard in Length, that such Cloth shall fall short of the Measure polity stamped and marked on the Seals thereto affixed, the Sum of five Shillings; and Convia.cn.

For every other Inch in Breadth, or Yard in Length, so overftamped, the Sum of ten Shillings.

T.he said Penalties, after deduding the reout the Costs and Charges of such Prosecution and Conviction, to be paid and applied as follows; videlicet, one Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Treasurer of the West Riding of the said County of York, for the Purposes herein after mentioned.

XV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all such cases, upon such Second Ad- wt^rc f. if* measurement of any such Cloths as aforesaid, where any of the Seals affixed shall be found not to contain SeVsan* »,.undf the just Lengths and Breadths of such Cloths, then, and in every such Case, the Inspector or Supervisor, «hc ii»:ps6cr »* who, upon such Information and Complaint as aforesaid, measured the same, shall affix on every such Cloth hew Seals, to be made and fixed as aforesaid, which shall contain the true Lengths and Breadths of tjtc 3,jP c/ the said Cloth, and that the Length and Number of Yards, by such Inspector or Supervisor so stamped on Piy-irntfor the such Seals as aforesaid, shall be the Rule of Payment for such Cloth by the Merchant or Buyer thereof, save Clo.l s, only that such Merchant or Buyer (in order to discourage the vending or exposing to Sale of any such Cloth with such defective and fraudulent Scab) shall and may, and he is hereby authorised and impowered, to dedud and retain to himself, out of the Price of such Cloth, upon which the M>ktr, Searcher, Measurer, or Supervisor thereof, shall have fixed such defective and fraudulent ocals as aforesaid, the Value or Amount of so many Yards thereof, out of the Number of Yards in Length so stamped upon such Seals by such Inspector or Supervisor who last measured and stamped the same as aforesaid, as the said Cloth shall fall ftiort in Inches of Breadth, or Yards in Length, of the Length and Breadth respectively exp relied on the former fraudulent Seal so affixed by the Maker.

XVI. And it is hen by enacted and declared, That it shall: nd may be lawful to and for the said Trea- TVaWr t* tfe-

surer to dedud and detain the Sums of Money to be forfeited cv the Searchers and Measurers, Inspectors, M*ncy for.

146 C. 51.

Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

examine the Cloths in the Merchant’s Hands, &c,

Clothiers to vreavo their Haines and

feitedoutof In- and Supervisors respectively, out of the yearly Salaries of such Searchers and Measurers, In(pe£ors and speaorsSalaries. Supervisors respectively, as such Salaries respectively shall become due and payable, prrfonscharged

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every Offender or Offenders, against whom such Information with Frauds may shall be made as aforesaid, shall and may, and are hereby authorised and impowered, within two Days after Notice of such Information to him or them given, to go to the House of the Merchant, Buyer, or Owner of the Cloth in such Information mentioned, and request to see the said Cloth, to examine that the Crimes and Facts so charged upon them be just, and that no Frauds have been committed by the Merchant, Buyet, or Owner of the same; and that upon the Merchant, Buyer, or Owner of such Cloth refilling to permit and suffer such Offender or Offenders to fee or examine such Cloth as aforesaid, such Prosecution, so intended to have been made against such Offender or Offenders, shall be at an End and cease; and any Con-vision to be made thereupon shall be void, and of none Effect,

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Clothier and Maker of such Cloth shall, at the Time of making thereof, weave or few into the Head of the Cloth, in distinct Letter

w r aor Words, plain to be read, at Length, the Name and Place of Abode of such Clothier and Maker j and in^hc Head* of* any Clothier or Maker of such Woollen Cloth shall, after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand their Cloths. seven hundred and sixty-five, expose to Sale any Cloth without such peals as before directed, or without such Name and Place of Abode so woven and sewed into such Cloth, in Words at Length, plainly to be seen and read, such Clothier or Maker, so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted upon the Oath of any one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, made before any such Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Riding, or any Corporation within the same (he being no Dealer in Cloth, or Occupier of any realty «n Per- Fulling Mill) who is hereby authorised to administer the said Oath, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shib-fnn, defacing os ifngS for every such Piece of Cloth so by him exposed to Sale without such Seals as aforesaid, and the Sum Sc a c! Vefor e ^ortY Shillings for every Piece of Cloth so by him exposed to Sale without such Name and Place of cloth tak^n Abode so sewed or woven into the same as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons whatsoeverihall willingly from tht Teat- take off, alter, or counterfeit, deface, obliterate* or cut out, any of the aforesaid Seal or Seals of Lead k> fixed and riveted to such End or Half Cloth, or to such Long or Whole Cloth, or the Figures, Letters, and Words thereon stamped, made, or set, or therein woven or sewed, hefore the Cloth be taken off the Tenters and brought to the Press, every Person or Persons so offending, and every Person in whose Custody any such Cloth without Seals, or with the Seals.defaced, cut out, or obliterated, as aforesaid, shall be found, being thereof legally convicted, for every such Offence shall forfeit not exceeding the Sum of live Pounds nor less than forty Shillings.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That for every Yard of Cloth, exceeding the Length of fifty-.eight Yards, whether in one Cloth, or in two short Cloths or Ends, which shall be milled in one Stock, atone and the same Time; the Owner of such Cloth or Cloths shall pay to the Miller of such Cloth or Cloths, the Sum of one Halfpenny fer Yard, for every Yard such Cloth (whether confiding of one Cloth only, or of two short Cloths or Ends) shall exceed the Length of fifty-eight Yards, over and above the usual Price for milling a Stockful, or fifty-eight Yards of Cloth.

Justices to settle

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Disputes and Demands which shall D.fputr*between hereafter arise between the Makers of such Cloths as aforesaid, and the Occupiers of such Fulling Mills, or °? ier»a their Agents, or Servants, relating to the Wages fer fulling, milling, or scouring, of any such Woollen

Cloths as aforesaid; shall, in case such Occupiers, Agents, or Servants, desire the same, and the Matter in ! )ifpute shall not exceed the Sum of two Pounds, be heard and determined by one or more Justice or ustices of the Peace far the County, Division, or Place, where such Disputes or Demands shall arise (such u ft ice or Justices not being Traders or Dealers in the Woollen Manufacture, Farmers or Occupiers of a bulling Mill) who is and are hereby required and authorised, upon Complaint to him or them made, to summon the Parties, and to hear and examine upon Oath, and adjudge such Damages, and give such Costs, not exceeding ten Shillings, to the Party so aggrieved, as in his or their Discretion shall seem reasonable; and to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants, to levy such Colts and Damages by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of such Person or Persons who shall refuse, for the Space of ten Days, to pay such Colt3 or Damages by him or them so adjudged.

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person whatsoever, after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, shall stretch or (train, or cause or procure to be stretched or (trained, any Whole or Long Cloth, or End or Half Cloth, more than one Yard in Length, in every twenty Yards of the Length thereof, or more than one Inch in every twelve Inches of the Breadth thereof (the whole Yard in Breadth containing thirty-six Inches only) and so in Proportion for Cloths that are more or less in Lengths and Breadths, above or beyond the Length of Breadth of such Cloth, upon the lowest of such Stamps or Seals marked, set down, and expressed; then, and in such Case, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Wincffes, before one or more such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, shall, for every Quarter of a Yard in Length such Cloth shall be overstretched, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings; and for every Inch in Breadth such Cloth shall be overstretched, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings; which said Sums shall be recovered and applied in the same Manner as the other Penalties are herein directed to be recovered and applied.

XXII. And, for the better and more easy Discovery of the undue stretching and (training of Cloth, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Owner or Proprietor of any Tenter or Tenters,

Payments for milling Long Chlhs.

Millers.

Penalty on fbeu hiig cr draining CJcihf,

Owners cf Tent-

cis to roc iff re and mark the

'ngth* of their \n West Riding of the said County of York, shall, and he is hereby required to measure such

Tcatus* Tenter or Tenters, as shall be made use of for tentering of Cloth, and to mark or number in Figures plain and fair to be seen, the true Length of Yards (computing thirty-seven Inches to each Yard) oi each

Tenter

ie

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 51. 147

Tenter or Tenters, beginning at Number One, and so continuing it to the End thereof, marking and numbering each Yard distinctly, plainly,.and fairly to be seen, upon the Top Bar belonging to each Tenter, on the Korefide thereof; and if any such Tenter or Tenters shall, after the twenty-fourth Day of one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, be found not to be measured, and truly marked and numbered as aforesaid, the Occi^prer of such Tenter or Tenters shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds for each Tenter that shall be found not so numbered and marked as aforesaid; such Penalty to be levied and recovered as any other Penalty is hereby directed to be recovered and levied.

XXIII. And whereas the using of Cards made with Wire, or with Wire Teeth, in dressing of Cloth, Penalty on ufinf hath by Experience been found to be very prejudicial to the said Woollen Manufacture Now, to the c-rd*m*<ie wi-J* End the said Woollen Manufacture may be improved as much as possible, be it enacted by the Authority Wire

aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, within the said West Riding of the said County of York, flial), 05 from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June9 one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, use, or cause to beufed, in dressing of Cloth, any Cards made with Wire, or with Teeth of Iron, or any other Metal whatsoever; every such Person or Persons, so using the same, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit forty Shillings.

XXiv. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That Information upon Oath shall be given How Oftrnc* of the Offences mentioned in this Act, within the Space of twenty Days next after such Offence shall be Auli be p.ofe-discovered; and all and every the Offences in this Act mentioned (except such for which any other Remedy cufeJ* is hereby provided) shall be enquired of and determined, and Convictions thereon made upon Oath of one fcituici a; or more credible Witness or Witnesses, by any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace (not being a Dealer in Woollen Cloth, nor Occupier of any Fulling Mill as aforesaid) Notice being first given of the Charge to the Person or Persons therewith charged; and that all such Penalties and Forfeitures as shall or may happen by reaion of this Act, shall go and be disposed of, one Half to the Person or Persons who ftiali give Information of the Offence on which the Conviction shall be made? and the other Half to the Treasurer of the said Riding; and if any Offender or Offenders shall, by the Space of ten Days next after he or they shall be convicted of any of the Offences aforesaid, and have Notice thereof to him, her or them iven, at his, her, or their Dwelling House, or Place of Abode, refuse or neglect to pay any Forfeiture by im, her, or them incurred, by reason of this Act, or shall not appeal, as is herein after provided, to the Quarter Sessions, then, and not before, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom such Conviction shall be made, or any other Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Riding, or any Corporation within the same (not being a Dealer in Woollen Broad Cloth, or Occupier of any Fulling Mill) upon a Certificate of such Conviction lent to him or them, from the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction was made; and he or they is or are hereby authorised and required to issue cut one or more Warrant or Warrants, under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to the (Jon-fhble of the Town or Place, or Bailiff or Bailiffs of the Liberties, Wapentakes, or Limits, where such Offender or Offenders doth or shall inhabit, thereby commanding him or them to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattles* returning the Overplus (if any be) after paying like— wife the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Offender or Offenders demanding the same; 2nd where no sufficient Distress can be found, to commit the Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction for any 1'imc not exceeding three Months.

XXV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any At>Pe«! to »he Person or Persons dull find him, her, or themselves, aggrieved by any Order or Warrant made by any Ju 1 - Queer Scfiivii*. tree or Justices, or upon any Conviction before him or them, in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the next General Quarter Sessions to be held for the said West Riding of the said County of Yok, whhh shall not be held within fourteen Days next after the Cause of Appeal shall arise, giving ten Days Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons discovering the Offence on which the Conviction was made; and if the Justices at the said Quarter Sessions either confirm or disannul the Or-tr xs or Proceedings of the said Justice or Justices, they shall allow such Costs and Charges to the Party aggrieved thereby, as they shall think reasonable; to be levied and paid in such Manner as is usual in Cases of Appeal from any Older of the Justices of the Peace to the Sessions, whole Order herein shall be fipal.

XX. V"I. Ai d it is hereby enacted and declared, That the several Justices of the Pence before whom any Ji fii-ci, &c. Conviction shall be made by virtue of this Act, as also the several SearcheiS, Measurers, Inspectnrs, and tj traiiimicto Suoervifors, so to be appointed, shall, and they are hereby required, at the four General Quarter Seihons ,ntg

of the Peace in and for the said Riding, held quarterly in every Year, to return and tranindt to the Juf- 0fconVitlior!*, tice< of the Peace assemblrd at such General Quarter Sessions, a true and perfect Account in Writing, of all the Conticiions to be made pursuant to this Act that shall happen within their Knowledge, and of all t/.e Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted or levied by Means or on Account thereof, which, by virtue of this A f\ are made payable to the said Treasurer for the time being; and shall, at the same Time, pay, or en:!c to be paid, to the Treasurer for the time being, all and every Sum and Sums of Money by them, or ary of them, or for their or any of their Use, had or received, for, or on Account of any such Convic-«»' n or Convictions, and which by this Act are made payable to the said Treasurer; and every Person and Pnfi ns rir*g!c«ll!rg or refilling to return and transmit such Account, or to pay, or cause to be paid, such Sum* of Money so by them received, or in their Hands, or any Part thereof, for the Space of twenty Days nr\: z1fcr any of the said Sessions, and being thereof convicted upon the Oath of one or more credible H'iness or Witnessrs, before any two Justices of the Peace of and for the said Rifling (not being Dealer* in Cloth, or Occupiers of any bulling Mill) shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, over and above the several Sums by him or them received, or being in his Hands as aforesaid, to be recoveicJ, pM»L ^nd

U 2 applied.

148 c.

Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

Thi> Afl fall extend to all

2, 3*

applied, in such Manner as the other Penalties inflicted by this Act are directed to be recovered, paid, and applied.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and all the Penalties and Clauses therein contained, shall extend to all Woollen Cloth which shall be made and milled in the West WooilfnCloths, Riding of the County of York\ except such Narrow Woollen Cloths as are mentioned and described, and row cloths zs*r" which Provision is made in and by one Act made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his said late Ma-arc del crib-id in jesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better regulating of Narrow Woollen Cloths in A cl 11 Geo. a. 4 the West Riding of the County of York.

Application of XX

VIII. And whereas there is now in the Hands of the Treasurer of the West Riding of the County Momy now in 1 of York a considerable Sum of Money, which hath arisen by and out of the Duties granted by the said the Hands of the former Acts for the Stamping and Measuring of Cloth Now it is hereby further enacted by the Autho-Treasurer of the j-jty aforesaid, That the said Treasurer of the said West Riding for the time being, shall, out of the Money West Riding, remaining in his Hands, and which shall hereafter be received by him on account of the Duties herein before directed to be paid to such Treasurer as aforesaid, in the first Place, pay the Charges and Expences attending the passing this Act, and shall afterwards pay and apply the said Duties and Penalties, as the same shall come in and be received, to the Payment of the Salaries of the Searchers or Measurers, Inspectors and Supervisors of Cloth, herein before directed to be chosen and appointed as aforesaid, in such Proportions, and in such Manner, as the Justices of the Peace of and for the said Riding, at their General Quarter Sef-(ions yearly to be held next after Easter, shall direct and appoint.

When Justices

XXIX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after all the Money to be expended in and about the obtaining this Act, shall be totally paid off and discharged, it shall and maybe J A lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the said West Riding, at their General Quarter Sessionsheld next after Easter, yearly, to make Orders for the increasing or diminishing the Rates or Duties to be paid for Measuring, Stamping, and Sealing of Cloth, so as the same shall never exceed six Pence for every such Whole Cloth, and three Pence for every such End or Half Cloth as aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Suit or Action shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, every such Suit or Action shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid, brought, and tried, in the County of York, and not else-where; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Suits or Actions shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance of, and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such Suit or Action shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place; that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants: And upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs mall become Nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs in other Cases by Law.

XXXI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That this Act shall be deemed, and taken to be, a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are to take Notice thereof as such, in all Courts and Places whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

dmiinUh the Rates.

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue,

Treble Coflt.

[Publick Act.]

Anno sexto GEORGII III.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the nineteenth Day of May, Anno Dom. 1761, in the first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace cf God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender' of the Faith, 6V. and from thence continued by several Prorogations to the seventeenth Day of December, 1765- being the fifth Session of the twelfth Parliament of Great BritainI j

CAP. I.

fce^Cie. 3-c. 1. An Act to continue an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Importation of i iot'41.3. 1. Salted Beef) Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time. EXP.]

CAP. II.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six.

EXP.

CAP. III.

An Act for allowing the Importation of Corn and Grain, from his Majesty's Colonies in America, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

EXP.

CAP.

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 4, 5, 6. 149

CAP. IV.

An Act for allowing the Importation of Oats and Oatmeal into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, See 6 Geo. u

Duty-free. EXP. c*4*

CAP. V.

An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch*

for a limited Time.

EXP.

CAP. VI.

An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of Blackbcath, of Bromley and Beckenham, of Rckejley otherwise Ruxley, and of Little and LeJfnefsj in the County of Kent, to the Hundred of Wallington in the County of Surrey.

of Persons, to be chosen in Manner thereby authorised, weie constituted a Court of Justice, by the Name of The Court of Requests for the Hundreds of Blackheath, a/'Bromley and Beckenham, tf/'Rokesley otherwise Ruxley, and of Liule and Leffness, in the County of Kent, with Power to hear and determine alt such Matters of Debt as are in the said Act mentioned: And whereas the Execution of the said Act has already been of great Benefit and Advantage to the several Tradesmen, Artificers, Manufacturers,

and others, within the said Hundreds: And Whereas it would be of great Advantage to the Tradesmen,

Artificers, and Manufacturers, inhabiting within the Hundred of WallingUn, in the County of Surrey,

adjoining to the said Hundred of Beckenham, being Part of the Districts mentioned in the said Act, if

the Provisions in the said Act were extended to the said Hundred of Wallington May it therefore please '

your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assem bled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Act made in

the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts The said Art

within the Hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley and Beckenham, of Rokefey otherwise Ruxley, and of Little extended to the

and LeJJness in the County of Kent, with all the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Punishments, Penal- ^UI\d/cd

ties. Forfeitures, Provisoes, Matters, and Things, therein contained, shall extend, and are hereby a in8lon*

extended to, and shall take effect, operate, and be executed, with respect to all the several Towns,

Parishes, and Places, within the said Hundred of Wallington, and to all the Refiants, Inhabitants, and Persons renting or keeping any Shop, Shed, Stall, or Stand, or seeking a Livelihood within the said Hundred of Wallington, and to all other Persons whomsoever, in such and the same Manner, and as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Powers, Authorities, Directions, Punishments, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisoes, Matters, and Things, were herein re-enacted, with respect and in relation to the said Hundred of Wallington.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for such Panfliloners to of the Parishoners of the respective Parishes within the said Hundred of Wailingtotiy as have a Right to chufc Com»if. assemble in their several and respective Vestries, and they are hereby respectively impowered and required, fl0ner$i upon Tuesday next after the P'east of Ea/lery which shall be in the Year one thousand seven hundred and

of the said Persons j such Parishioners of the Parish of Cashaltoiiy other four of the said Persons; such Farilhioners of the Parish of Beidington, other two of the said Persons; such Parishioners of the Parish of Mordciiy other two of the said Persons; such Parishioners of the Parish of Sutton, other two of the said Persons j and such Parishioners of the Parish of Cheam, other two of the said Persons; and the Churchwardens of each respective Parish for the time being, or one of them, shall, within two Days next after every such Nomination, enufe two Lifts to be made out of the Persons so nominated and appointed; and shall cause one of the said Lifts, or a true Copy thereof, to be fixed or {luck up on the Church Door of *heir respective Parish, and shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, the other to the Clerks for the time being of the Court by the said Act constituted and ;-ppcinted, or one of them, or their Deputy, who shall forthwith cause a Copy of such Lifts to be made, and stuck up in some convenient Part of the Places where the Commissioners for putting the said Act and this Act in Execution, shall meet for the Purposes thereof; and the Persons so to be from time to time nominated and appointed by 'he Parishioners of the several Parishes before mentioned, shall, together with the Pc: fans appointed or to be appointed by virtue of the said former Act, be, and they are hereby declared, constituted, and appointed, Commissioners for putting the former Act and this Act in Execution j and tht Commissioners so to be Pom time

150

Clerk! to summon them*.

Meetings to be it Croydon j

and life a Prison.

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue,

Tieble Costs. Publick Act,

Ste 3 Cu. 3. t 4. -f Cf\o. 3. < u.

8 Cite. 3 c. 6.

9 Geo. 3. c.' la.

Pre^mK'e rerit-inp the ftwer.'.l CQi-tying Acts of 1 tei' 1.

£/. 2. c. 13.

*3 Car. 1. <7. 2. c. 1.

25 Car. 2. c. 2.

C. 7. Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

time to time nominated and appointed by virtue of the said former Act and this present Act, shall be, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to put the said Act and this Act in Execution.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Clerks of the said Courts shall, within two Days next after such several Lifts shall be returned to them as aforesaid, summon, or cause to be summoned, six Persons, out of the whole Number so to be returned, by virtue of this Act, to attend as Commissioners of the said Court, for two Calendar Months then next following, and so the like Number of Persons out of the said Lifts, as they shall stand in Order and Rotation therein, to serve as Commissioners for every two Months, during the Term for which they are chosen Commissioners.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners from time to time appointed, or to be appointed, by virtue of the said recited Act, and this Act, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, to assemble, meet, and fit, on Saturday in every other Week, or oftener, if Occasion be, after Commissioners are nominated and appointed, as by this Acts directed, in the Court Room, or Place of publick Business, in or over the Market-house in the Town of Croydon, within the Hundred of Wallington, or in some other convenient Place, as near thereunto as may be, but so as the said Meetings shall not impede or interupt the publick Business usually done in the said Court Room, and there hold, a Court for the Purposes in the said recited Act and in this Act mentioned, in such Manner, and with such Powers and Authorities, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as the Commissioners, nominated and appointed by virtue of the said recited Act, are thereby authorised and impowered, and do hold a Court in the Parish of East Greenwich.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Commissioners assembled at any such Court to be held in the said Town of Crcydon, not being less than five in Number, shall and may, and are hereby authorised and impowered, if they shall think it necessary, to appoint a proper Place, in the said Town of Croydon\ to be a publick Prison, or Place of Confinement, for the said Court to be held in the said Town of Croydon, for the Confinement of Prisoners, in like Manner as the Place now appointed in the said Parish of East Greenwich for the publick Prison, or Place of Confinement, belonging to the Court held there.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought against any Person or Persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, the same shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise, and not afterwards, and shall belaid or brought in the County or Place where the Fast shall be committed, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if it shall appear to have been done in pursuance of this Act, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time herein before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants 3 and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, or if upon Verdict or Demurrer, Judgement should be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or De fendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cases by Law.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall bedeemel, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons wheinsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. VII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to the several Acts of Parliament now in Force for that Purpose, or, having been stamped, have been loll or millaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped.

WHEREAS divers Persons who, on account of their Offices, Places, Employments, or Proses-iions, or any other Cause or Occasion, ought to have taken and fqbscribed the Oaths, or the 4 A flu ranee, reipeCiivdy appointed to be by such Persons taken and subscribed, in and by an AvSl made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, of glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for the frather Security of his Majejlfs Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants \ and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prime a/ Wales, and his open and secret Abetters; or to have qualified iheinselves according to an Ail ‘ made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the well governing and regulating Corporations; or to have qualified themselves according to another Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing the Dan- gers which may happen from Popish Rccusanis, by receiving the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper according 8 4 to

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 7. 151.

to the Usage of the Church of England, and making and subscribing the Declaration against Transub- ft-intiation therein mentioned; or according to another Act made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of 30 Car. a. St, a*

King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preserving of the King's Perf on and Government, by disabling Papists from fitting in either House of Parliament; or according to another Act made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to iS Geo. *. c. 0.

emend and render more effectual an Act passed in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace; or according to another Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amende and reduce into one and 1 Geo. j,

Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being relating to the ratfing and training the Militia within that c. zo,

Part of Great Britain called England; have, through Ignorance of the Law, Absence, or some unavoid- able Accident, omitted to take and subscribe the said Oaths and AfTurnncc, or otherwise to qualify them- selves as aforesaid, within such Time, and in such Manner, as in and by the said Acts respectively, or by any other Act of Parliament in that Behalf made and provided, is required, whereby they may be in Danger of incurring divers Penalties and Disabilities For quieting the Minds of his Majesty's Subjects, and for preventing any Inconveniences that might otherwise happen by Means of such OmiflLns, be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confint of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person or Persons who shall, on or before the twenty-eighth Day of November, one thou- Further Tiire find seven hundred and sixty-six, take and subscribe the said Oaths and Assurances respectively, in such i* Novemb-r, Cases wherein by Law the said Oaths and Assurance ought to have been taken or fob fori bed, in such allowed to Manner and Form, and such Place and Places, as are appointed in and by the said Act made in the first [’c,f>ns*ho Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First, or by any other Act or Acts of Parlia- nuTiltyTnVm- ment in that Behalf made and provided; and also receive the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, according fdves, a? the to the Usage of the Church of England, and make and subscribe the said Declaration against Transubltan- fdirect, tiation, in such Cases wherein the said Sacrament ought to have been received, and the said Declaration FurJ;ier t® ought to have been made and subsenbed; and take and subscribe the Oath directed by the said Act made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, in such Cases wherein the 1' c.\L^ C°* said Oath ought to have been taken and subscribed, in such Manner as is by the said Act is directed; and also, being a Deputy Lieutenant or Officer of the Militia, shall, on or before the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, leave his Qualification in Writing with the Clerk of the Peace, with whom he is, by the said Act made in the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, required to leave the same; shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all Penalties,

Forfeitures, Incapacities, and Disabilities, incurred or to be incurred, for or by reason of any former Neglect or Omission of taking or subscribing the said Oaths or Allurance, or receiving the Sacrament, or making or subscribing the said Declarations, or taking and subscribing the said Oath, or leaving his Qualification in Writing with the Clerk of the Peace respectively, according to the above mentioned Acts, or any of them, or any other Act or Acts, is and are and shall be fully and actually recapacirated and restored to the same Person# qualify* State and Condition as such Person or Persons were before such Neglect or Omission, and shall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him, her, or themselves, according to the above-mentioned Acts, and wi^hin7hc every of them; and that all Acts done or be done by any such Person or Persons, or by Authority derived appointed, rcca-from him, her, or them, are and shall be of the same Force and Validity, as the same or any of them would paautea andm-have been, if such Person or Persons respectively had taken the said Oaths or Allurance, and received the Jcmnified, Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, and made and subscribed the said Declaration, and taken and subscribed the said Oath, and left his Qualification in Writing with the Clerk of the Peace, according to the Directions of the said Acts, and every of them; and that such Person or Persons qualifying themselves in Man-

ner, and within the Time, appointed by this Act, shall be, to all Intents and Purposes, as effectual, as if such Person or Persons had respectively taken the said Oaths and Assurance, and received the Sacrament, and made and subscribed the said Declaration, and taken and subscribed the said Oath, and left his Qualification in Writing with the Clerk of the Peace within the Time, and in the Manner, appointed by the several Acts before-mentioned.

1L Provided always, That this Act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be conilrued. &c. a>-to extend, to restore or intitle any Person or Persons to any Office or Employment, Benefice, Matter, OF rtaHy avo d< -J by Thing, whatsoever, already actually avoided by Judgement of any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, or

already filled un or enjoyed by any other Person 5 but such Office, Employment, Benefice, Matter, or Ccurr'h"rt 1 hing, so avoided, or filled up and enjoyed, shall be and remain in and to the Pc: foil or Persons who is or U‘J' cost", ITlC are now in tit led to the same, as if this Act had never been made.

LI. Provided also, That this Act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be conffrueJ to Non* indrmid-rxtend, to indemnify any Person against whom final Judgement shall have been given in any Action of fin where fs.ial

Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, for any Penalty incurred by D!£CI. '

having neglected to qualify himself within the Time limited by Law, or any Person who shall have ih^i’tnahyk* omitted to qualify himself within the Time limited by any Act or Acts of Parliament made during the curred.

He ^.n of h;s late Majesty King George the Second, for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to quality the-nuIves for Offices and Employments.

IV. And whereas Admissions of divers Members and Officers of Cities, Corporations, and Borough Town, or the Eiur.es of luth Admissions in the Court Books, Rolls, or Records of such Cities, Cor- j>jraiions, and Borough Towns, which, by several Acts of Parliament, are directed and required to be stamped, may not have been provided, or the same not duly stamped, or may have been lost or mislaid be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the Relief of such Persons whole Admifhcm, or the

152

such Persons whose Admit-(ions may not have been provided or duly

C. 8, 9, io, ir, 12. Anno {exto Gijorgii III. A.D. 1766.

the Entries of whose Ad millions as aforesaid, may not have been provided, or not duly stamped, or where the same have been lost or mislaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Persons, on or before the twenty-eighth Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, to provide or cause to be provided, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions, as aforesaid, duly stamped, and such Persons so providing or which Admi(lions, or Entries of Admissions, as aforesaid, duly stamped, are and shall be hereby confirmed and have been loft qualified to act as Member or Members, Officer or Officers, of such Cities, Corporations, and Borough aflow^d'to its* Towns respectively, to all Intents and Purposes, and shall and may hold, and enjoy, and execute the/ame, No°vT 1766f* to or any other Office or Offices into which he or they hath or have been elected, notwithstanding his ot their provide, &c. the Omission, or the Omission of any of their Predecessors in such Cities, Corporations, or Borough Towns, lame; as aforesaid, and shall be indemnified and discharged of and from-all Incapacities, Disabilities, Forfeitures,

®nd they are Penalties, and Damages, by reason of any such Omission, and none of his or their Acts shall be questioned nmedby&edCm* or avo, ded W reason of the same.

where an shall V. Provided always, That when and as often as any Member or Members, Officer or Officers, of any desireto^ave3 City, Corporation, or Borough Town, shall desire to have his or their Admissions, or the Entries of their their Admissions Admissions as aforesaid, renewed or confirmed in Manner aforesaid, the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate

of such City, Corporation, or Borough Town, shall, and he is hereby required in every such Case, upon Notice given to him by any one or more Member or Members, Officer or Officers, of any such City, Corporation, or Borough Town respectively, to summon a Hall, Common Council, or other proper publick Meeting, within ten Days after such Notice given to him, for the Purpose of admitting or granting Copies, or renewing and confirming the Admissions, or the Entries of the Admissions, of such Persons as aforesaid.

rrlo. It Sift, o. Geo. t. c. is.

CAP. VIII.

renewed,

a Hall is to be summoned for granting Copies, and confirming such Admissions.

Further Time to 15 December, 1769, Ij Stef, 9. Geo. 3. c, la.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. IX.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six.

EXP.

CAP. X.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore. EXP,

CAP. XI.

See 7 ceo. 3. c. An Act to repeal an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting fng^thi* aK.^" an^ aPPb*nS ceriain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, towards further defraying the Expences of defending, protesting, and securing the same \ and for amending such Parts of the everal Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade and Revenues of the said Colonies and Plantations, as dir eft the Manner of determining and recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting and

applying certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America. towards further defraying the Expenses cf defending, pretexting, and securing the same; and for amending such Parts of the several Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade and Revenues of the said Colonies and Plantations, as dir eh the Manner of determining and recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures therein mentioned: And whereas the Continuance of the said Act would be attended with many Inconveniences, and mny be productive of Consequences greatly detrimental to the Commercial Interests of these Kingdoms May it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-tc ealed^om m°ns in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first after / May, Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, the above-mentioned Act, and the several Matters 1766, and Things therein contained, shall be, and is and are hereby repealed and made void to all Intents and

Purposes whatsoever.

CAP. XII.

An Act for the better securing the Dependency of his Majesty's Dominions in America upon the Crown and Parliament of Great Britain.

[Preamble,

XII. WHEREAS several of the Houses of Representatives in his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, have of late, against Law, claimed to themselves, or to the Oeneral Assemblies of the same, the foie and exclusive Right of imposing Duties and Taxes upon his Majesty's Subjects in ihc

said

*53

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 13.

c said Colonies and Plantations; and have, in pursuance of such Claim, passed certain Votes, Resolutions,

and Orders, derogatory to the Legislative Authority of Parliament, and inconsistent with the Dependency of the said Colonies and Plantations upon the Crown of Great Britain May it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be declared; and be it declared by the King's most excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present and PUnu *ni Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Colonies and Plantations in America in America de-have been, are, and of Right ought to be, subordinate unto, and dependent upon, the Imperial Crown and dared to be fub-Parliament of Great Britain; and that the King’s Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords ordinate unto. Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, had, hath, and of Right dependent ought to have, full Power and Authority to make Laws and Statutes of sufficient Force and Validity to bind rial CrownTni" the Colonies and People of America, Subjects of the Crown of Great Britain, in all Cases whatsoever. Parliament of Great Britain j and the Legislative Authority of Great Britain dedared to extend to, and bind the Coloaiei and People of America, at Subject, in all Cases whatsoever.

II. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Resolutions, Votes, All Resolutiona Orders, and Proceedings, in any of the said Colonies or Plantations, whereby the Power and Authority of *"d.Pr^V^ing3 the Parliament of Great Britain, to make Laws and Statutes as aforesaid, is denied or drawn into nL« denying01 or question, are, and are hereby declared to be, utterly null and void to all Intents and Purposes what- catling in ques.° loevef. tion the said

Power, declared null and void;

CAP. XIII.

An Act to remove a Doubt concerning such Part of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the ascertaining of the Duties upon the Importation of certain Linen Cloth of the Manufacture of Russia, and to obviate all Doubts with respect to the Importation of Tea, under certain Licences authorised to be granted by an Act made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better fe- Preamble, re-

curing and further Improvement of the Revenues of Customs, Excise, Inland, and Salt Duties; and citing Clause is

for encouraging the Linen Manufacture of the Isle of Man; and for allowing the Importation of several c

Goods, the Produce and Manufacture of the said Island, under certain Refactions and Regulations; it is 5 c*o. g. /. aj.

amongst other Things enacted, That from and after the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred SeM. 7,

and sixty-five, the Duties payable upon the Importation of unrated Linen Cloth, of the Manufacture of Russia, shall cease and determine; and that all the Provisions and Clauses contained in any former Act or Acts of Parliament, so far as the same relate to the ascertaining the Value of such unrated Linens, according to the Oaths or Affirmations of the Importers, shall be repealed and made void; and that in l ieu of the said Duties thereby repealed, from and after the said first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, all Linen Cloth or Diaper of Russia, not otherwise rated, which shall be imported into Great Britain, shall be rated to pay the old Subsidy, and all other Subsidies or Duties due for the same, according to the several Rates and Values in the said recited Act mentioned; that is to say, All Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, not otherwise rated, exceeding thirty-one inches and one-half of an Inch in breadth,

and not exceeding forty-five Inches in breadth, for every one hundred and twenty English Ells, six Pounds;

.4 and for all Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, not otherwise rated, exceeding forty-five Inches in breadth,

for every one hundred and twenty English Ells, ten Pounds; and in that Proportion for any greater or less Quantity of any of the said Goods: And whereas several Quantities of Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia,

exceeding twenty-two Inches and one-half of an Inch, and not exceeding thirty-one Inches and one half of an Inch in breadth, have, since the said first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five,

been imported into Great Britain, which Sort of Linen formerly paid Duty ad Valorem; and the same being omitted to be expressly rated in the said recited Act, Doubts have arisen, whether the Duties upon such Linen are to be ascertained according to the former Method, by the Oath of the Importer, or in propor- tion to the Rates affixed by the said recited Act upon Russia Linen not otherwise rated, exceeding in breadth thirty-one Ipches and one-half of an Inch: And whereas the Proportion of such Rates, when applied to 4 RuJ Ita Linen, exceeding twenty-two Inches and one-half of an Inch and under thirty-one Inches and one-half of an Inch in breadth, is four Pounds for every one hundred and twenty English Ells :’ Now to obviate those Doubts, and for supplying such Omission, May it please your Majesty that it may be declared. and enacted; and be it declared and enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That all Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, not otherwise taxed, Cloth n* exceeding twenty-two Inches and one-half of an Inch, and not exceeding thirty-one Inches and one* half ol^crf,r,rcrated^ of an Inch in breadth, which have been, or shall be, imported into any Port or Place within Great Britain, from and after the said first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, shall be rated to pay inches in the old Subsidy granted by the Act of Tonnage and Poundage, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of breadth, hot not King Charles the Second, and all other Subfiaies, Imports, and Duties whatsoever, payable for the ^me, than 3* according to the Rate and Value of four Pounds for every one hundred and twenty English Ells of such Linen, in the same Manner, and by such Rules, Ways, and Means, as if the same had been particularly and expressly so rated and valued in the said recited Act, made the last Session of Parliament; any thing to pay a« hae therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding rated.

*54

Act iS Geo. ft.

C. 21.

Act iS Geo. 2. c. i6.

The Art of 28 Geo. 2. declared Bot intended to prevent the granting Licence* for the Importation of Tea from any Parts of Europe; or to hinder any Person*, other t Teas in 7 Geo. 3

Preamble, reciting Alt } Geo. j. c. is.

sad Geo. 3. c.j.

ffrom end after

s Ju,y n*6’

the Duties gran ed by the leciied Alt of 3 Geo. 3. are to cease; as atfo alt the Powers and Re-fuLniooy, 5ec«

C. 14. Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

II. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of hit late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for making more effectual the Laws prohibiting the Importation of Spirituous Liquors in Cashs or Vessels not containing sixty Gallons, and of Tea above the Quantity of six Pounds, found on board any British Ship or Vessel, not belonging to, or employed by, the East India Company 5 4 reciting, amongst other Things, that, notwithstanding the several Provisions made for preventing Frauds,

Ships and Vessels arriving from foreign Parts frequently had on board Tea, which Tea was intended to be run on Shore, without Payment of the Duties thereof; but in’order to prevent the Seizure and For-' 4 feiture thereof, was brought into Port, under pretence that it was designed for Exportation, and was Fre- questly reported for Exportation to foreign Parts, and nevertheless was afterwards run on Shore; it was therefore enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, all Tea above the Quantity of six Pounds, which should be found in any British Ship or Vessel arriving in Great Britain from foreign Parts, excepting those belonging to, or employed by, the Ea/l 4 India Company, shall be forfeited and lost, whether such Tea should be intended or reported for Exportation or not: And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether the Powers contained in an Act made in the eighteenth Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repealing the present Inland Duty of four Shillings per Pound Weight upon all Tea fold in Great Britain, and for granting to his Majesty certain other Inland Duties in lieu thereof \ and for better securing the Duty upon Tea, and other Duties of Excise; and for pursuing Offenders out of one County into another; to grant Licences to any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate (other than the East India Company) for the Importation of Tea into this Kingdom from any Part of Europe, were not repealed by the said Act made in the twenty-eighth Year of his said Majesty's Reignnow for obviating such Doubts, be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, was not intended to extend, and doth not extend, to hinder or prevent the granting of any Licence whatsoever, for the Importation of Tea into this Kingdom from any'Parts of Europe, in pursuance of the Powers contained in the said Act made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty; or to hinder or prevent any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, other than the East India Company, from importing any Quantities of Tea, not exceeding the Quantities for which any such Licence hath been or shall be granted, in any British Ship whatsoever, navigated according to Law, or to make Tea so imported liable to Forfeiture; any thing in the said Act notwithstanding.

ban the East Ind a Company, from duly importing any Quantity of Tea, so a* not to exceed the Quantities licensed. See more concerning. c. 56. 8 Geo. 3. c. *5.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for repealing the Duties granted upon Cyder and Perry by an Act made in the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and for granting other Duties on Cyder and Perry in lieu thereof; and for more effectually securing the Duties on Cyder and Perry imposed by several former Acts.

WHEREAS certain Duties of Excise were laid on Cyder and Perry by an Act of Parliament Vy made in the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising the Sum of three millions five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties; and divers Provisions and Directions, for and in relation to the managing, securing, ascertaining, collecting, recovering, levying, and paying, the said Duties upon Cyder and Perry, were enacted by the said Act, and by one other Act of Parliament made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend such Part of an Act made in the la ft Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry.; and for raifxng the Sum of three millions five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties, as relates to Cyder and Perry made in this Kingdom: And whereas great Inconveniences have arisen from the Manner of laying and collecting the said Duties: For Remedy whereof, and in order to maintain your Majesty's Revenue, and secure a proper and sufficient Fund towards Payment of such Incumbrances as are now charged on those and other Duties by the said Act passed in the third Year of your Majesty's Reign; we your Majesty's most loyal and dutiful Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, think it will be for the Advantage of the Publick to repeal the said Duties on Cyder and Perry, and, in lieu thereof, to grant unto your Majesty the several Duties herein after mention- ed ;’ and therefore do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and determined by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, all the Duties granted and imposed upon Cyder and Perry, by the said Act made in the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that then, and from thenceforth, all the Power* and Authorities given ind granted, and all the Rules and Regulations established and prescribed by the said Act made in the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for or in relation to the managing, securing, ascertaining, collecting, recovering, levying, and paying, the said Duties, and all Penalties and Forfeitures in respect thereof, and also the said Act made in the fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign* 3. " ftialL

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 14. 155

shall determine, and bo no longer put in Execution; save only and except in all Cares relating to the re-cMdiftiedbyth* covering any Arrears which may, at that Time, remain unpaid of the said Duties, or to any Penalty orre. Forfeiture which shall have been incurred upon or at any Time before the said fifth Dav of July, one thou- citt^ A«of sand seven hundred and sixty-six; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. 4. GEO 3. *Xc Pt

as 10 Arrc'rtj or Penalties incurred before that Time.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of July, in lieu of th’e

one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, there shall be raised, collected, levied, and paid, unto and for Duties so repeal-the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Cyder and Perry which shall, at any ^cVor^adJi-Time or Times, be imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain* over and above all other Cu- |"0gna|C Duties are stoms, Subsidies, and Duties, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, or Law whatsoever, imposed upon, or to take place; payable for the same, the additional Rate, or new Duty or Excise, herein after expressed; that is to say, viz. on all foreign for every Ton of Cyder or Perry imported into Great Britain from any Parts beyond the Seas, and so pro- Cyder and Perry portionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, to be paid by the Importer before landing, over and above all l^rp^r^d! 3 # other Duties payable for the same, three pounds. Pi

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of July* and on all Cyder

one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the PcnIJad<5 Use of his Majestjr, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Cyder and Perry which shall be made within ^ /lU,n* the Kingdom of Great Britain, over and above all other Duties, Charges, and Impositions, by any former RetIuf per

Act or Acts of Parliament thereupon respectively set, rated, or imposed, the New Duty of Excise herein Hogshead. after mentioned and expressed; that is to say, For all Cyder and Perry, which shall be made in Great Britain, and sold by Retail, upon every Hogshead, to be paid by the Retailer thereof, over and above all other to be paid by the Duties payable on the same, and so proportionably for a greater or less Measure, six Shillings. Retailer;

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of and °n all cJ6cr July one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Cyder and Perry, which shall be and consigned t(J made in Great Britain, upon every Hogshead thereof, which shall be sent or consigned to any Factor or any Factor forj Agent who shall receive the same to sell or dispose of, and so proportionably for a greater or less Quantity, Sale, 16 s. 8 d. sixteen Shillings and eight Pence, to be paid by such Factor or Agent. ETp^bjthe*

Factor.

% V. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person ah Persons and Persons, who shall receive into his, her, or their Custody or Possession any Cyder or Perry, to be by receiving any him* her, or them, sold or disposed of, shall be deemed to be, and is and are hereby declared to be, StoThVirCuiL, Factor or Agent, Factors or Agents, within the Intent of the last mentioned Clause, and chargeable as dy> forsaie, am such with the said Duty of sixteen Shillings and eight Pence per Hogshead; unless he, she, or they, so re- deemed Factor* ceiving the same, shall and do make due Proof that such Cyder or Perry was made from Fruit of his, her, chargeable or their own Growth respectively, and not from bought Fruit; or unless it shall appear by a Certificate £,th the said under the Hand of the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, accompanying the said Cyder or Perry, that the Duties imposed by this and all former Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force had been charged on the from Fruit of

fame. their own

Growth; or were otherwise duly charged,

VI. Provided always, That in case any Cyder or Perry shall be received by any Factor or Agent, Dealer Where it shall

or Retailer, for which it shall appear by a proper Certificate that all or any Part of the Duties, imposed by *ppear th4t the this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament; have been charged on the same, such Factor or Agent, ^‘been du,y and such Dealer or Retailer respectively, receiving such Cyder or Perry with a proper Certificate, certify-enarged, the* ing that such Duties have been already charged for such Cyder or Perry, shall not be charged with the Factor Jnd Re-Payment of such Duties, charged as aforesaid, on receiving such Cyder or Perry into his Stock, or on the tai!rrare no:t» Dec re afe thereof. ' be charged anew*

VII. Provided also, That if any Factor or Agent shall, during the Continuance of the Act of this pre- Factor having sent Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties the Duryof

upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty- 4*- Per Ho?- fix,’ be charged with, and shall pay the Duty of four Shillings per Hogshead upon any Quantity of Cy- {^M^Act of der or Perry granted by the said Act, and chargeable upon him or her as the Receiver thereof, such Factor th* s/rti >n, it to or Agent shall, by the Authority of this Act, for every Hogshead of such Cyder or Perry so charged, stand rtanJ discharged discharged of four Shillings, Part of the sixteen Shillings and eight Pence granted by this Act, and charge- of much in able upon him or her as Factor or Agent by virtue of this Act the Ncvv duties.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of barters of Vef-

July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, the Master or other Person having the Charge of any Ship, Ms carrying Cy-Vessel, Barge, or Trow, in which shall be shipped or put on board any Cyder or Perry, to be carried dfr or Ferry

from one Part of this Kingdom to another, shall, within three Days after his Arrival at any Port or Place to

where any Part of such Cyder or Perry is to be delivered, give to the proper Officer cf Excise, to be ap- r(fof jj^he pointed for that Purpose by the respective Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, a proper officer of )uft and true Account in Writing of the whole Quantity of Cyder and Perry by him received on hoard; F'c.fe, within distinguishing in such Account the Names and Places of Abode of the Persons by whom the same, and 3 i>*ysaftcrt’-.cir

every Part thereof, was put on board, and at what Place; and the Names and Places of Abode of the'?,*

Persons to whom the same, and every Part thereof, is or was lent, directed, or consigned, and where the aic Account" the

X z fame,

c.

156 C. 14.

Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

Person*a fame, and every Part thereof, was to be delivered: And in case the Matter or other Person having the f‘om. Charge of any such Ship, Vessel, Barge, or Trow, shall neglect or refuse to give such Account as aforesaid, ^he"^© according to the Directions of this Act; or shall dispose of or deliver any Part of the Cyder or Perry by whom* consign- him taken on board at Sea, or in any other Place, except the Place to which the same was consigned ed, on P«- (unavoidable Accidents excepted) the Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the na!ry of 20I for Sum of twenty Pounds; and such Matter or other Person having the Charge of such Ship, Vessel, Barge, cvcfyfocbNe- or Trow, shall, within twenty-one Days after his Arrival at the Place of Delivery, land or cause to be w dtiirering) * landed all the Cyder and Perry then on board to be delivered there, on Pain of forfeiting all such &c. the/an^ Cyder and Perry which shall not be landed according to the Directions of this Act; which shall and otherwise than may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, together with the Calks or other Package contain-

consigned. ing the same.

Pv-rry and Cyder to be landed within 21 Days after Arrival, on Forfeiture thereof.

Factors are to

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of Jufa one enter, at the next thousand seven hundred and uxty-six, every such Factor or Agent, or Favors or Agents, so having, receiv-Office ot Exciit, ing^ or calcine, any Cyder or Perry into his, her, or their Custody, Possession, or Power, to sell or dispose at least three Days before he, she, or they, shall begin to sell or dispose of the same, make a true Dars before they and particular Entry in Writing, at the Office of Excise next to the Place where such Cyder or Perry shall irake Srte of be intended to be sold or disposed of, of the respective Name and Names of such Factor or Agent, Fadors any Cyder or, or Agents, and of every Storehouse, Warehouse, Room, Cellar, or other Place, wherein he, she, or they, Perry consigned have laid or kept, or intended to lay or keep, any Cyder or Perry; and if any such Fador or Agent, Fac-feiiure ol%oU fors or Agents, shall, contrary to the Direction of this Act, make use of any Warehouse, Storehouse, for every unen- Room, Cellar, or other Place, for the laying or keeping any Cyder or Perry, without having made such tered Storehouse Entry as aforesaid, he, she, or they, shall respectively forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds for every evade use of; such Storehouse, Room, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, which, from and after the said fifth Day of 7if/jy ^"a^o al?the" one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, shall be made use of without Entry as aforesaid; and all and Prguiations.Pe- every such Fador or Agent, Fadors or Agents, so receiving Cyder or Perry to sell or dispose of as aforesaidr *ahie», and Pro- shall be subject and liable, and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable, to all the Clauses, Provisions, which vifoes, Regulations, Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, Rules, Methods, Matters, and Things, any Dealer or Dealer* in, and Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers of, Cyder or Perry, are subject and liable to, by this or any other toand'pe/" are or Acta f>arl‘amc>lt now fa Force, for the regulating and enforcing, managing, raising, levying, iubjea to!"7 collcding, paying, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, and recovering, the Duties on Cyder and Perry.

Dealer!in, or Re- x. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of Ind'peny made Juh* one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and and fold in Great f^he Use of h is Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon every Hogshead of Cyder and Perry Britain, from which shall be. made and fold in Great Britain, by any Dealer in, or Retailer of, Cyder or Perry, from Fruit of thdr Fruit of his or her own Growth, and so proportionally for a greater or less Quantity, six Shillings, to be Pa* ^uck Dealers in, or Retailers of, Cyder or Perry.

per Hogshead.

Perform buying

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons, who* Cyder or Perry, shall buy any Cyder or Perry, or any Fruit to make into Cyder or Perry, and shall fell any of the Cyder VioCrttrvT* or Perry b°ught or made, by the Hogshead, or any greater or letter Measure; or shall fell any Quantity. Perry/and fell- of Cyder or Perry, or either of them, in less Quantity than twenty Gallons at a Time, whether the fanie ing ihat they so he made from Fruit of his, her, or their own Growth, or from bought Fruit, shall be deemed and taken buy or make, are to be a Dealer or Dealers in, and Retailer or Retailers of, Cyder or Perry, within the Intent and Meaning deemed Retail- of this Act, and shall be chargeable with the several Duties hereby granted for such Cyder or Perry so made c,s* and fold respectively.

where one

XII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when or.Re# such Dealers in, or Retailers of, Cyder or Perry, made from Fruit of his, her, or their own Growth, shall cha^ of another, so^ or dispose of such Cyder or Perry to any other Dealer or Retailer of Cyder or Perry, who shall pur-in order to fell chafe the same to fell again, such Dealer or Retailer so purchasing the same to fell again, and receiving the acain, and the same, with a proper Certificate, certifying such Duty has been charged, shall not be charged or chargeable Dunes shill be with the said additional Duty of six Shillings per Hogshead by this Act imposed on Cyder and Perry made *ddirion Duthe mGreat Britain and sold by Retail; and if the Cyder or Perry made by any such Dealer in, or Retailer, of 6s.° per Hog- ffom Ffuit of his, her, or their own Growth, shall be sold by the Maker thereof in less Quantity than f»ead on Retail twenty Gallons at a Time; such Dealer in, or Retailer of, Cyder or Perry, shall not be charged for such is not to be Cyder or Perry so fold with the said additional Duty of six Shillings per Hogshead by this Act imposed on charged; nor Cyder and Perry made in Great Britain, and sold by Retail.

where Cyder 77,7

and Perry shall be sold by the Maker in less Qgantitiei than to Gallons to the Dealer or Retailer.

Dealers in, and

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared determined by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Retailers of, Cy* such Dealer or Dealers in, and Retailer or Retailers of Cyder or Perry made from Fruit of his, her, or from^ruiVof t^eir own Qr°wth, shall be subject and liable, and is hereby declared to be subject and liable, in respect of their own such Cyder or Perry so made, to all the Clauses, Provisoes, Regulations, Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, Growth, are sub- Rules, Methods, Matters, and Things, which any Dealer in, or Retailer of, Cyder or Perry, is subject jeaed to like Re- and liable to, by this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force for the regulating, enforcing, cuUions, Penal- 7 managing,

A.D. 1765. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 14. 157

managing, railing, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, and recovering, the tic*, si»a Pr«vl-Duties on Cyder or Perry. *on*»as 0

J m Dealers and Re-

taJcn,

XIV. And, for preventing any Disputes that may arise touching the charging the Duties on Cyder and Cyder and Ferry, it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Cyder or Perry made in Greet Pcoy made in Britain, in no Cate w hat foe ver shall pay or be chargeable with more than sixteen Shillings and eight Pence GrCJt per Hogshead, whether the Duties, or any of them, chargeable thereon, shall arise by virtue of this or any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament. u y

Bd.perHogfaead,

XV. And whereas great Frauds have been committed by Dealers in, and Retailers of Cyder or Perry,

by fending and removing, or causing or procuring to be sent or removed, great Quantities of Cyder and

Perry from the Makers thereof, immediately to the Person or Persons who contract for the same with,

7 or order the same from, such Dealers in, or Retailers of Cyder or Perry, whereby the Duties thereon have not been charged, as such Cyder and Perry never comes into the Possession of such Dealers or Re- tuilers, and the like Frauds may be committed by such Factors and Agents, if prm>er Provision is not

made for prevention thereof;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after Dcalm, Rctai!-the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, if any Dealer or Dealers in, or Rc- or tailer or Retailers of, Cyder or Perry, or any such Fador or Fadors, Agent or Agents, shall remove or ^rt'^pcm frorri fend, or cause or procure to be removed or sent, any Cyder, or Perry, from the Maker or Makers thereof, the Maker to the to the Person or Persons buying or contracting for, or ordering the same, without the Duties thereon have ConuaOor, *c. been first charged, and without a Certificate to accompany the same, signed by the proper Officer of Excise without the Du-(which Certificate he is hereby required to give, without Fee or Reward, to the Person or Persons desiring *'

the fame) signifying the Quantity of Cyder or Perry so sent or removed, and the Number of Casks or other a r ca c* Package containing the same, and that the Duties due thereon had been charged for the same; every such Dealer or Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers of, Cyder or Perry, or Fador or Fadors, or Agent or Agents, forfeit 501, icfpedively, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties by this Act These Dutiesur imposed upon Cyder and Perry, shall and may be drawn back on the Exportation of such Cyder and Perry, to be drawn back, by the same Means and Methods, and under the same Rules and Directions, as the other Duties, or any on ElPorut, on^ of them, now payable for Cyder or Perry, may be drawn back on the Exportation thereof; and also that the fald Duties on Cyder and Perry granted by this Act, shall be drawn back or allowed upon the Distil- DiifcJUtior»j< lation of Cyder and rerry into Low Wines and Spirits, by the same Means and Methods, and under the same Rules and Direction6, as the other Duties or any of them, now payable for Cyder or Perry, may be drawn back or allowed upon the Distillation thereof: And in case any Cyder or Perry which hath been Ho where-charged with, and hath paid the said Duties or any of them, granted by this Act, shall hereafter, by be- Gxdcror p«,ry ing unfit for Sale as Cyder or Perry, be charged with the Duties on Vinegar, it shall be lawful for three or stteTf such 'and; more of the Commissioners of Excise for the time being, or two Justices of the Peace within their.respect shall be charged live Jurisdictions, on Proof that such Cyder or Perry hath been charged with, and paid the said Duties, or with the Duties, any of them, granted by this Act, and that the same Cyder or Perry hath also been charged with the Duty on Vinegai.-©□ Vinegar, to discharge or allow such of the Duties granted by this Act, as shall have been charged thereon. which they are hereby required to do.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if from and after the said fifth Day penalty of ot>-of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, any Person or Persons whatsoever, shall assault, refill, struain* officer*« oppose, molest, or hinder, any Officer or Officers of Excise, in the due seizing or securing of any Cyder or >n the Execution. Peny, which, by any Officer or Officers of Excise, shall or may be seized by virtue or in pursuance of this of their Duty Ad, or in the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities by this Act given or granted, or shall by Force

or Violence refeue, or cause to be refeued, any Cyder or Perry, after the same mall have been seized by or rescuing or such Officer or Officers, as aforesaid, or shall attempt, or endeavour so to do, or after such Seizure, shall flavin* Cyder or ftavc, break, or otherwise destroy or damage, any Casks, Vessels, or Package, wherein the same shall be or Perrr».atter contained; all and every the Party or Parties so offending shall, for every such Offence respectively, for- Scl2ur*> leit and lose the Sum of forty Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Autho- powen, &c. of rities. Rules, Methods, Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and by an Act Art ta’csr, a., made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away c« *4*

the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof,* or by any other Law now in Force relating to his or any other Adr Majesty's Revenue of Excise upon Beer, Ale, or other Liquors, are provided, settled or established, for relating to the securing, enforcing, managing, railing, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, Revenue of Ex. or ascertaining, the Duties or Penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing.

Frauds relating thereto (not otherwise altered by this Act) shall be exercised, pradiled, applied, used, imposed, levied, recovered, and put in Execution, for the securing, enforcing, maraging, railing, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, and adjudging, ascertaining, and recovering, the Duties on Cyder and rerry and Penalties hereby granted, and for preventing, deteding, and punching. Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated* and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XI. A. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Fine*, PeiuWev. imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, and Me-’ theds, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, is or may be sued for, recovered, or mitigated, by any Law or jefied# cor ’

Laws gated, si

158 C. 15, 16. Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

of Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of

fnd ^ccorc* at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively: And that one Moiety of every the other to the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety Profrcutor. to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

These Duties to XX. And, for the better ascertaining, charging, collecting, railing, levying, and securing, the said be under the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed, and preventing Frauds therein; be it further enacted by the Au-M%ment of the" t^lor*ty aforesaid, That such of the said Rates and Duties by this Act granted, as are charged upon Cyder ^ommiJrio°ner*e anc* Perry made in, or imported into England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick uton Tweedy shall be under # and Officers of the Receipt and Management of the Corn mi (lion ers and Officers of his' Majestys Revenues of Excise in Excise in Eng- England for the time being; and such of the said Rates and Duties as are imposed by this Act upon Cyder land and Scot- or Perry made in, or imported into Scotland, shall be under the Receipt and Management of the Comroif-jandrefpeaivdyj f|0ners of Excise in Scotland for the time being 5 and the said respective Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, have hereby power, by Commission under their respective Hands and Seals, to constitute and appoint under them such Officers as shall be necessary in that Behalf, and to be paid

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies anting by and in respect of Into the Exche- Duties hereby granted and imposed (the necessary Charges of raifxng and accounting for the sameex-an^the^Dutiea cepted) shall, from time to time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, fepa-»act to be applied rate and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Revenue; and are hereby appropriated and shall be an! issued, issued and applied to the same Uses and Purposes, in such Manner,.and under such Regulations, as the Mo-the former Do- nies arising by the Duties hereby repealed were, by the said Act made in t;he third Year of his present Ma-tiel* jesty’s Reign, appropriated unto, and directed to be issued and applied.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any thing by him of them done in pursuance of or by colour of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, such Person and Persons shall and may Gtucrxl UTur. plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence in his or their Defence or Defences; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants TriWc Costs* shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XV.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City of Bath, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the City of Bath is very large and populous, and is daily increasine by reason of the great Resort thereto from all Parts of this Kingdom of Great Britain, as well as from Foreign Parts, by means whereof, a very considerable Trade is carried on within the said City and Liberties: And whereas many Persons, to whom the Traders within the said City and Liberties are obliged to give. Credit for small Sums of Money, frequently refuse, although able to pay the same, presuming on the Discouragements which Creditors lie under from the Expence which they are unavoidably put to, and the Delays they meet with in suing for such Debts: And whereas a more easy and speedy Method of re- covering Small Debts within the said City and Liberties, would greatly tend to improve the Trade there- of, and support useful Credit therein May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of Ceanu/fionen. the same, That the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the said City, for the time being; together with William Cclbcrncy Benjamin Colborne, Giles Jones, William Hoare, Walter Taylor, John Howfey Henry Howfey George Chatmany Samuel Go\dncy, Richard Harford, John Bovjdeny Henry Pullen, William Swallow y Hanbury Bettingally Thomas Havilandy Thomas Pauliny Charles Simpfony William Wiltshire, Walter Dalla-morey Robert Hayivardy Robert Hayward junior, Edward Par her, Richard Evatt, James Wally Lacon Lambt Thomas Jelly, John Cottley John Doddy William Gallaway, William Rogersy Thomas Creafery John Eldertony John Palmer, William Vatchetty John Blakey William Prudiey Joseph Terry, John Spry, Thomas Wcjly Ed* mund Hutchinson, William Clement, Charles Morgany Lewis Bicky William Frederick, Thomas Brookmany William Kittoey Thomas Farry Joseph Philloty Markes Davisy and Samuel JVocdhouse, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners, to hear and determine all such Matters of Debt as are hereafter mentioned; and the said Commissioners, and their Successors, are hereby constituted a Court of Justice, by the Name of The Court of Requests for the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset, and the Liberties of the fail Jtfcetingi, City \ and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, and they are hereby impowered and required to meet and hold the said Court on every Tuesday, or oftener, if they shall deem it necessary, in the Town Hall, or some other convenient Place within the said City of Bathy to be appointed by the major Part of such of the Commissioners as shall be present at any such Meeting; and the Hi it Meeting of

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 16. 159

the said Commissioners shall be held on the third Tuesday next after the passing of this Act; and the said Power. Commissioners, or any three or more of them, from time to time assembled at such Courts, are hereby authorised and fully impowered to hear and determine all such causes as are hereafter mentioned, and to give such Judgements, and to make such Orders and Decrees therein, and to award Execution thereupon, with Costs, against the Body and Bodies, or against the Goods of all and every the Person and Persons against whom they shall give any such Judgement, or make any such Order or Decree, as to them shall seem just in Law or Equity; and if the Commissioners so assembled shall happen to be equally divided upon any Question that may come before them, the Mayor of the City for the time being, if present, or in his Absence, the senior Alderman, if present, and if no Alderrhan is present, the Commissioner present who (lands first in the List of Commissioners to be hung up in the Court or Place where the Commissioners meet* shall have another’and the castirfg Vote.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any or either of the said Commissioners herein before particularly named and associated to and with the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, or any or either of the Successors of such Commissioners, to be elected in Manner m case of Death, herein after particularly mentioned, shall happen to die, or refuse to act; then, and in either of such cases, &c. new Com-it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners, or the major Part of such of them as shall missionertto be be present at a Meeting which is hereby directed to be held for that Purpose, within the Space of One®1*0*"1* Calendar Month next after such Decease or Refusal to act shall happen or be known, or as toon after as conveniently may be, to elect and appoint one other Commissioner in the Stead of each such Commissioner so dying or refusing to act (Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Election being previously given by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, by affixing the same to the Town Hall in the said City at feast Seven Days before every such Meeting); and every such Commissioner so elected, shall be and is hereby enabled to act in the Execution of the rowers hereby granted to the Commissioners aforesaid, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he had been particularly named herein as a Commissioner.

III. And to the Intent that no undue Preference may be made and given in summoning the said Com- Commissioner* missioners, appointed or to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, to attend the said Court;’ be it further how to be sum* enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Serjeant of the said Court for the time being, to be nomi- moncdv nated and appointed as herein after mentioned, shall summon the Mayor and one Alderman, or two Aldermen together with four other Commissioners, beginning with the Mayor and one Alderman, and four other Commissioners, who shall be first named in the List of Commissioners, to be hung up in the said Court, to attend the said Court as Commissioners for one Week next ensuing; and shall weekly summon the like Number of Commissioners, as they shall (land in Order and Rotation upon the said Lilt.

IV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exclude Noneexchitfc*. Dr debar any of the Commissioners for the time being from fitting in the said Court, although such Com- fremiaingi missioners shall not have been summoned, or (land in Rotation to be summoned, but that such Commissioners, if they think fitting so to do, shall and may fit, hear, determine, give Judgement, and make Orders

and Decrees in the said Court; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting Their fori* as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken an Oath to the Effect following;

that is to say*

I A.B. do swear. That I will faithfully, Impartially, and honestly, according tathe bed of my Judge-c X ment, hear and determine such Matters and Things as shall be brought before me, by virtue of an Act for the more cafy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City and Liberties of Bath\ in the*

County of Somerset, without Favour, Affection, or Prejudice, to either Paity.’

Which Oath the Clerk of the said Court, or any of the Commissioners who shall have taken such Oath, is hereby impowered and required to administer in open Court, and a Memorial thereof shall be entered in the Registers of the said Court by the said Clerk.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Jacob Smith Gentleman, shall be and is citrk appointed hereby appointed Clerk of the said Court of Requests, during-his good Behaviour, and shall have Power

from time to time to appoint a Deputy; which said Clerk, or his Deputy, are hereby impowered and required to issue out all Summonses, Warrants, and Precepts, and to register all Orders, Decrees, and Judgements*, of the said Court, and shall enter and register, or cause to be entered and registered, in proper Books to be provided by him and kept for that Purpose* all the Acts and Proceedings of the said Court.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case, by the Neglect or Refusal of If Commitow. the said Commissioners* it shall happen that there shall not be a Quorum of three of the said Commission- cr#<1

ers assembled on any of the Days appointed for holding the said Court; it shall and may be lawful for the '^.urn tU* Clerk for the time being of the said Court to adjourn the said Court to some other convenient Opportunity, Court!" within one Week from the Time within which the said Court ought to have been held.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Charles Blalchley and William Collins s.rSeanf|ap. shall be and are hereby constituted and appointed Serjeants of the said Court of Requests, during their pointed, good Behaviour, for the Service of Summonses, and executing such Orders, Warrants, and Precepts,

and doing and performing such other Acts, Matters, and Things, as are herein appointed to be done by them.

i6o C. 16. Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

Method of chu-

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the major fin* new clerk Part of the Commissioners, who shall be fitting and acting in Court on the next Court Day after the Death, and Serjeants. Resignaiisn, or Removal of the Clerk, or of the Serjeants appointed by this Act, or either of them, or so fuon after as the same is publickly known, to cause the whole Number of , for the time being, to be summoned to meet at some convenient Place to be appointed for that Purpose, within six Days next after their being summoned as aforesaid; and such Commissioners at such Meeting, or the major Part of them then present, are hereby authorised and required to elect another Person or Persons in the Room of such Clerk or Serjeants respectively, so dying, resigning, or being removed as aforesaid, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act contained, and so from time to time upon every Vacancy of the said Offices of Clerk or Serjeants for ever.

Debtors how ta

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Meeting of the he fiicniDoned. said Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, who now hath, have, or hereafter shall have, any Debt or Debts, under the Value of forty Shillings, due or owing, or belonging unto him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own Rights, or as Executor, Administrator, Guardian, or Trustee, to any other Person or Persons, by or from any other Person or Persons whatsoever, inhabiting or residing within the said City and Liberties, or using or frequenting the Markets thereof, or usually buying or selling, or seeking a Livelihood therein, to apply to the Clerk of the Court for the time being, or his Deputy, who shall immediately make out and deliver to one of the Serjeants of the said Court for the time being a Summons in Writing under his Hand directed to such Debtor or Debtors, expressing the Sum demanded of him, her, or them, together with the Name of the Party demanding the same, and requiring him, her, or them, to appear at a certain Time and Place, to be mentioned in such Summons, before the Commissioners of the said Court, to answer such Demand; and such Serjeant shall forthwith serve or cause such Summons to be served on such Debtor or Debtors, either ^erfonally, or by leaving the same at the Dwelling-house, Lodging, Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing, trading, or working, of such Debtor or Debtors, being within the said City and Liberties, with his, her, or their Servant, or other Person belonging to him, her, or them; Commissioners and that upon Proof made that such Summons hath been duly served, the said Commissioners, or any *o give Judge- three or more of them, assembled in Court, being a Majority of such Court, are hereby impowered and meat, required to make due Enquiry concerning such Demands or Plaints, and make such Orders and Decrees

therein, and p.ifs such final Sentence or Judgement thereupon, and award such Costs of Suit as to them shall seem mod agreeable to Equity and good Conscience; and for the better Discovery of the Truth, administer and more solemn Determination of Matters and causes which shall be depending in the said Court, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in Court, and they are hereby impowered to administer, or cause to be administered, an Oath or Oaths to any Officer of the said Court, and to either of the said Parties willing to be examined touching the Matters then in question, and to such Witness or Witnesses as shall be produced by each Party, and also to any other Person or Persons whose Evidence shall seem necessary toward the hearing or determining any of the said causes, t>r making an Order or Decree therein, or for any other Purposes requisite to the Execution of this Act.

In case Debtors

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Debtor or Debtors, who shall do not appear, have been duly summoned as aforesaid, shall not appear before such Court at the Time and Place

Commissioners

mentioned in the said Summons, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any may proceed, three or more of them, so assembled, being a Majority of the said Court, after due Proof made upon Oath of the Service of the said Summons in Manner aforesaid, to hear the Cause on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and to make such Order, Decree, or Judgement, and to award such reasonable Costs of Suit as to them shall seem most agreeable to Equity and good Conscience. ff Plaintiff do

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if upon the Day of Return of the

not appear or Summons, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the said Court, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not (>rove his Debt, appear, or appearing shall not make Proof of his, her, or their Demands to the Satisfaction of the Court,

Defendant to but become Nonsuited, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or

fcave Coste. more of them, being a Majority of the said Court, to award to the Defendant or Defendants reasonable Costs, and to order and oblige the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the same, by such Ways and Means, as are herein provided for the Recovery of Debts ordered and decreed by the said Court.

ConwmffioneK

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in any Case where the said Commav award Exe-ttiissioners, or any three or more of them as aforesaid, shall have made any Order or Decree for the ‘Sut‘on Payment of Money, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more

0 y aa of them, being a Majority of the said Court, to award Execution either against the Body or Goods of the

Party against whom such Order or Decree shall be made; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for the Clerk of the said Court, at the Prayer of the Party prosecuting such Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, to issue a Precept \mder his Hand and Seal, by way of Capias ad satisfaciendum, or Fieri facias, to one of the Serjeants of the faicf Court, who, by virtue of any such Precept issued upon Execution awarded against the Body of such Party, shall and may, and is hereby impowered to take such Party, being within the said City and Liberties, and carry him, her, or them, to the Common Goal of the said City, there to remain until he, she, or they, shall perform and obey such Order, Decree, or Judgement, so as no Person shall remain in Confinement upon any such Execution for a longer Space than three Calendar Months; and such Serjeant, by virtue of any such Precept issued upon Execution awarded against the Goods of ally such Party, shall and may, and is hereby impowered to levy by Distress and i Sale of the Goods of such Party* being within the said City and Liberties, such Sum or Sums of Money And Costs as shall be so ordered, decreed, and adjudged; and if the Party against whose Body or Goods

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 16. 161

any such Execution shall be awarded, and Process thereupon shall issue, shall by absconding, or by fecre- P^rtie* «b-ting or removing his, her, or their Goods, or by any other Means, prevent or evade the Service or Effect of any such Execution, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or |Jon " bc co" more of them, assembled in such Court, being a Majority of the said Court; upon due Proof thereof awarded, made to them, by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, at their Discretion, to award farther Execution either against the Body or Goods of such Party, and Process shall issue thereupon, and be served by one of the Serjeants of the said Court in Manner aforesaid, until the Plaintiff or untu plaintiff U Plaintiffs shall be fully paid and Satisfied: And in case the said Court shall at any Time, upon the Re- fctisfied. quest, and for the Ease and Convenience of the Defendant or Defendants, order, decree; or adjudge, a Debt due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to be paid by several Payments; then, upon the first Default or Upon Failure of Failure of any of the said Payments so ordered, decreed, and adjudged, the said Commissioners, or any Debts by three or more of them, assembled in such Court, being a Majority of the said Court, shall and may, at E^uTio^o be the Instance of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and upon due Proof of the said Default or Failure, award Exe- awvded°for the cution for the whole Debt, or such Part thereof as shall then remain unpaid, together with such farther whole.

Costs as to them shall seem reasonable, to be recovered by the same Methods and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of the Debt and Costs first decreed; the former Order, Decree, or Judgement, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon every Precept to be issued, upon cwk toiodorfe Execution awarded against the Body or Goods of any Person or Persons, the Clerk of the said Court shall pebu and Cost» indorse, or cause to be indorsed, the Sum or Sums and Costs so ordered, decreed, and adjudged: And if latbeSoomoni. the Party or Parties against whom such Execution shall be awarded respectively, shall, before any actual And If the Par-Sale of the Goods, or before he, she, or they, is or ate apprehended, or before the Expiration of the li« Term of his, her, or their Imprisonment, pay or cause to be paid, or tendered unto the Clerk of the said

Court, such Sum or Sums and Costs, together with one Shilling, as a Reward for his Trouble in receiving fu|^fed«d. and paying over the said Debt and Costs, and entering Acknowledgement and Satisfaction in full for the Sum; and also the Sum of two Shillings and six Pence for Gaol Fees (in case such Person or Persons shall have been committed to Prison) then, and in any such Case, the Execution shall be superseded, and the Body or Goods of the said Party or Parties shall be discharged and set at Liberty.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Privilege or pretended Privilege Privilege aot shall bc allowed to exempt any Person liable to be summoned by virtue of this Act, from the Turifdictfon allowed to At-of the said Court of Requests, on account of his being a sworn Attorney or Solicitor of any of the Courts lor*"* at WeAminfltr, or of any other Court whatsoever.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Serjeant of the said Court, Serjeant neg-who shall be employed to serve an Execution, shall, by wilful or notorious Neglect or Connivance, cause i Kng hi*

or (offer the Party against whom such Execution shall be awarded, to escape or abscond, or the Goods of £^?,topaytM such Party to be carried away or secreted, so that such Execution shall not have its due Effect, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled at any such Court, being a Majority of the said Court, upon Complaint made, and due Proof thereof, upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to order such Serjeant to pay the Sum or Sums of Money, for which the said Execution was awarded, to the Party complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof, by the same Methods and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of other Debts.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Fees hereafter limited Few. and expressed, and no other, shall be taken by the said Clerk and Serjeants for their several and respedhre Services in the Execution of this Act; that is to say.

For entering the Cause, to the Clerk -

For issuing every Summons, to the Clerk -

For Service of every Summons in the City or Liberties, and attending the Court with ? Return, to the Serjeants - 3

For every Hearing, to the Clerk -

For every Order, to the Clerk -

For Making and Entering every Order, to the Clerk -

For Service of every Order against a Party (in the City or Liberties) not in Court, and?

o

o

o o

o

o

attending with Return, to the Serjeants

For a Nonsuit on the PlaintifPs not appearing, to the Clerk For an Attachment against the Defendant for not appearing, to the Clerk To the Serjeants -

For Service thereof in the City or Liberties -

For acknowledging Satisfaction thereof, to the Clerk For an Execution, to the Clerk -

To the Serjeants, for Service thereof in the City or Liberties For a Subpcenjy to the Clerk -

To the Serjeants for Service thereof in the City or Liberties For paying Money into Court, to the Clerk For every Search of the Books, to the Clerk -

Vol.X. Y

-f

o o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

d.

6

6

3

6

6

3

3

6

6

3

3

4 o 6 3

I

A Table

j6a

Clerk or Serjeants talcing greater Fees,

to forfeit 40 s.

and if guilty of notorious Misbehaviour.

may be removed.

Commissioner*, A-c. not to ftc where interested.

Penalty on Persons infuhing the Court.

Debts under 40 s. not to be iued for in any ther Court*

C. 16. Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 176^.

A Table of which Fees shall from time to time be hung up by the Clerk of the said Court, in some con* fnicuous Part of the said Court or Place where the said Commissioners shall meet, so that all Persons who-mall attend the said Court may fee apd read the same.

XVLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Clerk for the time being of the said Court, or the Serjeants of the said Court for the time being, or any of them, shall knowingly take or demand any greater or other Fee or Fees than as herein mentioned, upon Complaint and due Proof thereof, upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, made in open Court, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, being a Majority of the said Court, shall, and they are hereby impowered and required from' time to time to punish such Offender by Fine, not exceeding forty Shillings for one Offence, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattles, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, rendering to the Owner the Overplus, if any, after the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted which Fine and Fines when recovered shall be paid to the Mayor of the said City for the time being, to be by him distributed among the Poor of the said City and Liberties, in such Manner as he shall think fit; and if the Clerk or Serjeants of the said Court, or any or either of them for the time being, shall be guilty of any notorious Misbehaviour, either by taking or demanding greater or other Fees than as aforesaid, or otherwise, in the Execution of their respective Offices, upon Complaint made, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, in open Court, hear and inquire into the Matter of the said Misbehaviour, by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, and shall, if they* being a Majority of the said Court, think fit, certify the Particulars of the said Misbehaviour, with the Proofs thereof, unto the Mayor of the said City for the time being, who, shall thereupon cause all the said Commissioners to be summoned to meet at a convenient Time and Place, and shall lay the Particulars of such Complaint before the Commissioners assembled pursuant to such Summons, who shall take the same into Consideration, and may, according to their Discretion, suspend or remove the said Clerk, or Serjeant or Serjeants, so offending, from his or their said Office or Offices, and nominate or appoint other fit and able Person or Persons to exercise the said Office or Offices respectively, in the Place and Stead of him os them so removed.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the Commissioners of the said Court, for the time being, shall be Party to, or interested in, any Cause depending in the said Court, such Person shall not be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the hearing or determining the said Cause* or making any Order, Decree, or Judgement therein but after being heard in the said Cause, shall withdraw until the same is finally determined; and if the Clerk, or other Officer of the said Court for the time being, shall be a Party to, or interested in, any Cause depending in the said Court, such Clerk, or other Officer, shall not exercise his said Office in the said Cause, or any Thing relating thereto, but the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled at such Court, being a Majority of the said Court, shall and may appoint another Person to exercise the Office of such Clerk, or other Officer respectively, in all Things relating to such Cause.

XX. And, for the more effectual Establishment of the said Court, and that the Commissioners thereof, may be vested with a proper Authority, and be free and exempt from Insult and Abuse, be it enacted btr the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall contemptuously and wilfully insult or abuse. all or any of the Commissioners, or other Officers of the said Court for the time being, during their fitting-in the said Court, or going to or from the said Court, or shall interrupt or obstrudi the Proceedings of the said Court, it shall and may be lawful for the Serjeant or Serjeants of the said Court, with or without the Assistance of any other Person or Persons, by Order of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, being a Majority of the said Court, to take such Offender or Offenders into Custody, and carry him, her, or them, before the Mayor, or any other Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City and Liberties; and upon the Insult, Abuse, or other Misbehaviour as aforesaid, being duly proved%by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, the said Mayor, Justice or Justices, shall punish every such Offender, either by Fine, not exceeding forty Shillings upon any one Person for any one Offence, to be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Offender, or Imprisonment in the Prison of the said City, for any Space of Time not exceeding two Calendar Months; and where the said Mayor or Justices shall have imposed a Fine upon such Offender, and there shall not be found sufficient Goods of such Offender whereupon such P'ine can be levied, the said Mayor* Justice or Justices, shall and may, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, commit the said Offender to the Prison of the said City, there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding three. Calendar Months; and all such Fines as aforesaid shall, when raised or levied, be paid and applied in like' manner as the Fines herein before-mentioned are directed to be paid and applied; and the said Clerk of the said Court for the time being shall, from time to time, cause a true Copy of this Clause to be fixed up in the said Court or Place where the said Commissioners shall meet, in some conspicuous Part thereof, where the Persons resorting to the said Court may fee and read the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit for any Debt not amounting to the Value of forty Shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this Act in the said Court of Requests, and concerning which any Order, Decree, or Judgement, shall have been before made or given in the said Court of Requests, shall be brought against any Person or Persons in any other Court whatsoever; and such Order, Decree, or Judgement, being pleaded or given in Evidence on the General Issue of such Action or Suit, shall, as to the Matter contained therein, be an effectual Bar to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit; and the Registers or Books of Entry of the said Court, or true Copies attested under the Hand of the Clerk' of the said Court of Requests for the time being, and proved by

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 16. 163

the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall be deemed legal Evidence of the Acts and Proceedings of the said Court of Requests; and no Suit which shall be commenced in the said Proceeds not Court of Requests, in pursuance of this Act, nor any Proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into rciB0V«abie« any funerior Court, but the same shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

XXII. Prov ided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any thing Whit D*bt« thU therein contained, shall not extend to any Debt for Rent upon any Lease or Contract, where the Tide A a rtuil not of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, can or may come in question; nor to any Debt, Matter, extend to.

or Thing, that shall or may arise upon or in any wise relate to or concern any Cause of Testament or Matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Courts; nor for any Debt for any Money or Thing won at, or by means of any Horse Race, Cock Match, Wager, or any Kind of Gaming or Play; nor for any Forfeiture upon any Penal Statute or Bye Law; nor to any Debt whereof there has not been a Contract, Acknowledgment, Undertaking, or Promise, to pay within six Years before the taking out the Summons, although the same shall be under the Value of forty Shillings.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Per foil or Persons, in making Penalty on Per-Oath or giving Evidence in any Cause or Matter depending in the said Court of Requests, pursuant to son* eui!tr of this Act, mall commit wilful and corrupt Perjury, such Person or Persons, being duly convicted thereof PerJury according to Law, shall incur and suffer such Pains and Penalties as any other Person or Persons convicted

of wilful and corrupt Perjury, is, are, or shall be subject and liable to by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Keepers for the time and on Keepers being of the Common Gaol or Prison within the said City, shall and they are hereby required to receive of p.r,suns and take into their Custody respectively, all and every Person and Persons who shall be committed, or j^t,ns ordered to stand committedf by any three or more of the said Commissioners present in Court, being the u Majority of such Court, or by virtue of any Warrant, Attachment, Execution, or other Process issuing

out of the said Court of Requests; and in case the Keeper of the said Gaol or Prison respectively, shall neglect or refuse to receive and take into his Custody any Person or Persons committed by virtue of this Act, or shall, before the Expiration of the Time for which any Person or Persons shall be committed to his Custody, discharge such Person or Persons out of his Custody, or wilfully suffer such Person or Persons to go at large without a Warrant or Order for that Purpose in'Writing, signed in Court by three or more of the said Commissioners, being a Majority of the said Commissioners present; such Keeper reflectively offending in either of the said cases, and being thereof convicted before any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City and Liberties, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or upon his own Confession, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, a Sum rot exceeding five Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices, and such Sum shall be immediately paid by the Person so offending, into the Hands of the Justice before whom such Offender shall be convicted, or in Default thereof, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus, if anyf be, to such Offender, the Charges of such levying being the reout first deduded; which Forfeiture, when paid or levied, shall be immediately paid and applied in like Manner as the Fines herein before-mentioned are directed to be paid and applied.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Attorney of any Court of Record Attornies not t* shall be admitted to appear in the said Court of Requests, as Attorney or Advocate in Behalf of any be Advocate*. Plaintiff or Defendant, or to be admitted to speak in any Cause or Matter before the said Court, in which such Attorney is not himself a Party or Witness, under a Penalty of twenty Pounds; to be levied and applied as above-mentioned, with respect to Keepers of the said Gaol or Prison; nor shall any such Attorney ad as a Commissioner in the said Court of Requests; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons Penalty on redding within the said City or Liberties shall be duly served with a Subpoena or Summons, to be issued by witrx-fTes not the Clerk of the said Court of Recjuefts, at a Time and PJace in such Subpoena or Summons mentioned, attending. to give Evidence on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, and shall neglect or refuse to appear pursuant to such Subpoena or Summons, and due Proof being made of the Service of such Subpoena or Summons, and no Cause of Absence being shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners present at the Court to which such Person shall be by such Subpoena or Summons required to appear, and Oath being made before the same Commissioners by the Party or Parties, at whose Instance, or on whose Behalf such Sutiarna or Summons issued, that the Person or Persons served therewith, was or were a material Witness or tViineflea for such Party or Parties, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners', or any three or more of them, assembled in such Court, and being a Majority of them, to impose a Fine, not exceeding fifty Shillings, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Ollender’s Goods, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Offender, the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted; which Fine, when paid or levied, shall be paid over to the Party or Parties at whose instance, or on whose Behalf such Subpoena or Summons issued.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Writ shall be sued out against. Com-

nor any Copy of any Process, nt the Suit of any Person or Persons, shall be served on, any of the said no* to be <<rv<4 Commissioners, or any of the Officers of the said Court, for the time being, for any thing by him or them profo

done ifl the Execution of his or their respective Office or Offices, until Notice in Writing of such intended \ '’K~

Y 2 Writ 8

164 C. 17.

Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

May tender

Au.Cttd?.

Writ or Process shall have been delivered to him or them, or left at the usual PJace of his or their Abode, by the Attorney or Agent for the Party who intends to ftie, or cause the same to be sued or served, at least one Calendar Month before the filing out or serving the same; in which Notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained the Cause of Action which such Paity hath, or claimeth to hare, against such Commissioner or Officer; on the Back of which Notice shall be indorsed the Name of such Attorney or Agent, together with the Place of his Abode; who shall be intitled to have the Fee of twenty Shil-i.i gs for the preparing and serving of such Notice, and no more.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Commissioner or Officer, at any Time within one Calendar Month after such Notice given as aforesaid, to tender Amends to the Party complaining, or to his Attorney or Agont; and, in case the same shall not be accepted, to plead such Tender >n Bir to any-Action to be brought against him grounded on such Writ or Process, together with the Plea of Not Guilty, and any other Plea with Leave of the Court; and if upon Issue joneJ thereon, the Jury shall find the Amends so tendered to have been sufficient, then they shall give a Verdict for the Defendant; and in such Case, or in case the Plaintiff shall become uonfuittd, or shall discontinue his or her Action, or in case Judgement dull be given for such Defendant or Defendants, upon Demurrer, such Defendant shall be intitled to the like Costs as be would have been intitled unto in case he had pleaded the General Issue only; and if upon Issue so joined, the Jury shall find that no Amends were tendered, or that the same were not sufficient, or shall find against the Defendant or Defendants in such other Plea or Pleas, then they shall give a Verdict: for the Plaintiff, and such Damages as they shall think proper, which he or she shall recover, together with his or her Costs of Suit.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no such Plaintiff shall recover any Verdict against such Commissioner or Officer in any Case where the Action shall be grounded on any Act of the Defendantasa Commissioner or Officer, unless it is proved upon the Trial of such Action, that such Notice was given as aforesaid; but in Default thereof, such Commissioner or Officer shall recover a Verdict and Costs as aforesaid.

Comnvflmners

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case such Commissioner or Officer P*? M°ncy (ha]i neglect to tender any Amends, or shall have tendered insufficient Amends before the Action brought, into Court. ;t flla|i an(j may JawFuI for him, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time

before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he shall see fit; whereupon such Proceedings, Orders, and Judgements, shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

Cause of Action

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Evidence shall be permitted to be given by the Plaintiff on to l.jnfencdinrheTrial of any such Action as aforesaid, of any Cause of Action, except such as is contained in the the Notice. Notice hereby directed to be given.

Publick a a.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged,

and taken to be a Publick Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, or other Persons whomsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

Plaintiff* not to retover unless Noiice proved.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for explaining and amending so much of an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of King James the Second, intituled An additional Act for the Improvement of Tillage, as relates to the City of London.

Preamble, te- < WHEREAS by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King James the Aa^i lac!* W Second, intituled An additional Improvement of Tillage, it is enacted, That from and after the

c. 4 Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel then next, and from thence forward, it shall and may be lawful to

and for all and every the Justices of the Peace for the several and respective Counties within his Majesty's Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales y and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, wherein Foreign Corn or Grain shall or may be thereafter imported, and they, and every of them, are thereby enjoined and required, at their next respective Quarter Sessions after Michaelmas and Easter Dayr yearly, by the Oaths of two or more honest and substantial Persons of the respective Counties, being neither Merchant! 4 nor Factors for the importing of Corn, nor any Ways concerned nor interested in the Corn so imported, and each of them having a freehold Estate of twenty Pounds per Annum, or a Leasehold Estate of fifty Pounds per Annum, above all Charges and Reprizes, and being skilful in the Prices of Corn (whion Oaths all and every the said Justices are thereby impowered to administer) and, by such other Ways and Means as to them shall seem fit, to examine and determine the Common Market Prices of middling a*) Alt 22 Car. English Corn and Grain of the respective Sorts mentioned in an Act of Parliament made in the two and s. c. 13. < twentieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Improvement of Tillage and the Breed of Cattle, as the same shall be commonly bought and sold in the said respective Counties into which any Foreign Corn or Grain shall be imported; and to certify the same, with two such Oaths made as aforesaid, in Writing annexed, unto his Majesty's Chief Officer and Collector of the Custotns for the time bring, residing in the said i*espective Ports or Havens where the said Corn or Grain shall be imported, to be hung up in some publick Place in the Custom House, to which all Persons may € resort for their Information; And it is thereby further enacted, That from and after the said Feast of

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 18, 19. 165

Saint Michael the Archangel then next, the Custom and Duty of Foreign Corn and Grain imported into any of his Majesty's said Dominions of England, Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, appointed by the said Act of the twenty-second of King Charles the Second, to be paid, shall be collected and paid according to the Prices contained in such respective Certificates as aforesaid, and not otbei wife; any Thing in the said Act of King James the Second, or in any other Law or Statute, contained to the contrary notwithstanding: And it is thereby provided and further enacted, That all that, by virtue of the said Act of King James the Second, was to be done by the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions.in 4 their several Counties, shall be done and performed in like Manner in the City of London, in the Months of October and April yearly, by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices of Peace there; and that the Persons *"?

Justices of the Peace for the City of London, for examining and determining the common Market Prices don> ar®im' |t 4 of middling English Corn and Grain, only in the Months of October and April yearly, is found incftecr{JJ]^J^ Jirtueof tual to answer the good Purposes of the said Act :’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent the recited Act Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, may be done by in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all that by virtue of the Juices the said Act is to be done by the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions in their several Counties, shall, S^"rtV1Scn,/)ns» from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September next, be done and performed in like Manner in the January *° City of London, not only in the Months of October and April yearly, but also in the Months of January July, as well at and Juh yearly, by the Mayor. Aldermen, and Justices of Peace there 5 and that the Persons making such in October and Oaths shall be no Cornchandlcr, Meatman, Factor, Merchant, or other Person interested in such Corn to vc*r,r-. be imported, but shall be feme substantial Housekeepers living in Middlesex or Surry, qualified as aforesaid; o^h"* any Thing in the said Act, or in any Law or Statute contained to the contrary notwithstanding. ftAmi^House-

k^tpcis in Mid*

CAP. XVIII. dlesex or Soxrjr.-

9 Cico. 3. c. rg*

An Act to amend and render more effectual, in his Majesty's Dominions in America, an Act past in this Sec 5 Geo. 3. present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the Trade and Manufacture of Leather

Gloves and Mitts in this Kingdom.

WHEREAS, till of late Years, great Quantities of Foreign Kid and Lamb Skins were yearly Preamble*

imported into this Kingdom, in order to be manufactured into Gloves and Mitts, to the great Benefit of Trade, and Employment of the Poor in the Manufacture thereof: And whereas large Quantities of Foreign manufactured Leather Gloves and Mitts are clandestinely brought into this Kingdom,

whereby not only the Revenue is defrauded, but many thousands of his Majesty's Subjects, employed in the Manufacture of Leather Cloves and Mitts, are deprived of the Means of providing for themselves and their Families: And whereas the preventing the Importation of such Foreign manufactured Leather Gloves and Mitts, would tend to the Increase of the Trade and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and would also encourage the Importation of Foreign Kid and Lamb Skins May it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Foreign manufactured Leather Gloves or Mitts shall. from and after from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty^fix, be imported, 1766,

brought, or conveyed into this Kingdom, or any Part of the British Dominions, the same shall be, and a,lf^re,g" are hereby declared to be, forfeited, and shall be liable to be searched for and seized by any Officer or "hero'iornor*" Officers of the Customs or Excise, in like Manner as other prohibited and uncustomed Goods are; and Micts brought shall be disposed of as is herein after mentioned: And every Person or Persons who shall bring, convey, or into any Part of import, or shall cause to be brought, conveyed, or imported, into this Kingdom, or any Part of the British the British D©-Dominions, any such Leather Gloves or Mitts, or shall be aiding, abetting, or assisting therein; or, being a Vender or Venders, Retailer or Retailers, of any Kind of Leather Gloves or Mitts, in whose Custody or t,re* Possession any such Foreign manufactured Leather Gloves or Mitts shall be found; or who shall fell, or importer, Ven* expose to Sale, any such Leather Gloves or Mitts; or who shall conceal any such Leather Gloves or Mitts, <fcr, Retailer, with Intent to prevent the Forfeiture or Seizure of the same; shall, over and above the Forfeiture and Loss^BxPofer loSaIe» of such Leather Gloves and Mitts, and all Interest which he, she, or they, may have therein, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds, together with Double Costs of Suit. moreorWaooi,

\ with Double Costt of Sait.

11. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Leather Any of the said Gloves or Mitts shall be found and seized in that Part of Great Britain called England, out of the Cities Ooo6% feited i« of London and Westminster, and the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and the same shall not ex—°"t of ceed in Value the Sum of twenty Pounds, it shall and may be lawful for two or more of ttis Majesty's Juf-

5 ticcs-

rt>6 C. 19.

Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

tices of the Peace for such County, City, Borough, or Place, where the same shall be found and seized, upon Information before them that such Leather Gloves or Mitts were seized as Leather Gloves or Mitts unduly brought into and not manufactured within this Kingdom, to hear and determine the same, and to proceed to Condemnation or Discharge thereof as shall seem just; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Westminster, and Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, not exceeding 201. in

Value, may be proceeded against before, and determined by two Justicei j

Possessor;

and the PoflcfTcr

If the Goods are

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after Condemnation thereof in due condemned, they Course of Law, all and every such Leather Gloves and Mitts shall be publickly fold, to the belt Advantage, liTkT foldUfor ^or ExPortation» by the Candle; and one Moiety of the Produce, or Money arising by the Sale of such Exportation^ Leather Gloves or Mitts, shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other and one Moiety Moiety thereof to the Use of the Officer or Officers who shall seize and secure the same: And no such of the Produce Leather Gloves or Mitts shall be consumed or used in this Kingdom, but shall be exported again to some 4s to go to the Port or p|ace not being any Part of his Majesty's Dominions; and shall not be fold, otherwise than on othermiheOffi- Condition to be exported as aforesaid: And such Leather Gloves and Mitts shall not be delivered out of the ccr. and Secu- Warehouse, or Place wherein the same shall have been secured, until sufficient Security be first given to rityisto be given the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, which the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs or Ex-forthcdueEx- cife are hereby impowered and required to take, that the same, and every Part thereof, shall be exported port »tion there- as aforesaid, and not landed again in any Part of his Majesty's Dominions; which Securities shall be dif-very of the same charged without Fee or Reward, upon Certificate returned under the common Seal of the Chief Magistrate ©ut of the Ware- in any Place or Places beyond the Seas, and out of his Majesty's Dominions, or under the Hands and Seals house where fe- of two known English Merchants upon such Place, that the Goods were there landed; or upon Proof, by cu^dj which i$ credible Persons, that such Goods were taken by Enemies, or perished in the Seas 5 the Examination u° on a Return* an£* ^ro°* thereof being left to the Judgement of the said Commissioners: Which Commissioners are hereby oHcmificatr respectively impowered, from time to time, to call upon the Person or Persons who have entered into such or Proof of such Security, to produce such Certificate or Proof as aforesaid.

Exportation.

In case of Doubt

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Leather Gloves or Mitts

whether such Aiall be seized, by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, and any Doubt or Question shall afterwards arise* Goods are of where the famq were manufactured, the Proof shall lie upon the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Foreign Manu- possession the same were found, and not upon the Prosecutor or Prosecutors, Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; and OnuVprobandi *n ca^e no Pro°f shall be g*veni that such Leather Gloves or Mitts were manufactured within Great Brils to lie on the ^atny then the same shall, without any further Proceeding, be taken and held to have been manufactured out of Great Britain, and contrary to, and in Violation of, this Act* any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

- V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, in whose Custody or

(nut importing Possession any such Leather Gloves or Mitts shall be seized by virtue and in pursuance of this Act (such or concealing Person or Persons not importing or concealing the same) shall discover, upon Oath, before any one or the same) but niore Justice or Justices of the Peace, the Person or Persons who fold such Leather Gloves or Mitts to VendcV,1"*as be such erson or Persons in whose Custody or Possession the same shall be seized, so as that such Person or way be profecu- Persons, so felling the same, shall or may be prosecuted and convicted, according to the Intent of this Act, ted to Convitti- as the Seller thereof, in case the same shall be, or be taken and held to be, within the Intent and Meaning of on, is discharged this Act, manufactured out of Great Britain, such Person or Persons, so discovering as aforesaid, shall be, m^Forfeit u an(* ls anc* are hereby freed and discharged of and from all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures*by this and from giving Act inflicted upon all and every Person and Persons, being a Vender or Venders, Retailer or Retailers, Proof as to the having in his, her, or their Custody or Possession any such Leather Gloves or Mitts not made or manufac-riace of their tured in Great Britain; and of and from any Proof that the same, so seized as aforesaid, were manufactured in Great Britain.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures, by this Act imposed, shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at V/cjhninjhr, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, respectively, by Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General, or in the Name of his Majesty's Advocate in Scotland, ami Applieat:0/1 or in the Narnc or Names of some Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise; and that one Moiety of 1 :co every such Penalty and Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, who shall inform and prosecute for the same, officer reg-

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if any Officer or Officers of the Customs lect.ng for one or Excise shall neglect or refuse, for the Space of one Calendar Month after such Condemnation as afore-Month to profc-ro prosecute to Effect any Person or Persons, for any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture by this Act 'ccunuVpc- HifliiSIed upon Offenders against the same; that then it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whom-n'ltyl'any ether f°cycr to sue for, prosecute, and recover, the respective pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act Fciion may iue inflicted, in like Manner as is herein before directed, with regard to the Officers of the Customs or Exfora nd recover cife; and one Moiety of the said pecuniary Forfeitures, when recovered, shall, in such Case, go and be the ume. applied to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Person or Persons who shall fuc or prosecute for the same respectively.

The Weavers of

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act such Goods are contained shall extend, or be in any wise construed to extend, to subject any Person or Persons who shall not subjttt to wcafj or make use of, such Leather Gloves or Mitts as aforesaid, as Part of his, her, or their Apparel or

DrcCr

Manufacture.

Recovery of Penalties and Forfeiture*;

any Penalty,

167

Forfeiture, or

Proof, upon that Account.

This Act doc* ncl extend to rrpral any of the Powers of the Act of 11 Geo. 1. c. 30.

with regard to Seizures of pro*, hibited or run Goods*

A.D. 1766. Anno (exto Georgii III. c. 20.

Drcfs only, to any Forfeiture, or to any pecuniary Penalty or Penalties inflicted by this Act, or to any Proof that the same were manufactured within Great Britain.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed or deemed to extend, in any wise to repeal any of the Powers and Authorities granted in and by an Act made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for more effectual preventing Frauds and Abuses in the public

Revenues; for preventing Frauds in the Salt Duties, and for giving Relief for Salt used in the curing c of Salmon and Cod Fish, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, exported from that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ for enabling the Insurance Companies to plead the General Issue € in Actions brought against them; and for l'ecuring the Stamp Duties upon Policies of Insurancewith regard to Seizures of any prohibited or run Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodities.

A. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Suit, may plead the General issue, and give this Act, and the Special Ooneril Ifluo*. Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done-by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear to have been so done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants: And if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer agahift the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as Defendants have in (/her Cases by Law.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, in every such Action, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall be depending, at any Time before issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall see fit, as Amends for the Matter or cause complained of in such Action; whereupon such Proceedings, Orders, and Judgements, shall and may be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

CAP. XX.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough of Derby*.

and the Liberties thereof.

WHEREAS within the Town and Borough of Derby, in the County of Derbsy and the Liberties Prtarabtet*.

thereof, there are several considerable Manufactures, as Throwing of Silk, Wooll-combing, and Frame-work Knitting, which employ great Numbers of People who contract many Small Debts, which* in the Whole, amount yearly to a great Sum of Money; and although they are well able, refuse to pay such Debts, presuming on the Difficulties their Creditors lie under by the Expence they are unavoidably put to, and the Delays they meet with in suing for the same: And whereas a more easy and speedy Method of recovering Small Debts, within the said Borough and Liberties thereof, would, tend to improve the Trade thereof, and to support useful Credit therein ;* May it therefore picafe your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Samuel Cromptony Hugh Bateman, '‘John Gijborney Ccraraifl»nen£|, Thomas Coke, Thomas Bainbrigge% William Evans Mayor, Thomas Borrow Recorder, Joshua Cromptony IViLiam Forrester, Henry Thornhill\ Nicholas Thornhilly Phillip Barnes, Francis Ashby, Francis Rivett,

Thomas Mechlin, George Alellor, Efuuires; the Reverend /Til ham Chambers D. D. the Reverend Joshua Winter y John Seal, H nry Ofjky Wrighty Thomas AIanlovey Brer cion, Charles Hope, and John

Bakewelly Clerks; William Hope, Snowden White, William Butter, Henry Tatum, Doctors of Phyhtk;

Ttzmas AUjopy Samuel Aiij\py I Til Ham Ai’Jopy George Alt, jojeph BakewelL Thomas Bennett, Thomas Bennett junior, John Bingham, Joseph Bingham, John Bingham junior, John Bloodworthy George Brentnally John

Treble Ooftt.

Defendant all lowed, before Issue joined, to pay Money into Court.

As to Silk.

Gloves and Mitts, See 5 Geo. 3. c. 4W

tilbert F:jr, Samuel Foxy Samuel Fcx Bookseller, Francis Foxy Daniel Gl:ijbpy Robert Grayfony John Har~ rtion Surgeon, Samuel Hajlam, John Hcaford, John Heath, Chrijiother 1death, John Homjray, John Hope junior, Robert Hopey Matthew How Matter, Francis Hurdy Edward Holingjhendy Richard Johnfony Thomas. Jhhnfony Thomas John Ion of The Morlidge, George Killer, Marshall Killery William Lcapcv, Thomas Lotuy, Thomas Mather, Ralph Melianl, John Meynell Surgeon, Francis Ales nelly Fairfax Morcfty, Richard Notony mi him Partril'Cy James Phillips, George Richard Jony Jeremiah Roey George Roey John Roe Maltster,

‘ C.% /m 1 r C. 1> A*. *Y» /X... v* 0- M. //». /1a I' j /» F. FA*!/ — - F* a C m«# A CXi ^FTLi t so j IItf r

James Tomlinson, ohn Webjhry John

irjiy Samuel lPildy Sarnia I IPillctty Robert IP infield, William Woolaty Richard Wright, Richard. Wright junior. Surgeon, shall be, and are hereby declared, constituted, and appointed, Commissioners to hear and determine all such Matters of Debt as‘are herein after-mentioned: and such Commissioners, Aivd their SuccdVors, are hereby constituted a Court of Justice, by the Name of The Court of Requests

foe

con/titutal 1 Comet t

i68

C. 20.

Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

Their Power.

Clerk and Serjeants appointed.

for the Town and Borough of Derby% and the Liberties thereof and they the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, lnall, and are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, to meet, assemble, and hold the said Court on every Tuesday three Weeks, or oftener, if there shall be Occasion, in the Town Hall within the said Town and Borough, or some convenient Place to be appointed by the major Part of the said Commissioners as shall be present at any such Meeting; and the first Meeting of the said Commissioners shall be held on the Tuefdcty three Weeks next after the passing of this Act.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners so named and appointed, and their Successors, to be chosen as herein after is mentioned, or any three or more of them, from time to time assembled as aforesaid, shall have Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to hear and, determine all such causes as hereafter are mentioned, and to give such Judgements, and make such Orders and Decrees therein, and to award such Execution thereupon, with Costs, both against the Bodies, and the Goods and Chattles, of all and every the Person and Persons against whom they shall give or make any such Judgment, Order, or Decree, as to them shall seem just, and most agreeable to Equity and good Conscience; and if the Commissioners so assembled shall happen to be equally divided upon any Question that may happen to come before them, the Commissioner present who lianas first in the List of Commissioners, to be hung up in the Court House, or Place where they shall meet, shall have the carting Vote. Election of new HX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from time to time, as often as it shall Commi loners. either by the Death of any of the said Commissioners herein before particularly named, or

of any or either of their Successors, to be chosen in Manner herein after mentioned, or by his or their refuting to act therein, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners hereby appointed, and their Successors, or any Nine of them, to meet and assemble together, within the Space of one Year next after such Death or Refusal to act, and elect and appoint, under their Hands and Seals, ope or more Commissioner or Commissioners in the Stead and Place of such Commissioner or Commissioners so dyine or refusing to act; and every such Commissioner, so elected and appointed, shall be, and is hereby, enabled to act in the Execution of the Powers granted to the Commissioners hereby appointed, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he had been particularly named herein.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That William Merrill Locket shall be, and is hereby, constituted and appointed Clerk of the said Court of Requests; and that Henry Radford and Robert Broughton shall be, and are hereby, constituted and appointed Serjeants of the said Court of Requests; who shall continue Clerk and Serjeants of the said Court as long as he or they shall behave himself or themselves well in their respective Offices.

No Comfriffi- f V, Provided always, That no Commissioner shall be capable of holding the Office of Clerk, or any other ®*?cr to^, Jry Place of Profit belonging to the said Court.

a- Pf

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever it shall happen that the Clerk??*!Ser" ^acc of Cta* or Serjeant shall become vacant, either through Misbehaviour, Death, or Resignation, or jeantt!in Incapacity, the Commissioners for the time being shall meet at some convenient Place within six Days after such Vacancy shall happen 5 and a Majority of such Commissioners lb met, not being less than ten in Number, are hereby authorised and required, by Ballot, to choose and appoint, under their Hands and Seals, another fit and proper Person to be Clerk or Serjeant to the said Court during his good Behaviour.

Clerks to fixup

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk herein before named and LHU ot Com- chosen, and his Successors, so, from time to time, to be chosen and appointed, shall make, and causeto be fixed up in some convenient Part of the said Court-house, a fair and complete Lift of the Commissioners owrt‘ e i named and appointed, or hereafter to be elected and appointed, as aforesaid; and shall also and are hereby to MTueSum* impowered and required, to issue out all Summonics, Attachments, Warrants, and Precepts, and to inonfes, rc-j-egifter and enter, or cause to be entered and registered, all the Orders, Decrees, and Judgements, and giibr Orders, other Acts and Proceedings of the said Court, in proper Books to be provided by them, and kept for that Serjeants to Purpose; and that the Serjeants herein before named and chosen, or hereafter, from time to time, to be fexve Precepts, chosen and appointed as aforesaid, shall and are hereby impowered and required to serve and execute all such Summonses, Orders, Attachments, Warrants, Executions, and Precepts, and to do and perform such other Acts, Matters, and Things, as are herein directed and appointed to be done by them.

Power given to

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, for Debt lt an<* maY be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons whatsoever who now hath or have, under 40s. or hereafter shall have, any Debt or Debts, not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, due or owing unto him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own Right, or as&xecutor, Administrator, Guardian, or Trustee, by or from any other Person or Persons whatsoever inhabiting or residing within the Town and Borough of Derby, and Liberties thereof, or trading and dealing, or seeking a Livelihood therein, to apply to the Clerk of the Court for the time being, who shall immediately make out and deliver a Summons in Writing under his Hand, directed to such Debtor or Debtors, expressing the Sum demanded of him, her, or them, and the Name or Names of the Party or Parties demanding the same, thereby requiring and commanding such Debtor or Debtors to appear at a certain Time and Place before the Commissioners of the Method of Set* said Court, to answer such Demand 5 and the Serjeants of the said Court shall forthwith cause such Summons to be served on such Debtor or Debtors, either personally, or by leaving the same at the Dwelling-On Proof there-house or Place of Abode, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of Dealing or Working of, Commission of such Debtor or Debtors, within the said Town and Borough of Derby, and Liberties aforesaid; and cn to hear and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, upon Proof made of the Service of such determine. Summons, have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to make due Inquiry concerning such

Demands,

i6g

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 20.

Demands, and pronounce and give such final Sentence and Judgement, and make such Orders and Decrees therein, as to them shall Teem mod just and equitable.

IX. And for the better Discovery of the Truth, and for the more solemn Determination of all the causes and Matters which shall be depending in the said Court; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of Commissionm them, assembled in Court, and they are hereby impowered to administer an Oath to the Plaintiff or De- oltht. fendant, and to such Witness or Witnesses as shall be produced by either Party, and also to the Officers of the Court, and to any Person or Persons whatsoever, whose Evidence shall to the said Commissioners, or to the major Part of them, appear necessary.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if such Debtoror Debtors, who ffiill ^of.n^Ppcir' have been duly summoned as aforesaid, shall, without some good Cause to be allowed by the Commissioners, proceed refuse or neglect to appear in such Court at the Time and Place mentioned in the said Summons; then it «x panel shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, upon Proof

being made upon Oath of the Service of the said Summons in manner before diretfted, to proceed to hear the Cause on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and to make such Order, Decree, or Judgement therein, and award such Costs of Suit, as to them shall seem meet.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if upon the Day of the Return, or at On Von-anpnr-any Continuation or Adjournment of the said Court, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not appear, or appear-

ing shall not make Proof of his, her, or their Debt or Demand, to the Satisfaction of the Court, hut costs

become nonsuited; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to award to the Defendant or Defendants reasonable Costs, and to order and compel the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the same, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of Debts ordered and decreed to be paid by the said Court.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in any Case where the said Commis- CommUlioiw* sioners, or any three or more of them as aforesaid, shall have made any Order or Decree for the Payment

of Money, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, m to award'Execution either against the Body or Goods of the Paity against whom such Order or Orders shall be made; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk of the said Court, at the Request of the Party prosecuting such Order or Decree, to issue a Precept under his Hand and Seal, to one of the Serjeants of the said Court, who, by virtue of any such Precept issued upon the Execution awarded against the Body of such Party, shall and may and is hereby impowered to take and apprehend P*rty tot>e such Party, being within the Town and Borough of Derby and Liberties aforesaid, and carry him, her, comautted* or them, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction within the said Town and Borough or Liberties thereof, there to remain until he, she, or they, shall perform and obey such Order, Decree, or Judgement; so as no Person shall remain in Confinement upon any such Execution for any longer Space of Time than three Months; and the said Serjeant, by virtue of any such Precept issued upon the Execution Debt.&c tefee awarded against the Goods of any such Party, shall and may, and is hereby impowered to levy by Distress ,evied by Die. and Sale of the Goods of such Party, being within the said Town and Borough or Liberties thereof, such trcft and Sale* Sum and Sums of Money, and Costs, as shall be so ordered and decreed: And if the Party against whose Body or Goods any such Execution shall be awarded, and such Process shall issue thereupon, shall, by absconding, or by secreting, or removing his, her, or their Goods, or by any other Means, prevent or Party abscond. evade the Service and Effca. of any such Execution; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Coming, or r*'T0V" missioners, or any three or more of them, upon due Proof thereof made to them by the Oath or Oaths ,nfi 00 h of the Serjeant, or one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, at their Discretion, to award Execution Execution to cither against the Body or Goods of such Party; and Process shall issue thereupon, and be executed by lflwe# the Serjeant in Manner aforesaid, until the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be fully paid and satisfied.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners shall Debts may be at any Time, upon the Request and for the Ease and Convenience of the Defendant or Defendants, order pa,d ar several and decree the Debt due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, to be paid at several Payments; then, upon the first t,ness Default or Failure of any of the said Payments so ordered and decreed, the said Commissioners, or any Defendant lb Me three or more of them, assembled in Court, shall and may, ar the Instance of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, t©the whole and tipm due Proof of the said Default or Failure, award Execution for the whole Debt, or such Part <,um# thereof as flvfll then remain unpaid, together with such further Costs as- to them shall seem reasonable,

to he recovered by the me Process, and in like Manner, as is herein before provided for Recovery of the Debt and Costs first decreed; the former Order or Decree to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon every Precept to be issued upon Ctok to indorse

any Execution awarded against the Body or Goods of any Person or Persons whatsoever, the Clerk of 4,1,1

the said Court shall indorse and set down in Writing, the Sum or Sums of Money and Costs so ordered C9 srcclvw and decreed to be paid; and if the Party or Parties against whom such Execution shall be awarded, shall,

Vk fore any actual Sale of his, her, or their Goods, or before he, she, or they, is or are taken and apprehended, or btfere the Expiration of the Term of his, her, or their Imprisonmcnr, pr.y, or cause to be paid or tendered, to the Clerk of the Court who shall issue such Precept, such Sum or Sums of Money, and Costs, together with one Shilling as a Reward for his 'Double in receiving and paying over such Debt and Costs to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, dnd entering Acknowledgment of Satisfaction, in the Books or Register of the said Cour% for such Debt and Costs, and also the Sum of tv/o Shillings and six Pence ft r Gaol Fees (in case such Party or Parties shall have been committed to Prifnn); then, and in any such Elation m?y Case, the Execution shall be superseded, and the Body and Bodies or Goods of the said Party or Parties be tuperlaied, shall be discharged and set at Liberty.

170 C. 2p.

Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

serjeant* foffer.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Seqeant of the said Court, who to^fia^en^ant* en!P,oyed to ^erve or levy any Execution, shall, by wilful Connivance, or notorious Neglect,

Go'ods to b^re- cause or fuflfer the Party against whom such Execution shall be awarded, to escape or abscond, or the moved, to pay Goods of fucffi Party to be carried away or secreted, so that such Execution shall not have its due Effect; the Debt, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them* assembled ia Court, upon Complaint, and due Proof thereof made upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to order such Serjeant to pay the Sum or Sums of Money for which the said Execution was awarded, to the Party complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof by the same Method and Means as are herein before provided for the Recovery of other Debts.

Commissionm XVI. And, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting path} as a Commissioner tn the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken an Oath, or, being one of the

People called Quakers, a solemn Affirmation, to the following Effect; that is to say,

€ T jf. B. dofwear (or affirm) That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the best of € A my Judgment, hear and determine all such Matters and Things as shall he brought before me by € virtue of an Act of Parliament, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the 1 Town and Borough of Derby* and the Liberties thereof* without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Malice, to either Party.’

Menwfc! there- Which Oath or Affirmation the Clerk of the said Court, or any of the Commissioners who shall have o^to Mgifter- taken such Oath or Affirmation, is and are hereby impowered and required to administer in open Court p and a Memorial thereof shall be entered in the Register of the said Court, by the said Clerk.

Feet to be taken.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Fees hereafter limited and expressed, and no other, shall be taken by the said Clerk or Serjeants, for their several and respective Services in the Execution of this Act that is to say.

For ifluipg every Summons, to the Cleric - —« —

For Service of every Summons, and attending the Court with Return, to the Serjeant -

For entering Cause, to the Clerk ——

For every Hearing, to the Clerk — —» -

For every Order, to the Clerk - >---

For Service of every Order against a Person not in Court, and attending with Return* to the 7

Serjeants - - — J

For a Nonsuit on the Plaintiff’s not appearing, to the Cleric —» -

For an Attachment against the Defendant for not appearing, to the Clerk -

For the Service thereof, to the Serjeant ——

For acknowledging Satisfaction thereof, to the Clerk " -

For an Execution, to the Clerk ——

For the Service thereof, to the Serjeant —

For Subpoena^ to the Clerk ——

For the Service thereof, to the Serjeant ——

For paying Money into Court, to the Clerk -

For every Search in the Book, to the Clerk ——

I s.

0 0 s

0 0 3

0 0 6-

0 0 3

0 0 3

0 0 S

0 0 3

0 0 3

0 1 0

0 0 3

0 0 6

0 1 O;

0 0 3

0 0 2

0 0

0 0 2

Table of Feet to be hung up in the Court.

A Table of which Fees shall from time to time be hung up determined by the Clerk of the said Court, in forae conspicuous Part of the said Court-house or Place where the said Commissioners shall meet, so that all Persona concerned may fee and read the same.

Penalty on tak-,

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Clerk, or either of the Ser-ing.greater Fees, jeants of the said Court for the time being, shall take or demand any greater or other Fees or Rewards than what are above-mentioned, for his Services in the Execution of this Act, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay such Fine, not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall aiiefs and impose, to be paid to the Mayor of the said Town and Borough for the time being, and by him applied to the Use of the Poor of the said Town and Borough and Liberties thereof, in such Manner as he shall judge proper.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if such Clerk, or either of such Serjeants, shall be guilty of any notorious Misbehaviour, ekher by Neglect or Breach of Duty, or in frequently taking greater Fees than before-mentioned, or otherwise, in the Discharge of their respective Offices, upon Complaint and due Proof thereof made upon Oarh in open Court, the said Commissioners then fitting, are hereby directed and required to cause the whole Number of Commissioners to be funrr-moned to meet at a convenient Time and Place; and the said Commissioners then present, not being less than ten, shall and may examine and consider the Merits of such Complaint; and if it shall appear to such Commissioners, or the major Part of them, that the said Clerk or Serjeant hath !> *en guilty of such Misbehaviour or Breach of Duty as aforesaid, in his Office, it shall and may he lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, to dismiss or remove such Clerk or Serjeant from his said Office, and nominate and appoint another fit and proper Person to exerc ife the said Office of Clerk or Serjeant, in the Room and Place of him so dismissed and removed as aforesaid.

Officers may be displaced.

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 20. 171

XX. ' And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if apy or either of the Commissioners Commissioneri of the said Court for the time being shall be Party to, or interested in, any Cause depending in the said ?r cle*j* whe" Court, such Person shall not be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the hearing and determining the ||^rc *not said Cause, or making any Order, Decree, or Judgement therein; but, after being heard in the said Cause,

<hall withdraw from the said Court until the same is finally determined; and if the Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court for the time being, shall be a Party to, or interested in, any Cause depending in the said Court, such Clerk or Serjeant shall not exercise his said Office in the said Cause, or any thing relating thereto; but the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled at such Court, shall and may depute and appoint another Person to exercise the Office of such Clerk or Serjeant respectively, in all Things relative to such Cause.

XXI. And, for the more effectual Establishment of the said Court of Requests, and for the better en- Penalty on Per# forcing the Orders and Decrees from time to time to be made by the said Commissioners, and that the said fom infulcinf Commissioners may be inverted with proper Power and Authority, and be free and exempt from Infuit and the Court. Abuse, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if*'any Person or Persons shall contemptuously affront,

infuit, or abuse, all or any of the Commissioners or the Officer or Officers of the said Court for the time being, during their fitting in the find Court; or in going to, or returning from, the same, or shall interrupt the Proceedings of the said Court; it shall and may be lawful to and for the Serjeants of the said Court, by Order of the said Commissioners then fitting, or any three or more of them, to take such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, before the Mayor, or any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Town and Borough and Liberties thereof; and upon the Fact alleged being proved by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, the said Justice or Justices are hereby impowered and directed to punish such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, by Fine not exceeding twenty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings, which shall be immediately paid into the Hands of the said Mayor, Justice Or Justices, before whom such Offender or Offenders mail be convicted, and be paid and applied in like Manner as the Fines herein before-mentioned are directed to be applied; and if the said Offender or Offenders shall not pay the said Fine in Manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Mayor,

Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, within the said Town and Borough and Liberties thereof, there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding two Calendar Months, or until he, she, or they, shall have paid the said Fine.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the said Court shall fix, Copy of thepre-

or cause to be fixed or stuck up, in the most publick Part of the said Court-house, or other Place where ceding clause to the said Commissioners shall meet, a true Copy of the preceding Clause of this Act, to the End that no stuck up in Person or Persons shall or may plead Ignorance thereof. eCourt-house.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Keepers, for the time Gaoler, ate. to being, of the respective Common Gaols or Houses of Correction within the said Town and Borough ofreceiv? p«rfoni Derby and Liberties thereof, shall and may, and they are hereby required and commanded to receive and committe take into their Custody respectively all and every Person or Persons who shall be committed, or ordered

to stand committed, by any three or more of the said Commissioners present in Court, or by virtue of any Warrant, Attachment, Execution, or other Process, issuing out of the said Court of Requests: And in case the Keepers of the said Gaols or Houses of Correction respectively, or either of thenrt, shallnegledl o®" rc* or refuse to receive and take into his or their Custody any Person or Persons committed by virtue of this ^i,t"fn,g°trQpcr* «Act;or before the Expiration of the Time for which any Person or Persons shall be so committed to his or their cfcapet Custody, shall discharge such Person or Persons; or wilfully permit and suffer such Person or Persons to go at large, without a Warrant, Order, or Authority, for that Purpose in Writing, signed in Court by three or more of the said Commissioners; such Keepers, so respectively offending in either of the said Caies, and being thereof convicted before the Mayor, or any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Town and Borough and Liberties thereof, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or on their own (Jonfession, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, a Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, of lawful Money of Great Britain, at the discretiPn of such Mayor, Justice or Justices; and such Sum shall be immediately paid, by the Person so offending, into the Hands of the Mayor, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Offender shall be convicted 5 or, in Default thereof, shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattles, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of such Mayor, Justice or Justices: And which Sum, when paid or levied, shall be applied in like Manner as the Fines herein before-mentioned are Application of <liredted to be paid and applied. the Penalty*

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit for any Debt not No Action for amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this Act in the said Court of Requests,

shall be brought against any Person or Persons residing or inhabiting within the Jurisdiction thereof, in any be brought ln° of the King’s Courts at Westminster, or any other Courts whatsoever, or elsewhere out of the said Court any other Court of Requests; and that if any such Action or Suit shall be brought and prosecuted, and it shall appear to the Judge or Judges of the said Court where such Action or Suit shall be brought, that the Debt to be recovered by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit doth not amount to the Sum of forty Shillings; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall prove, by sufficient Testimony to be allowed by such Judge or Judges, that, at the Time of commencing such Action or Suit, the Defendant or Defendants was or were liable to be summoned before the said Court of Requests for such Debt; then, and in every such Case, the said Judge or Judges shall not allow to the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs any Costs of Suit, but shall award that the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall pay so much ordinary Costs to the Defendant

Z 2 or

172 C. 20.

Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

Attorney not privileged.

Witness rot obeying a Sub-

or Defendants, as such Defendant or Defendants shall prove before the said Judge or Judges, or the proper Officer of the Court wherein such Action shall be brought, it hath truly coll him, her, or them, in the Defence of such Action or Suit.

TowhatDobti

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any this AdUhallnot thing herein contained, shall not extend to any Debt for Rent upon any Lease or Contract where the Title extend. of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, can or may come in queilijn, or upon any other real Con-

trad; nor to any Debt that shall arilc upon or by reason of any Cause concerning any lad Will or Testa-m< nt, or Matrimony, or any thing properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Courts; nor to any Debt for Money won at or by Means of any Horse Race, Cock Match, Wager, or any Kind of Gaining or Flay; nor for any Forfeiture upon any penal Statute or Bye-law; nor to any Debt whereof there hath not been ? Contract. Acknowledgment, Undertaking, or Promise to pay, within six Years before the taking out the Summons for the same, although such Debt shall be under the Value of forty Shillings.

Penalty of Per-

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons, in jury. making Oath or giving Evidence in any Cause or Matter whatsoever depending in the said Court of Re-

quests, shall commit wilful and corrupt Perjury, and being thereof duly convicted according to Law, such Person or Persons shall incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties as any other Person or Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury is or are liable, or shall be liable to by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

W> Attorney to

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Attorney of any Court of Record iia as an Advo- shall be admitted to appear in the said Court of Requests as Attorney or Advocate in behalf of any Plaintiff or Comraif- or Defendant, or be permitted to speak in any Cause or Matter before the said Court, in which such Attor-Coner. nCy js not himself a Party or Witness, under a Penalty of twenty Pounds, to be levied and applied as above-

mentioned, with respect to the Keepers of the said Common Gaols or Houses of Correction; nor shall any such Attorney act as a Commissioner in the said Court of Requests; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Privilege, or pretended Privilege, shall be allowed to exempt any Person residing within the said Town and Borough, or Liberties aforesaid, and liable to be summoned by virtue of this Act, from the Jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests, on account of his being a sworn Attorney or Solicitor of any o1 the Courts at Westminster, or of any other Court whatsoever.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person rest ding within the Town and Borough, or Liberties aforesaid, who shall be duly served with a subpoena or summons, to

pan*, to be fin- be issued out of the said Court of Request, to give Evidence on the Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, ed* shall negletS or refuse to appear pursuant to such Subpoena or Summons, at the Time and Place therein mentioned, and due Proof shall be made of the Service of such Subpoena ox Summons, and no Cause of Absence be shewn or assigned to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners prerent at the Court to which such Person shall be by such Subpoena or Summons required to appear, and Oath shall be made before the said Commissioners, by the Party at whose Instance and on whole Behalf such Subpoena or Summons issued, that the Person served therewith was a material Witness for such Party, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in such Court, to impose and lay a Fin- not exceeding fifty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings, to be levied (if not immediately paid on Demand) by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, which Finp when paid or levied shall be paid over to ^the Parry at whose Instance and on whose Behalf such Subpoena or Summons issued. '

Qjiafr* Affir-

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Affirmation or ma ion to be Affirmations of the People called Quakers shall be allowed and taken in all Cases where any Oath or Oaths allowed. js or are (jjre(qefj to be taken by this Act, instead of an Oath, and shall be administered by the same Persons

as such Oath or Oaths is or are to be administered; and every Person making such Affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful false affirming, shall incur the same Penalties and Forfeitures as are inflicted andim-posed, by any Laws and Statutes of this Realm, upon Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury. Commissioners

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Writ shall be sued out against,

ror to Ve served nor any Copy of any Process at the Suit of any Person or Persons shall be served on, any of the said Com-*irh Process for missioners, or any of the Officers of the said Court for the time being, for any Thing by him or them done ny Thing done in the Execution of his or their respective Office or Offices, until Notice in Writing of such intended Writ or Process shall have been delivered to him or them, or left at the usual Place of his or their Abode, by the Attorney or Agent for the Party who intends to sue, or cause the same to be sued or served, at lead one Calendar Month before the suing out or fervin^ the same; in which Notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained the Cause of Action, which such Party hath, or claimeth to have, against such Commis-. fioner or Officer; on the Back of which Notice shall be indorsed the Name of such Attorney or Agent, together with the Place of his Abode, who shall be intitled to have the Fee of twenty Shillings for the prepaiing and serving of such Notice, and no ir ore.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Commissioner or Officer, at any Time within one Calendar Month after such Notice given as aforesaid, to tender Amends to the Party complaining, or to his Attorney or Agent; and in case the same (h all not be accepted, to plead such Tender in Bar to any Action to be brought against him grounded on such Writ or Process, togethe r with the Plea of Not Guilty, and any other Plea with Leave of the Court; and if upon Issue joined thereon, the Jury shall find rite Amends so tendered to have been sufficient, then they shall give a Vtrdivft for the Defendant; and in such Case, or if the Plaintiff shall become nonfu'ted,

1 or this Act, until Notice given:

TTrV may ten< dtc Anritnds.

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 21, 22. 173

or shall discontinue his or her Action, or in case Judgement shall be given for such Defendant or Defendants upon Demurrer, such Defendant shall be imifled to the like Colts as he would have been intitled unto in case he had pleaded the General Issue only; and if upon Issue so joined, the Jury shall find that no Amends were tendered, or that the same were not sufficient, or shall find against the Defendant or Defendants in such other Plea or Pleas, then they shall give a Verdict for the Plaintiff, and such Damages as they Cull think proper, which he or she shall recover, together with his or her Costs of Suit.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no such Plaintiff shall recover any Verdict against such Plaintiffs not to Commissioner or Officer In any Case where the Action shall be grounded on any Act of the Defendant as recover un'cft

a Commissioner or Officer, unless it is proved upon the Trial o? such Action, that such Notice wa-s given *°ucc prov"

as aforesaid j but, in Default thereof, such Commissioner or Officer shall recover a Verdict and Costs as

aforesaid

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case such Commissioner or Commissioner* Officer shall neglect to tender any Amends, or shall have tendered inefficient Amends before the Action I30* Mofie* brought, it shall and may be lawful for him, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any lDl° u,t*

Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he shall see fit j whereupon such Proceedings, Orders, and Judgements shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions

where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Evidence shall be permitted to be given by the Plaintiff, Wh»tEvidenoe on the Tiial of any such Action as aforesaid, of any Cause of Action, except such as is contained in the be

Not ice hereby diicdled to given.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be Limitation of brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done or to be done in pur- AAloft8* fuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within three Calendar Months next

after the Cause of Action shall arise, and not afterwards; and shall be laid in the County of Derby, and

not chewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Genera!1 Issue.

Hue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereon 5 and if, the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs ftuil become nonsuited, or discontinue such Action or Suit, or if, upon a Verdict or

Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may k »*v.t Treble Costs, and have such Remedies for the same as any Defendant or Defendants can Trcbl€Co

or m.^y hive in any other Cu cs by Law.

XA'XVII. And be it turther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudg- Pvkhck Act* ed, and taken to be a Publick Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXL

An Act for redeeming one-third Part of the Remainder of the Joint Stock of Annuities, cfhblished by an Act made in the third Year of hb present Majesty's Reign, in respedi of several Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures.

CAP. XXII.

An Act to regulate the Loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland. $«,f o«>.

[Preamble,

IT 7 H F. REAS the present Methods of loadingCoal Ships in the Ports of NiweqflleznA Sunderland\

are inconvenient to the Coal Trade :* For Remedy whereof, May it please your Majesty that it

truy be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confer t of the Lords Spiiitunl and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of June^ one thousand seven hundred and sixty- Regular and erna fir, a'A Fitter?, Agents, or others, vending Sea Coals, and loading Ships with the same, at the Ports of Vu°nbc0kc

Aru v;y Ve anil Sunderland* shall keep regular and true Lists of Ships entered at their resp^dtive Offices for Fliers and

loading of i-Il such Coals as they usually vend; which Lifts shall be hung up or placed in forne conspicutnis A^-ntnf the Pori f/t the respective Offices, in order that the same may be inspected by any Master or Mate of a Ship Ships cntrr?d at irpUjrg f r the same j and wdion the Mailer or Mate of any Ship which shall then be p.»ft or within two^,c,r TeW*ive Mi.ro or irinn:outh Bar% or within two Miles of the Port or Harbour of Sunderland, as the Case may be, pJ.‘^ nA-’ ihaM apply to the Office of any such Fitter, Agent, or Vender of Coals, and make a Tender it) Cash, or RrevJutien*

n Hu nit Poll Bills, payable seven Days after Sight, to the Amount of the Coals at the respective Prices with reipecl to the uvcral S(>rts of such Coals are then sold attogether whth the ulVal Chatges of carrying the fain'* from entering 11jc S'-iths to the Ship; such Ship shall be immediately entered in the Lift of such Fitter, Agent, or Y\ n- 10 Cuurfe. dr' *>( Coals as aforesaid, next after the last Ship which shall then be entmd in such Lift, and Dial 1 be 1 in its due Turn by such Fitter, Agent, or Vender, at the Port of Arwca/tle or Sunderland jvfpec-

tt > Gy, or if the Matter or Mate of cny Ship, who shall so apply within the Port of Nru'cu/fley flnll p'o-doce Lightermens Notes or Bills of Exchange to a sufficient Amount, and dtlire Time, not exceeding two H -’its a trr fhc Bank at SencaJUe shall be open, in order to convert the same h to C, Wh. lirh Snip fh..iI hr r. ever the lets immediately entered upon such Lift; and if the Money or such bank Pott Itills as itore-T'» the Amount of the Loading of Coals, and the Chirges as afoieuhd, shall be 't c»r tender* d to

the Lod Fit.cr, Agent, or Vender, of Coals within the Time aforesaid, iucu Ship thud have the same'

Turn

174 C. 23^ Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

Turn as it would have been intitled to if Cash had been tendered on the first Application of the Matter or Ship to be load- Mate thereof, in Manner aforesaid; and the Matter or Mate who shall have his Ship entered in any such ed with the Lift as aforesaid, or be entitled to a Loading of Coals from any Fitter, Agent, or Vender, of Coals, by Ac^with^yhom means of the Provittons aforesaid, shall be obliged to load his Ship with such Fitter, Agent, or Vender, in itU entered.°m whose Lift such Ship shall have been entered, or such Loading applied for as aforesaid; and if such Matter Provisions with or Mate chuses to alter the Sort of Coals for Exportation, he shall be at Liberty so to do, provided he loads respea to alter- with the same Fitter, Agent, or Vender, at the usual Price; and if any Fitter, Agent, or Vender, of frg the Sort of Coals at the said Ports, or either of them, shall neglect or omit to keep such Lift in Manner herein before Fitter not keep- described, or shall refuse Inspection thereof to any Master or Mate of any Ship applying for the same, at ing such Lift 5 any Time between the Hours of Seven in the Morning and Seven at Night; or shall refuse or omit to enter or refufingIn- or load any such Ship, upon the Conditions aforesaid, so far as the said Conditions relate to the said Ports speaionthereofj respectively; or shall wilfully or unnecessarily delay the loading and dispatching of any such Ship; or if or not loading any Master or Mate of any such Ship shall enter the same for any one Turn with more than one Fitter, tions afore/aH " Agent, or Vender, of Coals as aforesaid; or shall load such Ship with any other Fitter, Agent, or Vender, orcaufing urine- than where such Ship was entered for that Turn; every such Fitter, Agent, or Vender, and every such ceflary Delays j Master or Mate of any such Ship, shall, for every Offence respectively, forfeit and pay the Sum of forfeits 1001, one hundred Pounds; one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety Master aaing tQ such person or persons who shall be injured by such Offence, and shall sue for the same in any of his Rules tore pr*. Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, within the Space of six Calendar Months after the Offence &ribedf forfeits committed# m like Sum#

Directing the Course of loading Ships at Sundcziand#

Mrs. Crowley and Company's Ships to take Coais without waiting their Turns.

Fablick Act#

IF. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Fitter of the said Port of Sunder land shall be compelled or obliged to take upon his Lift, or load in Turn, any Ship exceeding the Burthen of sixteen Keels; and when the Owner or Master, having the Care of any Ship entered in such Lift, shall have taken in as many Coals in the said Harbour as he shall think fit, every such Fitter shall be at Liberty to load the next Ship in Turn on his Lift, within the said Harbour, and so on until some one or more of such Ships shall have failed out of the said Harbour into the Road, which Ships shall then be loaded up in the said Road in Turn as they stand in such Lift, as soon as the Weather will permit; and the Owner or Master, having the Care of any such Ship so lying and loading up in the Road, fn J1 be answerable to the Fitter loading up such Ship, for the Loss or Damage of any Keel or Keels, and the Coals on board them, sent off to load any such Ship, as have been customary.

III. And whereas the Iron Manufacture near Newcastle, belonging to Mistress Crowley and Company, have large (landing Contracts for serving his Majesty'*s Navy with Stores of sundry Kinds; and that their three Ships (about one hundred and sixty Tons burthen each) which bring a few Coals at Bottom, may not be detained, which may be of great Detriment to the Government Service, they are hereby expected, and permitted to have what Coals they want for Ballad, while they are employed in the above Service, as soon as they have Occasion to order them, without waiting their Turn in Rotation.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue in Force for seven Years, and shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, a Publick Act; and b£ judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same#

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for rivaling several Laws relating to the Manufacture of Woollen Cloth in the County of York; ad also so much of several other Laws as prescribes particular Standards of Width and Length of such Woollen Cl. tbs; and for substituting other Regulations of the Cloth ‘Trade within ike West Riding of the said County; for preventing Frauds in certifying the Contents of the and for preferring the Credit of the said Manufacture at the Foreign Market.

Ffeamble, reciting Act 5 £eo. 3, c. 51.

WHEREAS the Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing several Laws relating to the Manufacture of Woollen Cloth in the County of York; and 4 G{f° f° much of several other Laivs as prescribes particular Standards of Width and Length of such JFoslim Cloths; and forjubjiituting other Regulations of the Cloth Trade within the West Riding of the said Court}", for preventing Frauds in certifying the Contents of the Cloth.; and for preserving the Credit of the said Mam- failure at the Foreign Market; hath, in some Respects, been found to be inconvenient to the Dealers in the said Trade and Manufactory, and not sufficient or effectual to remove or remedy some of the Abuses intended to be thereby prevented, and which still continue to be practised in the said Trade; and in regard several Persons concerned in the said Trade and Manufactory may inadvertently and unavoid- ably become subject and liable to divers Penalties and Forfeitures thereby diie&ed to be levied, to the great Lote and Damage of divers innocent Persons, and the Discouragement of the said Manufatfory; 4 wherefore, for continuing so much of the said Act as is apprehended to be beneficial, and for explaining and amending the same, so as more effectually to support and preserve a Trade so advantageous, and of so great Importance to this Kingdom, and for repealing such of the Clauses and Provisions therein contained

A.D. 1766. v Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 23. 175

taincJ, as are found to be burthensome to the said Trade, and not effectual for preserving the Credit ‘ thereof, or preventing the Frauds intended to be prevented j* be it enacted by the king’s most Excellent M-j Tty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in th.s present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the justices of the Peace for the judices to *p. t'ui West Riding of the said County of York (not being Dealers in Woollen Cloth, or Occupiers of any point Mill F' I. g mill; at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden at Bradford\ in and for the said Searcher*, ln-JLd.i.g, next after the twenty-fourth Day of fune, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, or at some ervifort*"*1 Adjournment of the same, and at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden next after pCm ° £liJj\mn:er yearly at Bradford\ in and for the said Riding, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and required to chuse, nominate, and appoint, such and so many Persons of good Character and Repute (hivir£ been brought up in the Manufacture of Woollen Cloth in the said Riding, and being under the Age of Sixty Years' to be Searchers or Measurers of Cloth at the Fulling mills, and to be Inspectors and*

Sepcrvilois for the Purposes in the said former Act mentioned, as they in their Discretion shall think proper; whLh said Searchers or Measurers, Inspectors and Supervisors respectively shall have all the tame Powers and Authorities, and be respectively subject to the same Rules, Limitations, and Restric-tuns, as in and by the la d Act of the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, are reflectively declared* given, appointed, or limited, except as is herein after, by this present Act, otherwise ordered, directed, or p:o\ ided for.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Searchers or Measurers of Cloth at the Mills, to be chosen, Searchers to* appointed, and (Rationed, by virtue of this and the said former Act, shall, and they are hereby authorised measureClothi* and required, at their respective Fulling mills, where they shall be respectively Rationed or placed, to mea- *nd fed them, sure all the Cloths and Half Cloths which shall be there milled respectively, at the respective Times, and

in Manner in the said former Act mentioned and appointed; and every such Searcher and Measurer shall, on one End of every such Cloth, before it shall be carried from the Mill, affix and rivet such Seal of Lead as in the former Act is mentioned, and (lamp, in Words and Figures plainly to be read and distinguisticd* upon every such Rivet, his Name, and the Name of the Mill where he is so Rationed; and upon the Residue of such Seal, the Length and Breadth of every such Cloth, together with the Number of each of fuefr Cloths milled at such Mill iuccefiively, beginning at Number One, and proceeding progressively as in the said former Act is mentioned.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the said Inspectors or Penalty on Mia Supervisors shall find any Cloth, or End or Half Cloth, falsely Ramped by any Measurer or Searcher of ?e*rch"

Broad Woollen Cloth, above one Ihch in Breadth in more than one-third Part of the Length thereof, or

shove half a Yard in Length, such inspector or Supervisor, shall, within seven Days after the same shall be d’fcovered, give Information thereof to one of his MaieRy’s JuRices of the Peace for the said Riding, or any Corporation within the same where such Offence shall be committed (not being a Dealer in Woollen*

Cloth, or Occupier of any Fulling-mill) and on Conviction of such Measurer or Searcher, before anjr such JuRice of the Peace as aforesaid, such Searcher or Measurer shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of t^n Shillings, to be recovered as any other Penalty is hereby directed to be recovered.

IY\ Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Merchant Merchant* fcf-cr Buyer of any such Cloth shall suspect the real and true Lengths and Breadths of such Cloth not to be the P*£,nl Cloth* Lrr.e as Ramped on the Seal affixed to such Cloth by the Measurer or Searcher at the Mill as aforesaid wettfe*®* tr.cn, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Merchant or Buyer of such Cloth, within ft ttv Da\s next after the Sale and Delivery of such Cloth (and before the same shall have been raised* je w id, drilled, dyed, or put in Water) to put such Cloth into cold Water for any Time not exceeding f* ut Hou's; and after the lame shall be fully wet and taken out of such Water, to hang the same across a p -in Raii or Horse-tree, to be provided by such Merchant or Buyer, for any time not less than two Hours, and r rnorcthjn four Hours; and then immediately to cause the same to be measured by some sworn Searcher,

V "j'urer. Inspector, or Supervisor: And if upon such Admeasurement laR mentioned, there shall be found Penalty for fn»* a less or finailer Quantity of Cloth in Length, or less or smaller Quantity in Breadth in more than one- dulcnl Scalial* r r. ru Part of the Length thereof, than is mentioned on any of the Seals affixed to such Cloth by any Searches M*.afurer, or Supervisor, who before measured the same; in every such Case, the Searcher, Mea- rcr, lulpeclor or Supervisor, who laR measured such Cloth, shall and he is hereby required, within three i >jv« next nfrer such laR Admeasurement, to give Information to one of his Majesty's JuRices of the Peace j r the Lid Ri ’ing, or any Corporation within the same (not being a Dealer in Woollen Cloth, or Occu-X r of *ny Fuilv.g- mil!) that the Searcher, Measurer, or Supervisor, who before measured and Ramped x r f-ii C ub, usd wilfully and knowingly affix such Life and fraudulent Seals to such Cloth; and luefv ’/cj'jrcr, Searcher, or Supervisor, being thereof convicted before such JuRice, upon the Oath of such,

V' i’urer, V uchcr, Inspector, or Supervisor, who laR measured the said Cloth, or of any other credible

V. 1:r»*. 15, b a.!, for every such Oilence, forfeit and pay the respective Penalties and Sums following; that it t*j 1 j v, For the first Inch in Breadth, or Half Yard in Length, that such Cloth or End of Cloth shall fall {] c, -r of the Mcalu.e Ramped and marked on the Seals thereto by him affixed, the Sum of five Shillings \ i d (jr eve v o:her Inch in Breadth, or Half Yard in Length, so over Ramped, the further Sum of tea hr 1: 1 he find Pcndties, after deducting the reout the Colts and Charge^ of such Prosecution and Con-

v. t < 11, to b< p nd and applied, one Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Treasurer of the 1 d West Riding: Arid in case any Searcher, Measurer, inspector, or Supervisor, who laR measured fuclv Cl'th.Oiah fail or m cl.it, by the Space of three I)ays next alter such l ift Admeasurement, to give such !n-i as ^orefaufj then, and in every such Calc, such Searcher, Measurer, Inspector, or Supervisor,.

3 bcm£

176 C. 23.

Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

being convicted before any such Justice as aforesaid, of having wilfully failed or neglected to give such Information for the Space of three Days as aforesaid, shall, for such Offence, forfeit anfl pay the oum of forty Shillings, and shall from thenceforth be for ever disabled to hold, exercise, or enjoy, any Office under or by virtue of this Act.,

Wh-refalfcSeals V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all such cases, upon such Admeasurement a*e round, In- of any such Cloth as aforesaid, where the same shall be found to be of less Length or of less Breadth, for above one-third Part of therLength thereof, than shall be mentioned on the Seal or Seals thereto affixed, by the Searcher, Measurer, or Supervisor, who measured and stamped the same, or by the Maker of such Cloth; then, and in every such Case, the Searcher, Measurer, Inspector, or Supervisor, who last measured the same, shall, immediately upon such Admeasurement, affix on every such Cloth, or End *f Cloth, a new Seal or new Seals of Lead, and rivet the same, and shall (lamp, or cause to be impressed upon every such Rivet, his own Name, adding thereto the Words Inspector or Supervisor; and upon the same Seal,

speftor, Sec. to fix new Sea’s, which shall be the Rule of Paymc.it, and the Sel'er to forfe:t Double

the Deficiency,

take the cloth Words, or Letters and Figures, denoting the true Length of every such Cloth, or End of Cloth (account-

Inspector or So-pervisor, Scc. found gn*lty of damping falsely.

back. ing thirty-seven Inches to the Yard in Length} and the Breadth thereof between the Lifts, in Inches, at

the Time of, and according to such Admeasurement; and that the Length and Number of Yards, by such Measurer, Searcher, Inspector, or Supervisor, so stamped on such Seals as aforesaid, shall be the Rule of Payment for such Cloth by the Merchant or Buyer thereof; save Only that such Merchant or Buyer (in order (o discourage the vending or exposing to Sale of any such Cloth with such defective or fraudulent Seals) shall and may, and he is hereby authorised and impowered, to deduct and retain to himself, out of the Price of such Cloth upon which the Maker, Searcher, Measurer, or Supervisor, shall have fixed such defective and fraudulent Seals as aforesaid, double the Value or Amount of so many Yards or Parts of a Yard thereof, out of the Number of Yards in Length, so stamped upon such Seals, by such Searcher, Measurer, Inspector, or Supervisor, who last measured and stamped the same as aforesaid, as the said Cloth, or End of Cloth, shall fall short in Quantity of the Length and Breadth respectively impressed on the former fraudulent Seal so affixed by the Mi ker or Sellec.jhereof; unless the Maker or Seller of such Cloth shall, within three Days next after Notice of such Deficiency to him given by the Merchant or Buyer of such Cloth, accept the same a^ain, and repay to the Merchant or Buyer thereof, all such Sum and Sums of Money as such Maker or Seller of such Cloth shall have received in Payment, or Part of Payment, for such Cloth, together with such reasonable Expences as such Merchant or Buyer flull have necclTarily expended or been put unto, for or upon Account of such defective Cloth or Cloths.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted, That in case any Merchant, or Buyer or Seller of Cloth, shall be dissatisfied with any Admeasurement to be made by any such last mentioned Searcher, Measurer, Inspector, or Supervisor, as aforesaid, and shall have Cause to suspect the true Length and Breadth of any Cloth, or End of Cloth, so measured by such last mentioned Searcher, Measurer, Inspector, or Supervisor, not to agree with the Seal or Seals by him thereto affixed; then, and in such Case, such Merchant, Buyer or Seller respectively, shall and may, within seven Days after any such Admeasurement so suspected shall be made, give Information thereof, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Riding, on Information or any Corporation within the same (not being Dealers in Woollen Cloth) and every such Searcher, Mea-and Convidbon, surer, Inspector, or Supervisor, having wilfully or fraudulently measured such Cloth, and being convicted of such Offence, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, (which Oath such Justice or Justices is hereby impowered to administer) flull, for such Offence, forfeit and pay for the first Inch in Breadth, or Half Yard in Length, that such Cloth, or End of Cloth, shall exceed or fall short of the Measure stamped and marked on the Seals thereto by him affixed, the Sum of twenty Shillings: And in case such Cloth, or End of Cloth, shall exceed or fall short more than two Inches in Breadth, or one Yard in Length, of the Measure stamped and marked thereon by such Searcher, Measurer, Inspector, or Supervisor; then such Searcher, Measurer, Inspector, or Supervisor, upon such Conviction as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose his Office, and be discharged therefrom by such Justice or Justices, before whom he shall be so convicted, and shall from thenceforth Be for ever disabled to hold, exercise, or enjoy any Office under or by virtue of this Act.

Where Inspector

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Inspector shall have Reason fufnetts Ft:mU ffifpccl that any Cloth or Cloths shall be in the Possession of any Merchant, Buyer, Dresser, or Cloth-re oretofce^fce wor^er» hath or have not been truly stamped and measured at the Fulling-mill; that then, and in

requre o ev - such Case, the said Inspector shall and may give Notice to such Merchant, Buyer, Dresser, or Cloth-worker, of such his Suspicion, describing the Cloth or Cloths by the Maker’s Name or Seal thereon respectively, which he so suspects to be unduly stamped; after which Notice so given as aforesaid, such Merchant, Dresser, or Cloth-worker, shall give two Hours Notice to such Inspe^lor of the Time or Times at which he intends to put such Cloth or Cloths into Water, in order thar such Inspector may attend the wetting and measuring of such Cloth or Cloths; and if such Merchant, Dresser, Buyer, or Cloth-worker, shall, without or contrary to such Notice, put such Cloth or Cloths into Water, and be thereof legally convicted, he shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Shillings.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Supervisor or Inspector shall wilfully refuse or neglect to attend for the Putpose of measuring and stamping any Cloth or End of Cloth as aforesaid, for the Space of two Hours after due Notice given to him in that Behalf, he or they so neglecting or refuting, called open. shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be recovered and applied in Manner after mentioned.

InToearr, «rc to JX. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That every Searcher, Measurer, Inspector and Su-Sliingdue Ac^ Perv*for» to be appointed by virtue and in pursuance of this or the said former Act, shall, before he enters coupon lhe Execution of his Office, at his own Expence, give and execute a Bond to the Treasurer of the said

to be subject to 1 Penalty,

an! lose hit Ofike.

fanr.e put in Water.

Penalty on Su-purvisor nr Tn-ljpeOor refusing to mraftire when

o.

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 23. 177

said West Riding for the time being, with a Surety to be approved by the Justices appointing him to the said Office, in the Penalty of fifty Pounds, conditioned for the duty accounting for, and paying the Money by him, from time to time, to be received by virtue of and in the Execution of his Office.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any Inspector Inspector or Sn-

pr Supervisor to be appointed by virtue of this or the said former Act, at any Time hereafter, to enter into Pervisor not to any House, Warehouse, or Outhouse, of any Merchant or Merchants, Dresser or Dressers, or any other House^oVware-Dealer in Cloth (unless such Places shall be made use of for drcffing, tentering, or keeping of wet or un- houi'cs (except dressed Cloth) under Pretence of searching foe, or examining any Woollen Cloth, which he shall suspect where cloth i» to be falsely stamped, or unduly stretched or strained, by virtue or under Colour of this or any former Act there dreifed) to of Parliament; or to search or examine any Cloth after the same shall be put up in Papers for pressing, or ®xarm,"co' sent to be frized; or otherwise have been fully manufactured, or fitted for Exportation or Home Consump- (.0xram°ne, tion any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding. Cloths ready for the Press, or Tent

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever pc*tey on Per-shall willingly take off, alter, or counterfeit, deface, obliterate, or cut out, any Seal or Seals of Lead, fons taking oft, hereby, or by the said former Act, directed to lie fixed and rivetted to every or any Cloth or Half Cloth, or &c. Seals, or the the Figures, Letters, and Words thereon stamped, made or set, or therein woven or sewed, before the Cloth Maker* Name, be put in Papers for the Press, or into the Frizing-mill to be frized; or if any Inspector or Supervisor °rIo°£

shall, at any Time after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, find Custody without any Woollen Cloth, after the Times herein directed for sealing the same, without the Seal or Seals hereby. Seals, or with

or by the said former Act, directed to be put thereon; or find such Seal or Seals defaced, counterfeited, or the Seal* cutoff,

altered (except such Seal or Seals has or have been accidentally loft, or maliciously taken off); or shall find &c

any such Cloth, or End of Cloth, which shall appear by the Mark, Stamp, or Seal affixed by the Searcher, ret e 9

Measurer, Inspector, or Supervisor, who last measured the famd, to be overstretched or strained, either in Breadth or Length, beyond the Dimensions allowed of and provided by this present Act; or that the Loom

Mark, specifying or denoting the Name and Place of Abode of the Maker of such Cloths, shall be cut out

or altered; in such Case every Person or Persons so offending, or the Merchant, Dresser, Clothier, or

Owner, in whose Custody any such-Cloth without Seals, (except as aforesaid) or with the Seals, or Name,

and Place of Abode, of such Maker, defaced, cut out,' or obliterated, or so overstretched or strained, shall be found, being thereof legally convicted, for every such Offence shall forfeit such Sum of Money, not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, nor less than twenty Shillings, as to the Justice or Justices, before

whom he shall be convicted, shall seem proper and requisite.

XII. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons, against whom any Information shall be Person* charge*

made, by any Merchant, Buyer, Seller, Owner, or Dresser of Cloth, for any Offence or Offences com- ,ny Of-

mitted against this Act, by false sealing or flamping any Cloth or Cloths, shall and may, and are hereby authorised and impowered, within two Days after Notice of such Information to him or them given, to go

to the House of such Merchant, Owner, or Dresser* of Cloth, in such Information mentioned, and request h*nd«; and on to see the said Cloth, to examine whether the Charge alleged in such Information be just, and whether any Refufci, Prore-Frauds have been committed by the Merchant, Dresser, or Owner, of the same; and that upon the Mer- cution toceafe. chant, Dresser, Buyer, or Owner, of such Cloth, refusing to permit and suffer such Offender or Offenders to fee or examine such Cloth as aforesaid, (unless the same shall, before that Time, be put in Papers for pressing, or sent to be frized) such Prosecution so commenced against such Offender or Offenders shall cease, and any Conviction to be made thereupon shall be void and of none Effect; and* in case of wilful Refusal, by any Merchant or Buyer, so to shew such Cloth, such Merchant or Buyer shall lose all Benefit of Deduction out of the Price of such Cloth as aforesaid.

1 XIII- And whereas by the said Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, every Clo-

thier and Maker of such Cloth as aforesaid, is required, at the Time of making thereof, to weave or few

into the Head of the Cloth, in distinct Letters or Words, plain to be read, at Length, the Name and Place of Abode of such Clothier and Maker, under the Penalty of twenty Shillings for exposing the same to

Sale, without having such Name and Place of Abode in Words at Length sewed into such Cloth, which has been the Occasion of several poor Clothiers being convicted for false spelling or abbreviating the ir

c Name and Place of Abode, to their great Loss and Discouragementwherefore, to prevent as much as possible any such hard and severe Prosecutions which such Clothier is now subject to, be it further enacted, That every Clothier and Maker of such Cloth as aforesaid, who shall weave or few into cite Head of Cloth

every Cloth, and End of Cloth, his Name and Place of Abode, either in distinct Letters or Words,

or in some common or known usual Abbreviation, sufficient to be read or underftootl, before he shall expose a^Len/tl ^or^n the same to Sale, shall in such Case not be subject to or liable to be prosecuted for the Penalty inflicted a common A toby the said Act for not inserting the farrie in distinct Letters or Words plain to be read at Length; any brevution. thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And whereas by the said last mentioned Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the Justices of the Peace for the said West Riding are impowered, at their General (Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held yearly after Easter, to make and issue such Orders and Directions to the Power given by

several Officers to be appointed by virtue of the said Act-, for the more effectual Execution thereof, as to

% to them shall sean meet; which Power is apprehended to be of no Use to the said Trade or Manufac- i^scffioos^o^-f 5yre’ but may prove inconvenient to the Dealers therein therefore be it enacted by the Authority afore- ^ake Orders for Power given by the said Act, to the Justices in Sessions, to make such Orders and Re- executing the VOL. X. A a guiations Act repealed.

178 C. 23.

Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

'gulations as aforesaid, shall from henceforth be, and the same is hereby, revoked and repealed, and declared to be void and of no Force or Effedh Penalty on over-

XV. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, after the twenty-

ffrttching or ftriining Cloth.

Hatters Cards may be used for Unking Cloths

fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, shall stretch or strain, or cause or procuie to be stretched or drained, any Whole or Long Cloth, or End or Half Cloth, more than one Yard (confiding of thirty-seven Inches) in every twenty Yards of the Length thereof, and in the like Proportion for Cloths of greater or less Length, or more than one Inch in every twelve Inches of the Breadth thereof, above or beyond the Length and Breadth of such Cloth marked and denoted upon the Stamp or Seal thereon fixed by the Seacher, Measurer, Supervisor, or Inspector, who last measured the same as aforesaid; then, and in such Case, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before one or more such Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said Riding, or of some Corporation within the same, not being a Dealer in the Woollen Manufacture, or Farmers or Occupiers of a Fulling-mill as aforesaid, shall, for the first Half Yard in Length such Cloth, or End of Cloth, shall be so overstretched, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings; and also for every Quarter of a Yard above such Half Yard, ten Shillings; and for the first Inch in Breadth such Cloth, or Endof Cloth, shall be overstretched or strained, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings; and also for every Inch above the first Inch, ten Shillings; which said Sums shall be recovered and applied in the same Manner as the other Penalties are herein directed to be recovered and applied.

XVI. And whereas by the last mentioned Act, the using of Cards made with Wire, or with Wire Teeth, or any other Metal, in dressing of Cloth, is prohibited under the Penalty of forty Shillings; upon the Tenters ^ut lt ^as ^een f°unc* in the dressing of Cloth, and without damaging the same, to make use of Wire

Cards, commonly called Fine Hatters Cards, in the Striking or Plaining of Cloth upon the Tenters, for # 4 the better bedding or laying the Wool;’ it is therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, in the Striking or Plaining of Cloth upon the Tenters only, to make use of such Cards, called Fine Hatters Cards, for the better laying the Wool, and manufacturing the said Cloth, without being subject to, or liable to, any Prosecution for the said Penalty, in the said Act provided, for making use of Wire Cards in the dressing of Cloth.

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted, provided, and declared, That in case any of the Officers to be appointed, or who shall hold, exercise, or enjoy, any Office or Place under or by virtue of this or the said

concerned in the former Act, shall keep a Publick House for the felling of Ale, Beer, or other Liquors, or shall follow or thecioth Trade. be concerned in the making, buying, or felling, any Wool, Woollen Manufactures, or Goods, commonly made use of in Dying 5 or in case any such Officer or Officers, Persons or Persons, To be appointed by virtue of this or the said former Act, shall be guilty of any Misbehaviour or Neglect of Duty in his Office, and shall be thereof convicted by the Oath of one or more Witness or Witnesses, before any two or more such Justices as aforesaid; it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices, at the Quarter Sessions held for the said Riding next after such Conviction, on producing the same, or due Proof thereof, and they are hereby jequired to discharge and remove such Officer or Person so convicted, from his Office, and to appoint another proper Person in his Room and Stead; and such Person or Persons so convicted and removed from his Office for such Offence, shall be, from thenceforth, for ever disabled to hold, exercise or enjoy, any Office under of by virtue of this or the said former Act.

XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That the Appointment of all and every Of* ade at Quarter ^cers kv the Justices of the Peace for the said West Riding, by the said recited Act directed to, be made

*cmons. " at l^e Quarter Sessions held next after Easter yearly for the said Riding, shall, at all Times hereafter, be made by the said Justices at the Quarter Sessions held for the said Riding at Bradford, next after Mid-summer yearly.

How and when

XIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Informations relating to any Offences to be committed Offences shall be against this or the said former Act (except where it is ©therwife therein respectively provided for) shall be promoted, in? made and gi yen within ten Days after such Offence shall be discovered; and all and every such Offences Ued?tUrCS 3P" shall be enquired of and determined, and Convictions thereon made, upon Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, by any one or more such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid (not being a Dealer in Woollen Cloth, nor Occupier of any Fulling-mill as aforesaid) Notice being first given of the Charge to the Person or Persons therewith charged; and that all such Penalties and Forfeitures as shall or may happen by reason of this or the said former Act, shall, after deducting the Charges of such Conviction, go, and be disposed of, one Half to the Person or Persons who shall give Information of the Of* ' fence on which the Conviction shall he made, and the other Half to the said Treasurer *of the said West

Officers not to

keep a Publ clc house, or be concerned in the

Appointment of Officers to be

Riding; and that such Part thereof as shall belong to the said Treasurer, shall be received by such Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be made, and by him or them immediately paid to some ln- offices to fend fp^01* or Supervisor of Broad Woollen Cloth; and the Receipt of such Inspector or Supervisor shall be a in Account of sufficient Discharge to such Justice or Justices, for so much Money as shall be therein expressed to be re-I'opv.ction* be* reived; and such Justice or Justices shall also, within three Months afwr any such Convictions, as afore-foje then to che Lid, shall be made by them, fend, or enufe to be 1‘cnt, an Account thereof to-the-Lid Treasurer, and to Tit-*hirer. whom such Penalties and Fofeitures shall be so paid.

Femitkihrw to

XX. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Offender or Offenders shall, for the Space of ten he recovered. Days next after he, she, or they, shall be convicted of any of the Offences aforesaid, and have Notice thereof to him, her, or them given, at his, her, or their Dwelling-house, or last Place of Abode, refuseor neglect to pay any Forfeiture by him, her, or them incurred, by reason of this or the said recited Act, or shall not give Notice of an Appeal to the next Quarter Sessions, as is herein after provided; then, and not before, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom such Con-

« victioa

A.D. 1766. Anno Jexto Georgii III. c. 23. 179

viction shall be made, or any other Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Riding, or any Corporation within the same (not being a Dealer in Woollen Broad Cloth, or Occupier of any Fulling-mill) upon a Certificate of such Conviction sent to him or them, from the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction was made; and he or they is and are hereby authorised and required to iilue out one or more Warrant or Warrants, under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to the Constable of the Town or Place, or Bailiff or Bailiffs of the Liberties, Wapentakes, or Limits, where such Offender or Offenders doth or shall inhabit, thereby commanding him or them to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattles, returning the Overplus (if any be) after paying likewise the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Offender or Offenders demanding the same; and where no sufficient Distress can be found, to commit the Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months.

XXI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Per- P^son* agen’fv-fbn or Persons shall find him, her, or themselves aggrieved, by any Order, Warrant, or Determination, appeal made by any Justice or Justices, upon any Information by him or them, in pursuance of this Act, such

Pfcrlbn or Persons may appeal to the next Quarter Sessions to be hela for the West Riding of the County of Teriy where such Determination shall be made, which shall not be held within fourteen Days next after the cause of Appeal shall arise, giving ten Days Notice of Appeal to the Party in whose Favour such Order or Determination shall be made; and if the Justices at the said Quarter Sessions, either confirm or disannul the Orders or Proceedings of the said Justice or Justices, they shall allow such Costs and Charges to the Party aggrieved thereby, asr they shall think reasonable, to be levied and paid in such Manner as is usual in Cases of Appeal from any Order of the Justices of the Peace to the Sessions, whose Order herein shall be final.

XXII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the several Justices of the Peace before Justices, &c.

whom any Conviction shall be made, by virtue of this Act, as also the several Inspectors and Supervisorsreturn Accounts (o to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby required, at the Four General Quarter Sessions onl*

of the Peace, held in and for the said Riding, to return and transmit to the Justices of the Peace aflem- reived

bled at such General Quarter Sessions, a true and perfeCl Account in Writing, of all the Convictions that to the Quarter* shall have been made in pursuance of this Act> that shall happen within their Knowledge; and of all the Sdfioa*. Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted or levied by Means or on Account thereof, which, by virtue of this or the said former Act, are made payable to the said Treasurer for the said West Riding; and the said Inspec-torsand Supervisors shall pay, or cause to be paid, to the Treasurer for the time being, within three Calendar Months after the Receipt thereof, all and every Sum and Sums of Money by them, or any of them, or for their or any of their Use, had or received, for or on account of any such Conviction or Convictions, and which, by this or the said former Act, are made payable, or directed to be accounted for to the said Treasurer of the said West Riding; and every Person and Person3 neglecting or refusing to return and Penalty on their transmit such Account, within twenty Days next after any of the said Sessions, or to pay, or cause to be Neglea, &c. paid, such Sums of Money, so by him received* or in their Hands, or any Part thereof, for the Space of three Calendar Months next after the Receipt tncreof respectively, and being thereof convicted, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any two Justices of the Peace of and for the Lid Riding (not being Dealers in Cloth, or Occupiers of any Fulling-mill) shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, over and above the several Sums by him or them received in his Hands as aforesaid; to be recovered, paid, and applied, in such Manner as the other Penalties inflicted by this Act are directed to be recovered, paid, and applied.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and all the Penalties and This Att toe*-Clauses therein contained, shall extend to all Woollen Cloths which shall be made and milled within the teoito aiiwooi-West Riding of the County of York, except such Narrow Woollen Cloths as are mentioned and described, i$"Clo^hcf*Lept and for which Provision is made in and determined by an Act made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Ma- d/rd in°lA^ jesty King George the Second, intituled, ‘An Act for the better regulating of Narrow woollen Cloths in II Geo. 2. and the West Riding of the County of York? and also except such Woollen Goods as are made for Blankets Blanketing, or Blanketing, and Striped Duftel’d Blankets.

XXIV. And whereas several Sums of Money have been, and will be expended by divers Persons, in Application of

and about the obtaining this present Act; and it is apprehended that the Money expended in obtaining ,n,tKc

the said former Act, hath not yet been wholly reimbursed or satisfied to the Person or Persons concerned lH*

in obtaining the same Now, it is hereby enacted, That the Treasurer of the said West Riding for the time being, (nail, out of the Money now in his Hands, or which shall hereafter be received by him, on Account of the Duties and Forfeitures herein before, or by the said former Act, directed to be paid to such ‘

Treasurer as aforesaid, first pay the Charges and Expences remaining due and unpaid on the Account of obtaining the said former Act, and afterwards the Charges and Expences of obtaining the passing this Act, together with such Interest, for all or any Part of such Charges and Expences., as the said justices, at their General Quarter Sessions, to be held next after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and (uty-six, shall order, direct, or appoint; and the said Treasurer shall afterwards pay and apply the said Duties and Penalties, as the same shall come in and be received, in and for the Payment of the Salaries of the Searchers, Measurers, Inspectors, and Supervisors of Cloth herein before directed to be chosen and appointed, as aforesaid, in such Proportions, and in such Manner, as the said Justices of the Peace, at their General Quarter Sessions yearly to be held next after Jtfidsummer9 shall direct and appoint.

XXV. And it hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after all the Money to be expended in and about the obtaining this Act, and yet remaining due of the Expences of the said recited

A a z Act,

180 C. 24.

Anno sexto Georgii III.

A. I>. 1766.

Limitation of AltioAS.

[Treble Costs.]

Certain Penalties in the former Act repealed.

When juAices Act, shall be totally paid off and discharged, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace may increjfe or for the said West Riding, at their General Quarter Sessions held next after Midsummer yearly, to make Rates. Orders for the increasing or diminishing the Rates or Duties to be paid for measuring, (tamping, and sealing of Cloth, so as the lame shall never exceed the several Rates or Duties herein before, or by the said former Act, directed to be paid for the same.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority laforesaid, That if any Suit or Action shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, every such Suit or Action shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid, brought, and tried, in the County of York, and notelfe-Cencral Issue. where; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Suits or Actions shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of, and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear to be so done; or if any such Suit or Action shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants: And upon such Verdict; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs in other Cases by Law.

XXVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Penalties and Forfeitures which any Measurer, Searcher, or Supervisor, can or may be subject or liable to, by virtue of or under the said former Act, for falsely stamping any Cloth two Inches in Breadth and one Yard in Length, or which any Inspector or Supervisor may be subject to for neglecting to give Information to a Justice of the Peace, where Cloth shall be found falsely stamped, by any Measurer or Searcher, or which any Person or Persons may thereby be subject to for taking off, altering, counterfeiting, defacing, obliterating, or cutting out any Seal or Seals, or for overstretchine or draining any Cloth, or for having Cloth in their Custody overstretched or drained, or without the Seajs by the said Act ordered to be affixed thereon, or with such Seals altered, counterfeited, defaced, or obliterated, or with the Name and Place of Abode of the Maker cut out or altered, or for using Cards made with Wire, in the dressing of Cloth, so as the same be fine Hatters Cards, and used upon the Tenters only; shall, fromi And after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, be, and they are hereby repealed, revoked, annulled, and made and declared to cease and be void and of noneEffeft: And no Merchant, Cloth-buyer, Cloth-maker, Cloth-dresser, Measurer, Inspector, Searcher, or Supervisor, or other Person, shall, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, be subject to, or affected by, or be prosecuted for or upon account of any such Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures, by Reason or on Account or Pretence of any of the Offences, Misdemeanors, Matters, or Thing*, herein last before recapitulated, mentioned, and expressedj except as aforesaid, and other than by virtue and under the Authority of this present Act.

XXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That alt the Clauses, Provisions, Matters, wpTa'led to Ton- anc* Things, in the said former Act contained, other than and except so far forth as the same or any of tinuc ia*Force." them respectively are revoked, repealed, altered, amended, or otherwise explained, by the Force, Effect, and Operation of this present Act, shall be, Remain, and continue in full Force and Virtue, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in and by iViblkk Act# this present Act. And also, That this Act shall be taken and deemed to be a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same. ’

CAP. XXIV.

Claufai In the

An Act for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Southward and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cleaning, lighting, and watching, the same; and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages, adjoining thereto; and for preventing Annoyances therein.

frreamMe. Sec 7 Geo. * 37*

3*

WHEREAS the several Streets and Lanes within the Parishes of Saint George, Saint Saviour, Saint Olave, Saint John, and Saint Tljomas, and the Parts of the Parishes of Saint Mary Newington, and Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, which are called Blackman Street, Kent Street, Bermondsey Street, and a 4 Street called Snow's Fields, all in and near the Town and Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrtj,

are in general very ill paved and cleansed, and are not duly lighted and watched: And whereas the present Methods prescribed by Law, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the said Streets, Lanes, and Places, are inefficient for those Purposes: And whereas if Power was given to new pave and regulate the said Streets and Lanes, and to maintain and preserve the Pavement thereof for the future, and to cleanse, light, and watch, the same, and also the several Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, communicating

with or adjoining to the same, and to remove all Nuisances and Obstructions therein, and to prevent

the fame for the future; it would tend greatly to the Safety, Preservation, and Advantage, of the In- habitants of the said Streets, and other Places, and be of publick Utility :* May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24. i8i;

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, fn this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said several Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, and Two Dirtria» other Places, included in this Act, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be, and the same are hereby, appointed divided into two separate and dittincl Districts or Divisions, in Manner following; videlicet. The Panthers of Saint George, Saint Saviour, Saint Mary Newington, and so much of the High Street of the said Borough as is in the Parish of Saint Olave aforesaid, shall make one Division, and shall be called The JVejf Division; and the other Parts of the said Parish of Saint Olave, the Pariftics of Saint John and Saint Thomas, and the Parts of the said Panfli of Saint Mary Magdalen BermondJ'ey beforementioned, shall be the other Division, and be called Tie East Division.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That George Onslow of Ember Court, in the Commissionm. County of Surrey, Esquire; and Sir Francis Vincent Baronet, and the Knights of the Shire for the County of Sur rey for the time being; Sir Joseph Mawbey Baronet, and Henry Tbrale Esquire, and the Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Soutlowark for the time being; William Bowden Esquire, Treasurer of Saint Thomas’* Hospital, in the Borough of Southwark, and the Treasurer of the said Vlospital for the time being; Thou as Lucas Esquire, Treasurer of Guy’s Hospital, within the said Borough, and the Treasurer of the said Hospital for the time being; the Bailiff of the Borough of Southwark, Richard Roman Esquire, and his Successor and Successors in the Bridge Yard, and the Comptroller of the Bridge Yard for the time being; together with Matter Reger Pindar, Matter Thomas fVilkinJbn, Matter James Bulcock,

Matter Joseph Shaw, William Syrns Esquire, John Lroy Esquire, Matter Thomas Culver ley, George Evans Esquire, Dyer Bend Esquire, William Coffin Esquire, Matter William Barge fs, Matter William Cruttenden,

Matter John Abbifs, Matter Edmund Lardner, Simon Barratty Esquire, Matter John Hemming, Matter John Johrfon, Matter John Peyton, Matter Joshua Greensmith, Matter John Good, Matter Benjamin Driffield, William Golding Esquire, Matter Stephen Lowdell, Matter Joseph Burt, Edward Ru/Jell Esquire, Matter Ralph Royle, John Crouch Esquire, Matter William Jefferies, Matter William Winter, the Reverend Leonard Howard D. E). John Wood Esquire, Matter Edward Cooke, Thomas Dawson Esquire, Matter John R.wf-bottom, Matter Thomas Watson, Matter Samuel Spencer, Matter Isaac Stapleton, Matter John Crooke, Motes Waite Esquire, Matter John Fw% Matter William Tovey, Matter William Hill, Matter John Buck, Matter Robert Stevens, Matter Samuel Carter, Matter Edward Henjhnw, Matter Thomas Andrews, Matter William Hay es. Matter Meadows Neatly, Matter John Fowler, Nathaniel Pollhill Esquire, Matter Henry Keen,

Matter Thomas Alnidman, Mailer John Warrington* Matter Cornelius l/an Mildert, Matter Humphry Randall, Sir William Richardson Knight, the Reverend Simon Hughes Clerk, Edmund Dawson, Peter Champion, Richard Davis, James Searttncke, Philip Cox, Esquires; Charles Spence, Henry Butler, Charles Farrington, Martin Hurdis, Joseph Houghland, John Woodard, Richard Hi/ditch, Thomas JValton, Jocob Fsjler, JVibiam Strickland, William Doufon, George Flnrer, David Griffin, George Krepe, Thomas Rudd,

Jthn Nangrave, William Atkinson., William Breach, Robert Gregg, Thomas Chattel, Gentlemen; the Reverend Riclord Penneck Clerk, Edward Steavcns, Samuel Bennett Smith, Edward Brent, Jf/iUiam Mountain, Nathaniel Brent, John Ruse, Robert JVat fin, William Speck, George Turvile, Esquires; Thomas Smith,

Will iam Shearvjocd, Thomas Holt, Henry Sumner, John FaJJet, Richard Stevens, Samuel WoolLy, Hugh Meares, Joseph Shell en, George Sheplev, William Smith, Vincent Trchearn, Stephen Leefon, Thomas Donjon,

Gentlemen; John Mackr'ul, Richard Capell, Thomas Smalley Browning, Esquires; John Rvffell, Alattbnv Bay ley. Gentlemen: William Adams, Jeremiah Crutchley, Edmund Smith, Esquires; Ambrose Lyon, Samuel Hcihngfusrth, Nathaniel Randall, Francis Banks, Edward Layton, the Reverend William Sclater Clerk,

Daniel Alexander, Stephen Hodson, being Inhabitants of the said Parishes and Places, shall be, and they

and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein after-mentioned, are hereby appointed Commis-

honers for putting this Act in Execution; and in case of the Death of any of the gbove-named Commis-N*w Commit

sioners, or of their Removal out of their respective Divisions, or Refusal to act, it shall be lawful for the Honors to b*

surviving or remaining Commissioners of such respective Div ifion, or any five or more of them, from timethofco.

to time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to elect one other Person, being an Inhabitant within the respective Parish where such Vacancy shall happen, to be a Commissioner in the Room and Stead of such Commissioner so deceased, removed, or refuting to act; but ten Days Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Election, shall be given in some Newspaper published within the Weekly

Bills of Mortality; and every Person so elected, is hereby vetted with the same Powers for putting this

a a in Execution, as the Person in whose Place he shall be chosen, was vetted with.

III. Provided always, That the Knights of the Shire for the County of Surrey, and the Burgesses to certain Com-ferxe in Parliament for the Borough of Southwark, the Treasurer of Saint Thomas’s Hospital, the Treasurer rrnfionert

of Guy*% Hospital, the Bailiff of the Borough, Richard Roman Esquire, his Successor and Successors in the ‘n Oii- Bridge Yard, and the Comptroller of the Bridge Yard for the time being, shall be Commissioners for, and lr,c * may act upon all Occasions in the Execution of, this Act in both Divisions.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be Qualification* crapable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be in his own Right, or

in Right of his Wife, in the actual Poffifion, or Receipt of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of fifty Pounds, or poHefted of, or intitled to, a Per foil al Ettate to the Value of 011c thousand Pounds; and if any Person not being so qualified shall presume to act, every such Person shall, Penalty on. for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to any Person or Perform who shall sue * H if for the lame, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the <lu*hflcU» Case. or by Bill, Suit* or Information, wherein no fcfloin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more thaa enc Imparlance, shall be allowed; and every Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as afore-

i 82 C. 24.

Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

Commissioners to divide them* frlYCft at their Arft Meeting5

and afterwards adjourn and ~ meet as they

If a sufficient Number do not

said, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, upon Proof given of his having acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall meet together at the Town Hall on Saint Margaret's Hill% on the second Monday

after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon, and shall meet afterwards at the same Place within the same Hours, as often as it shall be necessary for putting lb much of this Act in Execution, as is hereby committed to their Care and Charge at such General Meeting; and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them present at such General Meeting, such maior Part not being less than fifteen, shall then and there, and from time to time, ascertain and set down in Writing the Monies they shall adjudge necessary to be borrowed for new paving the said Streets and Lanes, or any of them; and that no Order er Direction for borrowing Money for such Purpose, shall be made or given otherwise than at such General Meeting; and the said Commissioners present at such first Meeting shall divide themselves and the other Commissioners not present, and act for all other the Purposes of this Act, within the Division where they shall respectively reside, and not otherwise or elsewhere,

per. m pr°" except as is herein particularly authorised and directed; and the said Commissioners, within their respective Divisions, shall meet together at such Place within each respective Division, and at such Time as shall at such General Meeting be appointed, and shall proceed to the Execution of this Act within their respective Divisions; and shall then, and from time to time afterwards, adjourn themselves, and meet at such House or Houses within the said Borough of Southwark, as they shall think proper or convenient for putting this Act in Execution within their respective Divisions \ and if at any Meeting appointed to be meet. Clerk to held by virtue of this Act, there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Commissioners to act, and to appoint another adjourn to another Day, or in case the Commissioners so assembled shall omit or neglect to adjourn them-

jvieetingj selves; then, and in such Case, the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall by publick Notice in some News Paper printed within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, to be given at lean ten Days before the next on hu Neglect, Meeting $ or in case the said Clerk shall happen to die before such Notice given, or shall neglect, refuse, two Comm 1(0- or omit> to give such Notice as aforesaid, then any two Commissioners shall and may, by the like publick oners may ap- Notice, appoint the said Commissioners to meet at the Place where the last Meeting was appointed to be point one. held, within fourteen Days next after the Day on which such last Meeting was appointed to be held;

and that all Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners, in Execution of this Act (except as is herein after excepted) shall be at Meetings held in pursuance of this Act, and not otherwise j and that no such Order or Determination shall be made, unless the major Part of the Commissioners present shall

concur therein, such major Part not being a less Number than the Number by this Act authorised to make such Order or Determination; nor shall any Commissioner be capable of acting in Execution of this Act, during the Time he shall hold any Office under, or have any Share or Interest in, any Contraft relating to the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, within their respective Divisions, shall and may, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, at their first or any subsequent Meeting, giving fourteen Days Notice thereof after the first Meeting in some Publick News Paper, appoint one or more Clerk or Clerks, and Treasurer or Treasurers, and Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, of the Rates or Assessments, Surveyor or Surveyors, and such other Officer or Officers, for the Execution of this Act, as they the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think proper, and, from time to time, remove him or them, and appoint others, as they shall find necessary or convenient; and by and out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, may and are hereby impowered to appoint and pay such Salaries and Allowances to such Officers, and to all other Persons by them the said Commissioners employed in the Execution of this Act, as they shall think reasonable; and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall and may take such Security for the due Execution of the respective Offices, by such Person and Persons as aforesaid, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think proper; and such Person or Persons as is or are hereby made liable to pay the several Rates or Sums of Money hereby granted, shall pay the same to such Person or Persons as shall, from time to time, be so appointed to collect and receive the same, according to the true Meaning of this Act; and all such Officers and Persons, so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, under their Hands, at such Time and Times, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall direct, deliver to such Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act; and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Officer or Officers, and Person or Persons respectively, received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments; and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as *hey shall appoint; and all the said Officers and persons, so accounting as aforesaid, shall, upon Oath, if thereunto required, which Oath the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby impowered and required to administer, verify their said Accounts; and if any such Officer or Person shall not make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath, any such Account, or to produce or deliver up the Vouchers relating to the same, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within ten Days after being thereunto required by any five or more of such Commissioners, all Books, Papers, and Writings, in his Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act; or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies as, upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts, shall appear to be in their respective

Hands,

Commissioners not to have Shares in Conti acts, Sec, They may appoint Officers,

and remove them, and appoint others $ and allow them Salaries.

Officers to jive Security j

to account j

ntl Oliver up All Books, tec.

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24. 183

Hands, to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or as they shall direct or appoint; then, and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may and are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions , in the Names of such Commissioners, or in the Name or Names of any two or more of them, against the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, in order for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; or if Complaint shall be made by the said Commissioners, or by any five or more of them, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing, shall be and reside; such Justices may, and are hereby authorised and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, to be brought before them; and upon his and their appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way: And if, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnessfes upon Oath, which Oath such Justices are hereby impowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward, it shall appear to such Justices, that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act, shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons; such Justices may and are hereby authorised and required, upon Nonpayment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively: And if no Goods or Chattles of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling the same; then, and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Justices shall commit every such Offender to the House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint; which Compofnion the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to make; or until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings, as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof, to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them.

VII. Provided always, That as often as any Collector or Receiver of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, shall die, or be incapable of performing his Duty, it shall be lawful for any five or more of the said Commissioners, though not assembled at any Meeting pursuant to this Act, by any Writing under their Hands, to appoint another Person to coiled such Monies; and such Person shall continue to collect the dune until the Commissioners shall, at a Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, appoint a Collector or Receiver of such Monies; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstandin^.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be employed as a Clerk, Treasurer, Collector, Receiver, or Surveyor, or any other Officer or Servant who shall be any ways employed by the said Commissioners in putting this ACi or any the Powers thereof in Execution, shall exact, take, or accept, any Fee or Reward whatsoever, other than such Salaries, Allowances, and Rewards, as shall be appointed, allowed, and approved of, by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, for or on account of any Thing done, or to be done, by virtue of this Act, or on any Account whatsoever relative to the putting this Act in Execution; or shall any ways be concerned in Interest in any Bargain or Contract made, or to be made, by the said Commissioners, or any of them, for the Purposes of putting this Act in Execution; every such Person so offending shall be incapable of ever serving or being employed under this Act, and shall over and above forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, within lix Calendar Months after the Offence committed, in which said Suit no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, obstruct, hinder, or molcft, any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers, Workman, Person or Persons whatsoever, who is, are, or shall be, employed by virtue of this Act, in the Performance or Execution of their Duty, every such Person so offending shall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings; for the second Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings; and for the th. J, and every other Offence, the Sum of three Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they, or any seven or more of them, are hereby authorised and required, from time to time, at a General Meeting assembled, to appoint a Collector or Collectors of the 'l olls, and a Treasurer or Treasurers of the Money to be collected or raised by virtue of this Act, as, or upon Account of, the Tolls hereby authorised to be taken; and the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall take such Security of such Treasurer or Treasurers for the due Execution of his and their Office, as the said Trustees, o' any seven or more of them, shall think proper, before such Treasurer or Ties hirers shall be allowed to cr.:cr upon his or their Office; and such Treasurer and Treasurers shall, from time to time, as soon as conveniently may be, after he or they shall have received the Sum of three hundred Pounds of the Monies apprvntrj to be received by him. or them by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act, p; y the same into the llu,k of England* in the Name of, and on Account of the said Commissioners, and to be disposed o' determined by Order of the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled for the Purposis of this Act*; and all such Collectors and.Treasurers so to be appointed, shall, and they ajc h;cby made Jiab;c to account to and with the said Trustees, or any tcv^n or more of them, at a

7 General

Commissionera may appoint Offices* though not at a publick. Meeting.

Officer* taking any Reward, other than their Salaries,

or being inter*

efied in any Bargain made by the Commiflknerf, are disqualified* from being employed under this and forfeit also icol.

Penalty onin-tjyrupting

Workmen, fisc.

Comrr.jflSoners-t ’v ap-»oiiit Col-!ccIof sand Tree* fu.ers of the Tolls.

Treaforerto give Security.'

Money to be pid into the B.nk.

Officers 10 atwvuki.

C. 24.

Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

to be paved, cleansed, and lighted.

General Meeting assembled, with respect to the Business by virtue of this Act committed to their Care and Charge respectively, and to be removed from their Offices in such and the same Manner, and subject to and under such and the same Rules, Orders, Penalties, and Punishments, as are herein before prescribed and directed with respect to Officers to be appointed within the respective Divisions.

The Streets, &c.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said second Monday, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, within their respective Divisions, shall have full Power and Authority, from time to time, to order and direct the said Streets and Lancs, or any of them within their respective Divisions, to be paved, repaired, raised, sunk, or altered; and also to cause, order, and direct, the said Streets and Lanes, and the said several Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, to be cleansed, lighted, and watched, when and in such Manner as they shall think fit.

What Street*

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the shall be first Pavements of the High Street, from the South End of London Bridge, to the Stones End in Blackman

pjvcd. Street, Church Lane, Kent Street, and White Street, in the West Division, and from the West End of Tooley

Street, to the North End of Bermondsey Street, in the East Division, shall be completed, previous to and before any other Street or Place, within the respective Divisions, shall be begun to be paved.

The High Street

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners, haying the Care how 10 be paved, of the said West Division, shall, and they are hereby required to cause the said High Street, from London Bridge to the Stones End in Blackman Streets to be paved with the Stone known by the Name of tVhyn Quarry Stoney or with Rock Stone, or with Stone of a flat Surface.

Materials may

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five be dug out of, or more of them, shall also have full Power and Authority to cause to be dug, carted, and carried out of, or brought into, brought into, the said Streets and Lanes, such Gravel, Stones, and other Materials; and to employ e treets, c. such Artificers, Workmen, Labourers, Carters, and others; and to issue such Money on those Accounts, and to do all and every such other Acts and Things as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall judge necessary or conducive to the accomplishing of the Ends and Designs of this Act. Commissioner*

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may, and may make Con* are hereby impowered, from time to time, at any of their said Meetings, as Occasion shall require, to tx-ifts. contract with any fit Person or Persons, for paving and keeping in Repair the said Streets and Lanes,

and for cleansing and lighting the same, and likewise the several Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places above described; which Contraft and Contrafts shall specify the several Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the same, and the Time or Times when the said Works shall be completed, and the Penalties to be suffered in case of Non-performance thereof; and shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and by the Person or Persons contrafting to perform such Works; but previous to the making of any such Contraft, fourteen Days Notice shall be given in some publick News Paper, expressing the Intention of the intended Contraft, in order that any Persons willing to undertake the same, may make Proposals for that Purpose, to be offered and presented to the said Commissioners at a certain Time and Place in each Notice to be mentioned.

Scavengers, by

XVI. Provided always, That the Person or Persons so contrafted with for cleansing the said Streets and Consent of the other Places, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall have Liberty, by the Approbation and Order of the justices, may Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said Town and Places, or any two or more of them, to lodge their Dirt, Duff, Ashes, or other Filth, in such vacant and publick Places in or near the said Streets, and other Places, as shall not appear to the said Justices to be intended to be built upon, and shall be thought convenient by the said Justices, for the Accommodation of the Country Carts; they the said Persons, so contrafted with, giving such Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such vacant Places, as the said Justices shall direct.

Sumvorsroin-

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or airy fj>e&ihcWorks. five of more of them, and they are hereby directed to cause all and every the Wo»ks done in purftiance of this Act, to be inspected by their Surveyor or Surveyors, or by such other Person or Persons as they shall, from time to time, appoint; and in case the same shall not be well and sufficiently performed, according to the true Sense and Meaning of such Contraft or Contrafts; or shall not be finished and completed at or within the-Time or Times that the same are agreed to be completed by the said Contract: or Contrafts, the said Commissioners shall and may, in their own Names, or in the Names of two of them, bring an Action in any of his Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster, against any Person or Persons so contrafting and neglecting to perform such Contraft or Contrafts, and for any Penalty or Penalties, Damage or Damages, which shall be contained in such Contraft or Contrafts; and upon the proving the signing of the said Contraft or Contrafts, and Non-performance thereof, at the Time or Times for the Purposes therein mentioned, the said Commissioners shall be intided to, and shall recover* such Penalty or Penalties, Damage or Damages, which, when recovered, shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act, within the Division where the Matter shall arise.

Agreement be-

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this tween Lmilord Act contained shall be deemed or taken to make void any Contraft, Covenant, or Agreement, between and Tenant, Landlord and Tenant, touching or concerning the Paving the said Streets, lighting or cleansing the same, or the said Courts, Yards, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Places, any or any Part of them, or either of them; but that every Person who is now, by virtue of any such Contract or Agreement, obliged to pave, keep in Repair, cieanfe, or light, any Part of the said Streets, Courts, Yards, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, or Places, or either of them, shall, in lieu thereof, be obliged to pay the Rates hereby directed to be made and a fluffed, or so much thereof as shall, by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, be deemed jutt and reasonable, according to the t^ue Meaning of such Contraft, Covenant, or Agreement, ' for

£rc. in any vacant Place j

making Satis-fa&um.

touching the Riving, &rc. Street*, Arc. not vacated.

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24. 185

for and during such Time as such Contrail, Covenant, or Agreement, shall remain in Force; and in case any Dispute shall arise concerning such Contrail, Covenant, or Agreement, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall have Power, and they are hereby required to hear and finally determine the same. ’

XIX. And, for the better Information of the said Commissioners in putting this Act in Execution, be

it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Per- Persons authe-fons authorised by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at all convenient Times (first byhc having an Order under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, for that Pur- t pose) to inspeil and take Copies of, or Extrails out of of from, any Book or Books, Rate or Rates, -,nirc&, *c. p*. made or kept by any Parish Officer or Officers, or other Officer or Officers appointed by Authority of tochui Rates. Parliament, within the Cities of London or Westminster, or Counties of Middlesex or Surrey, for the paving, cleansing, or lighting, any Square, Street, Lane, Place, or District, in London, Westminster, Middlesex, or Surrey; which Inspection, Copies, and Extrails, the Vestry Clerk or Vestry Clerks, or other Officer or Officers of the respective Parishes and Places, or other Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, having the Custody of such Book and Rate, Books and Rates, are hereby required to permit and suffer to be made, without Fee or Reward, by such Receiver or Receivers, or other Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid, on their producing an Order under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, for that Purpose: And in case any such Vestry Clerk, or other such Officer or Officers, or Per- if Re* son or Persons, shall negleil or refuse so to do, within fourteen Days after such Order shall be produced £jeark y5sccftry and shewn to him or them, or a Copy thdTeof left at his or their last or most usual Place of Abode; then, and in every such Case, he or they so refusing or neglecting, shall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings; for the second Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings j and for the third and every other Offence, the Sum of three Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Accounts and Contrafts of Contrafti made the Commissioners of eact\ of the said Divisions shall, at all Times, be open and free for the Inspection in each Divi-And Examination of all and every of the Commissioners appointed by this Act; and that the Commis- f,on> free for the fioners of each of the said Divisions, within eight Days after Demand in Writing shall be made by any ynfpe^nnof of the said Commissioners for that Purpose, shall cause a true Copy of such Accounts and Contrafts, or

of so much thereof as shall be so required, to be delivered to such of the said Commissioners who shall require the same, upon Payment of the Sum of one Shilling for every hundred Words and Figures which shall be contained in such Copy.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority Aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five Watchmen, or more of them, shall and may, yearly and every Year and they ate hereby authorised and required, to order and establim such Number of Watchmen. Beadles, and other Officers, as they shall judge necessary and proper to be kept or employed in the said Streets, and other Places, as aforesaid; and to nominate and appoint such honed and ablebodied Men to be employed in that Service, as they shall think bed qualified for the same; and shall likewise direct and appoint, in Writing, how and where the several ' Watchmen shall be stationed, and in what Manner they shall be armed, how often they shall go their Rounds, how long they shall continue upon Duty, and What Wages shall be allowed to such Watchmen,

Beadles, and other Persons, for their Attendance; and shall and may also erect, hire, or otherwise provide, a proper Place or Places for the Reception of the Watchmen, Beadles, and other Persons, as aforesaid; and shall make all such Orders and Regulations in Writing, as the Nature of the Service shall appear to them the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to require.

XXII. And be it further enacted by foe Authority aforesaid, That true Copies or Transcripts of all Regulation* r# such Nominations, Orders, and Regulations, as shall be made, from time to time, for the better Direction r‘*'-ncd. by and Government of the Watchmen, Beadles, and other Persons, shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or any five or mote of them; and the said Watchmen, Beadles, and other Persons, shall keep Watch and Ward within the said Streets, and other Places, for such respective Times, and in such Manner, as shall, from time to time, be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them; and shall, in their several Turns and Courses of watching, use their heft Endeavours to prevent all Mischiefs happening by Fires, and all Murders, Burglaries, Robberies, Breaches of the King’s Peace, and all other Outrages and Disorders; and to that End shall, and they are hereby jointly and severally empow- Diltorben cf ered and required, to arrest, apprehend, and detain, in the Watch-house, or other convenient Place of n»e Pr*<c Security, to be provided or'appointed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, vvirhm; *fctuicd* or near to, the said Streets, all Malefactors, Disturbers of the King’s Peace, and all suspected Persons,

who shall be found wandering or misbehaving themselves, and shall carry them (so fopn as conveniently may be) before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said Town and Places, to be examined and dealt with according to Law; and the said Beadles, and other Persons, shall, so often in every Night as shall be ordered by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, go about their respective Difixifts and Rounds, to take Notice whether all the Watchmen perform their Duty in their several Stations, according to such Orders and Regulations, as shall be provided for that Purpose by the said Commissioners as aforesaid: And in case any Watchman shall misbehave himself, or neglectliis Duty, the said Beadles, or other Person or Persons respectively, shall, as soon as conveniently. may be, give Notice thereof to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, who is hereby authorised to suspend such Watchman from the Execution of his Office, and appoint another Person to officiate therein until the next Meeting of the said Commissioners, when the said Treasurer shall acquaint the Commissioners assembled at such Meeting with the Complaint against such Watchman, in order for the said Commissioners to proceed to the Examination of the Offence; and such Watchman shall be subject

i86

C. 24.

Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

Pen*lty on Bead'e*, &c. neglecting Duty.

Watchmen to apprehend Malefactor*.

Property of all Materials vetted in the Commissioners;

Penalty on steal-

or injuring the Materials;

ind on damaging or extin-g a Wiling Lamps,

and liable to the Penalty of five Shillings for every such Neglect or Mish;haviour, or be discharged from his said Office of Watchman.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Beadles, and other Persons, or any of them, shall wilfully neglect to attend in their turn to keep Watch and Ward, or shall not come to keep Watch and Ward, in Manner or during the Times which shall be appointed by the said Commissioners for their Attendance thereon; or shall depart from, or leave keeping Watch and Ward, during the respective Hours appointed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid for keeping the same, or shall otherwise neglect their Duty, or misbehave themselves; the Persons so offending mail respectively forfeit and pay, for every such Neglect or Offence, any Sum n ,t exceeding twenty Shillings.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Watchmen, or any of them, in the Absence of the Beadle, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid; and they are hereby respectively authorised and required, in their several Stations, during the Time of their keeping Watch and Ward, to apprehend all such Malefactors, Disturbers of the King’s Peace, and all such suspected Persons who shall be found wandering or misbehaving themselves; and to carry the Person or Persons so apprehended (as soon as conveniently maybe) before some neighbouring Justice of the Peace for the said County, to be examined and dealt with according to Law; and to keep such Person or Persons. within the Watch-house, or some other Place of Safety in the mean Time

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Property of the Pavements* Lamps, Iron, Timber, Furniture, Watch-houses, Turnpikes, Toll-houses, and of all other Materials and Things, which shall be provided or made use of for the Purposes of this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the Commissioners within their respective Divisions for the time being; and they, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, in the Name or Names of any one or more of them; or to prefer, and order and direct the preferring of Indi&ments, against any Person or Persons who shall steal, take, or carry away, any or any Part of such Materials or 1 hings, or disturb them in the Possession thereof-

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, throw down, or otherwise damage, any of the Lamps which shall be erected by the said Commissioners, or any of the Posts, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, or extinguish any of the said Lamps when lighted; it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said Town and Places, and he and they is and are hereby required, upon Oath made of the Commission of any such Offence (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer to any Person or Persons offering to make the same) to issue a Warrant or Warrants, for apprehending the Party or Parties accused; or it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to apprehend, as also for any other Person or Persons, to assist in apprehending, the Offender or Offenders, and by Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey him, her, or them, or to deliver him, her, or them, into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the said Town and Places, to be dealt with as herein after is directed; and the Party or Parties accused, being brought before any such Justice, or Oath being made before him, that such Party or Parties cannot be found and apprehended (which Oath the said Justice is hereby also impowered and required to administer) such Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses, who shall appear or be produced to give Information touching such Offence; and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of such Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or upon such Information as aforesaid, he, she, or they, so convicted, shall, for the first Offence, respectively forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings for each Lamp so broken, thrown down, damaged, or extinguished as aforesaid; and for the second Offence, the Sum of fifteen Shillings; and for the third, and every subsequent Offence, the Sum of twenty Shillings; and full Satisfaction shall also be made to the said Commissioners, or to their Surveyor, by such Offender or Offenders, for the Damage so by him, her, or them, done as aforesaid; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not upon Conviction pay such Forfeiture by him, her, or them, incurred, and make such Satisfaction as aforesaid, the Justice before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, is hereby required to commit him, her, or them, to the House of Correction for the said County, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months; and such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he, she, or they, shall be committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given; and one Moiety of the said respective Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act: And if any Person shall negligently or accidentally break, throw down, or otherwise damage, any of the said Lamps, or any of the rofts. Irons, or other Furniture thereof, and shall nor, upon Demand, make Satisfaction to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or to their Surveyor, for the Damage by such Person done as aforesaid; it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said Town and Places, and he is hereby required, upon Complaint to be made by any five or more of the said Commissioners, or by their Surveyor, to summon the Party complained of; and upon his or her Appearance, or making Default to appear (Oath being made that the Party complained of was served with such Summons, or that the same was left at his or her Dwelling-house or Place of Abode, if known, r that he or she could not be found) such Justice shall proceed to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and upon Proof thereof, either by Confession of the Party complained of, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath the said Justice is hereby impowered and required to administer) shall award and order such Satisfaction to be made by the Party complained of, for the Damage lb by him or her done, as to such Justice shall appear just and reasonable; and shall cause the Sura

3 so

187

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24.

r.vartLd 'in case the same be not piid forthwith upon the making of such Award or Order) to be levied determined by D.lticls ar.J Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattles, rendering to him or Her the Overplus (if any up: n Demand, after the Charges of prosecuting such Complaint, and of such Distress and Sale, shall be dt. uJled; and in case sufficient Ddlreis cannot be found, such Justice shall commit the Party complained ol tu the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County or Borough, until he or she shall pay L> awarded, or for any Time not exceeding the Space of one Calendar Month.

XXVII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, within their respective Divisions, from time to t:ir,r, f !r 11 and di'pofcof all or any Part of the old Pavement, or other Materials, to such Person or Per-Km' ns shall be willing to purchase the same, and to apply the Purchase-money to the Put poles of this Act

XXV1IJ. And be it fn ithci enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Part et the Pavement of the said Streets or Lancs shall be taken up for the Purposeof making, repairing, altering r.:a:.f:ng, or emptying, any Sewer, Vault, or Drain, or of laying, altering, or amending, any Water Pipe (i Plug, or kr any other Purpose whatsoever; the Person or Persons so taking up such Pavement, shall i r?r.eoi :tely giv e Notice thereof to the Sutveyor or Clerk to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Lxecmim, in or Jer that the same may, with all convenient Speed, be laid down and repaired, under the Impcclion of the said Surveyor, and the Charges and Expences thereof shall be paid by the said Commis-frncis, and they shall be reimbursed the same by the Person or Persons, Companies of Water-works, or Commissioners of Sewers, who shall take up, or cause or procure to be taken up, the said Pavement, or any Part or Parts thereof.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful for the said Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or any five or more of them, within their respecti ve Divisions, from time to time, to compound and agree with the said Companies, or Commissioners of Sewers, or other Pci son or Persons respectively, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Foot or o;h:r Measure, as the said Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or any five or more of them, Cull think reasonab’e; in lieu and in stead of laying down or repairing such Pavement as shall be necessarily tak en tip for any the Purposes aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case such Person or Persons, Companies of Water-works, or Commissioners of Sewers respectively, shall neglect or refuse to pay what the said Commissioners shall have so paid and disbursed, or what shall be due upon such Contract or Com-p'-fi:ion as aforesaid, within ten Days next after Notice thereof, to be left, by the Receiver or Receivers app jmted, or to be appointed, by the said Commissioners, at the Dwelling-house, or last Place of Abode, of such Person or Persons, or of the Secretary or Secretaries, Clerk or Clerks, of such Companies of Water-works, or Commissioners of Sewers respectively; which Notice shall be in Writing, and signed by the Clerk to the Commissioners for putting this Atft in Execution, by order of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and annexed to the Bill, containing an Account of the Expence of such Re-p~rr, or Money due upon such Competition; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said lad mentioned Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, in the Name of their Clerk for the time being, for the Reco-\ rry of such Sum or Sums of Money respectively; and in case such Person or Persons hereby directed to give fieri Notice to the Surveyor or Clerk, as is before dircifted, shall neglect so to do for the Space of twenty-k»ur Hours after such Pavement shall be so taken up, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Oft'ence, f ^rfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, for tho Purposes of this Act, it fh Jl 3t any Time be found necessary to raise, fink, or any otherwise alter, the Postion of any of the Pipes or Hu s laid down or placed by the said Companies, or of any of the leaden or other Pipes which shall be Did into or from any of the said Companies Pipes, which the said Commissioners, or any five or more of tVcrr*, are hereby impowered to cause to be done, as often and in such Places as they shall think proper; Xve fame shall be paid for out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, and shall be done with as little Detriment or Inconvenience to the said Companies, and other Persons, as the Circumftuncc of the Case w d! a 'mit of.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as it shall happen, that any Pipe or Pipes belonging to any Water Company shall break or burst in the said Streets or l.anc*, or either of them, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor to the said Commissioners for t ie time being, or such other Person as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall appoint f -r that Purpose, to give immediite Notice thereof to the Paviour of the Water Company to whom lie iporchrnJs such Pipe or Pipes does, or do, or may belong, and require him to take up the Pavement, and # nen the Ground, at or near the Five where the Water mall or may issue, determined by reason of such Pipe or Pipes brr..kir g or belting, within rv.o Days next after such Notice given to such Pav our, or left at his last or tu r-.ti Pijrc c f Abode; and if upon taking up the Pavement, and opening the Ground, it shall appear that the Pipe or Pipes so broke or burst, do not belong to the Water Company whose Paviour shall hive taken up such Pavement, andopeivd such Ground, that then, and in such Ca(e, the Surveyor, ' other Person as aforesaid, shall give immediate Notice to the Paviour of that Company to whom rt fn *! 1 aopcar that the said Pipe or Pipes belong, such Notice to be given or left with such Paviour, or it t: I. !..t urj.l Place of Abode; and the Paviour of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes shall h- cp'g, hereby rtq tred to repair the same, and fid in the Ground within six Days after such Notice; n or as afoichoj, and also within twelve Hours alter such Pipe shall be repaired, and the Ground fined in, to give Notice to the Paviour or Paviours contracting with the said Commissioners, or

Ccrr.rriflicrrri TTuy ff 11 the o!J Material*, a> d apply the Mono/, 4 c.

N. ’;ce to be giv-n to Sur-«jcr of tsking ’p rn ci :cr repairing, See,

?r y Vault or Dnin, &c.

Commissioner* A to rehy »t, ar.4 be re’rnburftd the Expence?.

Comm iTiorrr*

mav contract ‘ with tr c Companies, See. for relaying such, Pavement*.

On R'fufal of Payment,

an Action in be brought f the Money.

Commissioner* to pay for altci in^ Pipes.

Where any of the Wa'erCom-pan:r* Pipe* break, Notice to be riven to luih Co;nranie*.

When complex d, Notice 10 be g*ren so Commuhonci* Pavioift.

Lb z

to

i88 C. 24.

Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

whom it docs belong,

Peviours to Water Compa

eyor or Clerk of their Names and Abode.

to the Surveyor, or other Person aforesaid, of such Pipe or Pipes being repaired, and such Ground being filled in, such Notice to be given to such Contractor, Surveyor, or other Person, or left at his or their If it profts thit or u^ual Place of Abode: Anddn case it shall happen that the Paviour who first receives Notice to take the Pipe does up the Pavement, and open the Ground for the Purposes aforesaid, shall take up such Pavement, and open not belong to the such Ground, and it shall then be discovered that the Pipe or Pipes which is, are, or shall be burst or Company who broke, doth or do not belong to the Company to whom he is Paviour; that then, and in such Case, the Ground° they Pav*Qur of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes belong, shall make Satisfaction to the Paviour who so are to be paid took up such Pavement, and opened such Ground for such Work; and in case the Paviour to whom such

their charges by Notice shall be so given to take up such Pavement, amj open such Ground, shall neglect or refuse to do

thg Company to the same, within the said two Days after such Notice given, he shall, for the first Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings, for the second Offence, the bum of forty Shillings, and for the third, and every other Offence, the Sum of three Pounds; and in case the Paviour of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes so broke or burst shall belong, shall neglect or refuse to repair and amend the same, and fill in the Ground so taken up, for the Space of six Days next after such Notice given, or shall neglect to give Notice to the Paviour or Paviours contrafting with the said Commissioners, or to the Surveyor to the said Commissioners, or to such other Persons as aforesaid, such Paviour shall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings, for the second Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings, and for the third and every other Offence, the Sum of three Pounds; and if the Person or Persons contracting with the said Commissioners, to relay such Pavement so broke and taken up, for the Reasons aforesaid, mall neglect or refuse to relay such Pavement, in a good, sufficient, and effectual Manner, within two Days after such Notice given to him as aforesaid; or if the Surveyor, or other Person to whom such Notice shall be given, shall neglect to acquaint the Contractor of fu<?h Notice, then, and in every such Case, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings j for thp second Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings; and for the third and every other Offeree, the Sum of three Pounds.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Paviours now appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, by the said several and respective Water Companies, shall, nies togiveNo- and they are hereby required, within the Space of three Days next after the passing this Act, or within tice f he Sur- the Space of three Days next after he shall De appointed Paviour to such Company or Companies, to give Notice in Writing to the Surveyor or Clerk for the time being to the said Commissioners of his the said Paviour’s Name, Place of Abode, and to what Company he is raviour; and in case any such Paviour or Paviours shall negledfc or refuse to give such Notice within the respective Times aforesaid, every such Paviour so offending in either of the said cases, shall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings; for the second Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings; and for the third and every other Offence, the Sumef three Pounds.

No Alteration to

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall make, be made in the or cause to be made, any Alteration in the Form of any of the Pavement of the said Streets or Lanes,

Torm of the Cr of any Part thereof, without the Consent and Direction of the said Commissioners, or any five or more

wh'ho'Vcom under their Hands and Seals; upon Pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, the Sum of five

snifHoners Con* Pounds, over and above all Expences incurred or to be incurred in reinstating the same, sent. XX3£V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and

Course of Gut- ^or said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to direct and cause the Course tersro be turned of any Gutter or Channel, running in or through the said Streets or Lanes, or either of them, to be tum-if necessary, ed or altered in such Manner as they shall think proper, and to diredk the Grates already placed, or hereafter to be placed, over any Sewers, to be removed and replaced in such Manner, and at such Place and Places, as they shall think most proper; all which shall, from time to time, be done at the Expence of the said Commissioners, and paid for out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act; any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as there shall be Occasion to make new or additional Gratis over any Sewer or Sewers within the said Streets or Lanes, or either of them, or to repair or alter any of the old Grates belonging to the Commissioners of Sewers,

in the said Streets or Lanes, or either of them, the same shall be made new, repaired, or altered, by, and

at the Expence of, the said Commissioners of Sewers; and the same, when lb made new, repaired, or oi Sr we is to pay altered, shall he laid down in such Places, and at such Distance from each other, and in such Manner and the Expence. Form, as shall be direffed by the Surveyor to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, at the Expence of the salt! Commissioners of Sewers; and in case the said Commissioners of Sewers shall neglect: or refuse so to do for the Space of ten Days next after Notice given or left with their Clerk or Clerks for the time being, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, or any five or more of them, or their Surveyor, to cause such Grate or Grates as shall be necessary to be made new, repaired, altered, and laid down, to be so made hew, repaired, altered, and laid down; the Expence whereof shall be reimbursed and paid by the said Commissioners of Sewers, or recovered of them in like Manner as the Charges and Expences of relaying pavements is herein before authorised to be recovered.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Sewer or Drain, which is or shall be under the Direction of the Commissioners of Sewers, and which shall he situate in, or communicating with the said Streets or Lanes, or either of them, shall require to be made new, repaired, altered, cleansed, or emptied; then, and in every such Case, the said Commissioners of Sewers fh ill, within six Days after Notice given to or left for their Surveyor for the time being, at his last or usual Place of Abode, by the said Commissioners appointed to put this Act in Execution, or any five or

more

and Grates altered, Sc c.

Where it shall be necessary to make new Grates, or re-piir nldonff, Comrri'fiioners

fcrwrers to bt repaired, &c. by Comraif. sioners of Sewers*

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III.

0.24. 189

vnoreoT them* or by the Surveyor, or other Person authorised by them, make new, eflfcftuilly repair,

clean, or empty, such Sewer or Drain, as the Case may require: And, in Default thereof, that it shall On their N>-

and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, or any five or more of them, tVb-’.w b*

or their Surveyor or Surveyors for the time being, to Cause such Sewer or Drain to be made new, repaired, t! < r- Cornrc'f-

altered, cleansed, or emptied, as the Case may require, or so much thereof a* shall remain unfinished; n wrs,

the Charges and Expences whereof shall be paid by the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, pfor by

who (half be reimbursed the same by the Clerk or Treasurer for the time being to the said Commissioners of CommuTwner*

Sewers: And, in case the said Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners of Sewers shall ntgieftor01 c*cr<*

refuse to pay what shall have been so paid and disbursed, within ten Days next after Notice thereof iiiall be

left at the Dwelling-house, or last Place of Abode of such Clerk or Treasurer; which Notice shall be in

Writing, and signed by the Clerk to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, and annexed to

the Bill, containing an Account of such Charges and Expences 5 it shall and may be lawful to and for the said

Lfi mentioned Commissioners, or-any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered

to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions in the Name of their Clerk for the time being,

against such Clerk or Treasurer of the Commissioners for the time being, for the Recovery of such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall have so expended for the Purposes aforesaid; in which Action or Actions no

tfloin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever Penalty of by-

shall throw, cast, or lay, or cause, or permit, or fufter to be thrown, call or laid, any Arties, Dust, Dirt, jnr Ashej,

Soil, or other Filth whatsoever, before any Dwelling-house, Shop, Stable, Building, or Wall, in either in the Stteett* of the said Streets or Lanes, or in any or either of the said Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places; but

shall keep, or cause the same to be kept, in their respective Houses or Yards, until such Time as the Person or Persons contracted with or employed to carry away such Ashes, Dust, Dirt, Filth, or Soil, do oome by or near their Houses, Doors, or Places, where they dwell, with a Cart or Carts, or other Conveniences, for carrying away the same, upon Pain of forfeiting, for the first Offence, the Sum of five Shillings; for the second Offence, the Sum of ten Shillings; and for the third, and every other Offence, the Sum of twenty Shillings.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, Penalty on 0% from and after the said second Monday next after the passing of this Act, set out, lay, drive, or carry, or 5a,n*-thcb ause or procure, permit or suffer, to be set out, laid, drove, or carried, any Coach, Cart, Dray, Waggon, c/rHi«», CTua* or other Carriage, Wheels, Timber, Stones, or any other Material, Matter, or Thing, which may occa- ber, or other fion any Annoyance, Nuisance, or Obstruction whatsoever, in the said Streets or Lanes, or either of Materials, than, lb as to flop, obstruct, incommode, or endanger, any Person or Persons, Carriage or Carriages whatsoever, parting thereon; or if any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, with Hay or Straw therein lor

Sale; or any Cart, Waggon, Coach, or other Carriage, intended to be let out or worked for Hire (except

Hackney Coaches, which shall Hand in such Part or Parts of the said Streets or Lanes, cr some of them, as Coa* hr/except*

shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them) shall be fuss'ered to (land in ea.

either of the said Streets or Lanes for any the Purposes aforesaid respectively; or if any Cart, Waggon, or

other Carriage, or any Wheel-bairow, shall be suffered to remain in the said Streets or Lanes, or either of

them, any longer than is needful and prdper for the necessary loading or unloading thereof respectively

or if any Cart, Dray, ox other Carriage, shall be placed or set across any Part of any of the said Streets oP

Lanes within the said Parishes, or either of them, for the Purposes of loading or unloading the same; it

Hull and may be lawful, in any of such cases, for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them,

cither at any Meeting in pursuance of this Act, or without any such Meeting, to cause the said Carts,

Waggons, Coaches, or other Carriages, and Matters, and Things respective ly, making or occasioning such Annoyance, Nuisance, or Obstruct ion, to be removed, taken, carried away, and deposited, in such*

Place or Places, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall direct or appoint; there to* remain until the Offender or Offenders shall have paid and discharged all Costs, Charges, and Expenres, attending the carrying away and depositing the same as aforesaid, as also a Sum not exceeding lorty Shillings for each such Offence.

aL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if. any Person or Persons shall run. Penalty of drie* airive, draw, or cause to be run, driven, or drawn, on any Part of the Foot Pavements of the said Stieets or Lancs, or either of them, any Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, Wheel-barrow, or any Carriage whatsoever 5 &c *on the^ooc such Person or Persons shall forfeit, for the first Offence, the Sum offten Shillings; for the second Offence, Pavements the Sum of twenty Shillings; and for the third and every ocher Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be law-fu\ for any Person or Persons to crest or set up, or cause to be ertfted or set up, in the said Streets or BuTding or^Re-Lancs, any Inclosure, Polls, Bars, or Rails, a* other Matters or Things, for the Purpose of making pairing, witlx-Mortar,.and dept firing Bricks, Lime, or other Materials, for building, or repairing any Houses, Building*, Leaver or other Works; every such Person or Persons first obtaining Leave, under the Hand of the Surveyor for the time bein' to the said Commissioners for those Purposes respectively, which he is hereby impowered to f^ive, by their Pernnifion: But if any Person or Persons shall ertft or let up, or cause to be erected or set up, any such Inclosures, Polls, Bars, or Rails, or any other Matter or Tiling, for the Purposes aforesaid, without such Leave first had and obtained; every such Person shall, for every such Offence’, forfeit and pay a Surn not exceeding twenty Shillings for every Hour such Inclosure, Matter, or Thing, as aforesaid, remain anil continue.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or

Commissionrrt may older Ihc-

of them, shall have full Power and Authority to cause the hud Street* and Lanes to be watered as sum* tu be.

A Of ten

*9°

*ml Wells to be in pivftr Places.

Names of Streets, Sec. to be affixed on the Corner Houses.

Signs, &c. to be regulated.

Signs, &c. un* tiled, to be returned.

Steps, See. pro Jedting too far, lo be removed.

Pavements in other Streets, how to be repaired.

C. 24. Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

often as there shall lie Occasion, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them,’ shall direct; and to defray the Expences thereof out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That jt shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or any five or more of them, to erc£t Porters Blocks or Rests; and to cause to be dug and sunk, in such Place or Places in the said Streets or Lancs, or in any Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Alley, Pafljge, cr Place, adjoining, any Well or Wells; and also to erect any Pump or Pumps on or near the same; and also to remove or alter any Pump row (landing in the said Streets or Lanes, for the Purpose of watering the said Streets or Lanes, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall direct. ' t

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may order and direct the Houses within the said Streets and Lane?, and within the said Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, cr any of them, to be numbered with Figures placed of painted on the Doois thereof, or in such other Part of the said Houses respectively as they the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think proper 5 and may also order and direct to be engraved, painted, or otherwise described, on a conspicuous Part of some House, or other Building, at or near the End or Corner of each Street, Lane, Coucr, Yard, Alley, Pafia^e, or Place, adjoining to, or being neat', the said Streets or Lanes hereby directed to be regulated respectively, the Names by which such respective Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Alley, Passage, or Place, so adjoining, is usually or properly called or known; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or malic iously destroy, injure, obliterate, or deface, any such Number, Figure, Name, or Description, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, and shall be convicted thereof by his or her own Confession, or by the Oath of one or mote credible Witness or Wimesses, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said Town and Places, which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered to administer; every such Per-Ibn so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shilling?.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said second Monday next after the passing of this Act, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall cause all Signs, which then, or at any Time after, shall be placed or hung in any Part or Parts of the said Streets and Lane.y to be fixed or placed on the Fronts of such Houses respectively where to the same shall belong; and allb shall and may cause all Sign Irons, Polls, Boards, Gutters, or other Things, occasionin$» any Obstruction or Annoyance in the said Streets, to be removed or altered in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or' any five or more of them, shall think most proper and convenient; and that for the future, all Signs, Boards, Spouts, or Gutters, shall be placed or fixed on the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings, whereunto they respectively belong, and not otherwise: And if any Person or Persons shall, at?nyTime hereafter, hang, place, crest, or build, any Sign, Sign Post or Iron, Board, Spout, or Gutter, or cause the same to be done, in any other Manner than as aforesaid, or shall in any Manner occasion any Incroachment or Annoyance in the said Streets or Lanes; every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any, or any Part of any such Sign, Sign Iron or Post, Board, Gutter, or Spout, shall remain unused after the Alteration made thereto, as before directed, the same shall be returned to, and be the Property of, the Person to whom the same belonged before such Removal or Alteration.

XLVII. And whereas the said Streets and I^anes are, in some Parts thereof, greatly obstructed and made dangerous to Foot Passengers, by Steps being brought out from Houses, Steps and Dv>ors going down into Cellars, Vaults, and other Places, and by Shew Glafies, Shew Boards, or other Matters or Things projecting from Shops or Houses, over and beyond the Area belonging to such Houses, or into the Foot- ways be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said second Mon* day after the passing of this Act, all such Steps, projecting into the Foot-ways of the said Streets and Lanes, and all Steps and Doors going down out of the Foot-ways into any Cellars, V atilts, or other Places belonging to any House, Shop, Warehouse, or Tenement, as likewise all Shew Glasses or Shew Boards projecting over and beyond the Areas, or into the Foot-ways, and all and every other Material, Matter, or Thing, belonging to any House, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, or other Building, which cause oV occasion any Nuisance, Annoyance, Incroachmenf, or Obstruction, in the said Streets or Lanes, or either of them (either in the Foot or Carriage-way thereof) shall be, at the Expence of the said Commissioners, from time to time, removed, fixed, placed, or altered, in such Manner and Form as shill be approved of by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or their Surveyor by their Direction.

XLVIII. And whereas the paving all the Streets and Lancs comprised within the Limits of this Act will necessarily require a Course of Time, and the Pavements of many Place* continue very bad and dangerous, and the present Method of presenting these Inconveniencies by the Lect-juries is often attend- ed with great Delays: And whereas it is apprehended, that if Power was given to the Commissioners for executing this Act to remedy these Difefts, the same would be of publick Utility be it therefo:e enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Surveyor to the said Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons appointed by them, shall, as often as he or they is or are directed by the said Commissioners, or ary five or more of them, view the State and Condition of the said Streets Lai.es, and other Passages, within the Parishes and Places aforesaid, and all Nuisances, Defeats, and Wants of Repair, and to present the same to the said Commissioners in their respective Divisions upon Oath; which Oath they, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer; and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of of them, shall thereupon fend Notice in Writing, to the House or Houses, or other Buildings or Tenements where such Nuisance or Defeat shall be, requiring the same to be removed or amended within fourteen Days

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24. igx

tbcn aftrr; and if the same shall not be done according to such Order and Notice, the saki Commissioner, or any five or more of them, shall thereupon cause the Nuisances or Defers to be removed or amended, :.nd ih y shall be reimburse: and paid by the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, of the respective i I ules or other Tcnerr* 1 tj> j and such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, is, and arc, and shall I c, iiaMe to pay the \V|*‘I.q of such Charges and Expences; and in case such Tenant or Tenants,

(>ccup:er or Occupiers, Ilia!: 11 Jt within fix Da^s after the same shall be demanded, by a Notice thereof in AV riling, g ven to him, hn, or them, or left at his, her, or their last or most usual Place of Abode, pay* or cause to be paid, Abe f.-.id Charges and Expences to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or to such I’enon or Peiftms as they shall appoint to receive the same (which said Notice shall be in Writing, and signe i by the Clt. k to the Commissioners for the time being, by Order of the said Commissioners, or an y fix e or moie.of them, and annexed to the Bill containing an Account of the Expences incurred) it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons so to be appointed by the said Commissioners to receive the same, 10 mate Complaint thereof to any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Person or Persons, so refusing or neglecting, shall be and re fide; and such Justice or Juf-ticcs may, and is and are hereby authorised and required, to issue a Warrant under his or their Hand and,

SeJ, or Hands and Seals, to cause the Party or Parties to be brought before him or them; and upon the Pa'ty or Paities appearing, or not being to be found after due Enquiry and Proof thereof, by the Oath of the Party makii g such Enquiry (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer) to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way: And if upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Oath of one ,or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer) it shall appear to such Justice or Justices, that such Charges and Expences have been incurred by the said Commissioners, and not paid or satislkd by the Party or Parties as aforesaid; then such Justice or Justices may, and he or they is and are lieteby authorised and required to issue a Warrant or Warrants under his and their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, for k vying the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of such Party or Parric.f; and if alter full Payment thereof, together with all Charges attending such Distress and Si\- there shall be an Overplus, then the same shall be paid to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattles upon Demand.

XLIX. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed or taken to make void any Chntrafls be« Custom, Usage, Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, between Landlord and Tenant, touching or concern- tween Land, or^ irg the keeping in Repair such Pavement. vacated"*1

L. Provided also, That notning in this Act shall be con ft rued to restrain the Power of such Court-lee ts, p^Vi!oJ but that no person shall be punished twice for the same Offence.

LI. And, for defraying the Charges and Expences of paving and repairing the said Streets and Lanes, or any of them, and of cleansing, lighting, and watching the same, and all other Streets, Lanes, Courts,

Yards, an 1 other Places aforesaid, and for prevailing Annoyances and Incroachments therein, and for other the Purpoks of this Act; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, one or more Rate or Ra;eo, Assessment or Assessments, shall tw ice in every Year, or The Rates* oftentr, if it shall be thought needful by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, be made,

1 iid, and afTfird, by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, within their respective Divisions, cf and upon all n ! every Pei fun and Persons, who do or shall inhabit, hold or occupy, any Land, House,

S-hop, Warehouse, Cellar, Vault, or other Tenement, within the said Streets and Lancs respe&ivcTy, be'tin before directed and appointed to be in the first place paved; and upon all and every Person and Per-Lm who do or shall inhabit, hold, or occupy, any Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Cellar, Vault, or other Tenement, within all other Streets, Lanes, and Places, comprized within this Act* when and fofoon a> the same shall respectively be begun to be paved by virtue of this Adf, in such competent Sum and Sums of Money, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall yearly, and exery Year,* crjcr and direct; so as such Rates or Afkfiments do not exceed in the Whole the Sum of two Shillings in the Pound, in any one Year, of the yearly Rent of such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, or other Tenements, within the said Streets and Lanes respectively; nor more than one Half Part r.f such Rates or Assessments, in any one Year, of such yearly Rent, within all Wharfs; and the said

Courts, Yards, Alleys, Railages, and Places, as aforesaid, Inns, and Livery Stab!cs, the Entrances or

Gateways only of which fa»J Inns and Livery Stables, are in the said Streets or Lanes respectively.

4 J.ll. And whereas the paving'of the said Streets, Lanes, and Places, will necessarily require a Course of Time to compleat the same; and whereas it may be found necessary forthwith to light, watch, and clranfc, the High Street, from the South End of London Bridge* to the Stones End in Blackman Street*.

CJiu'ch Lane* Kent Street, and White Street; and also frm the West End of 'fidey Street to the East End the'c- f; and also the fever.il other Streets, Lanes, and Places, lying within the said Parilii of Saint Clave>

and Jlo from the North End of Bermondsey Street, and through Bentiind/ey Street to tlx* 1 la id and diary- fold* at the South End thereof; and also the (cveral other Courts, Yards, A.hvi, Railages, and Places,

immediately communicating with or adjoining to the same \ be it therefore f irther enacted by the Authority afortf.nd. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any live or more of Cnta n Su~ft them, within their respective Distriits, to make a Rate or Rates, twice or oftener in every Year, as it th.dl h-J jJ'

be found necessary, upon all and every Person and Persons who do orlhali inhabit, hold, on upy, or enjoy, clon ed lent-

any Land, Houfr, Shop, Warehouse, Cellar, Vault, Wharf, or other Building or Tenement, dead Wall, wi h.

4>r void Space of Ground, within or communicating with the said last mentioned Parish, Streets, and Plan's f' fpcchxdy, in such competent Su n and Sums or Money as they the said Commissioners, or any five or rrorc of them, shall think sufficient; and shall and may apply the same in clcaniing, watching, and light-

Rat* not to ex< ceed % i. in the Pound.

Commissioners to cleinfe, watch, and

Rates to be sign ed by two Juf-ticcs.'

Manner of Recovery.

192 C. 24. Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

ing, the same Streets, ‘Lanes, and Places respectively, under the Powers ai>d Authority of this Act, although the same shall not be begun to be paved by virtue of this Act.

Lfil. Provided always, That such Rate or Rates shall not exceed two Shillings in the Pound in any one Year, of the yearly Rent of such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, Wharfs, or other Buildings, Tenements, dead Walls, or void Spaces of Ground.

LIV. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time hereafter two-third* of the Householders within any Street, Lane, or Place, comprized within this Act, shall apply by Petition to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at any of their Meetings within their respective on Appifcation^ Division$, desiring, to have such Street, Lane, or Place, cleansed, watched, and lighted, under the Powers of two thirds of of this Act; then it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and the inhabitant*, they are hereby required to cause the same to be done, and have hereby Power to assess the Inhabitants of such Street or Place respectively, in any Sum not exceeding two Shillings in the Pound, of the Rent of the Houses, Tenements, or Buildings, within such Street, Lane, or Place respectively.

LV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Rates, made by virtue of this Act, shall be allowed and signed by two Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said Town or Places, who are also hereby impowered and required to grant a Warrant or Warrants for collecting and levying the same; and the said Rates, after the same shall be so allowed and signed by the said Justices, shall be collected half yearly by such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, appoint: And if any Person or Persons shall refuse, neglect, or omit, to pay the Sum or Sums of Money, which he, she, or they, shall be rated or assessed, for the Space of ten Days after personal Demand made thereof, or Demand in Writing left at the Place of Abode or Occupation of such Person or Persons j then, and in every such Case, it {Ball and may be lawful for the said Collector or Collectors, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and required to levy the Sum by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of such Person or Persons so neglecting, refilling, or omitting, to pay the same: And in case no such Goods or Chattles can be found to be so distrained; or in case such Goods and Chattles shall be locked up or secured, or removed from the said Cotfeftof or Collectors, fd that he or they cannot distrain the same; then, and in either of the said cases, upon Information thereof given to the said Justices, or any two Justices of the Peace for the said County dr Borough, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices, and they are hereby required to commit the Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Corteftion for the said County bt Bdrough, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding the Space of one Month, or until the Payment of such Rate or Assessment, and reasonable Charges occasioned by the Non-payment thereof.

LVI. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rales to be assessed upon the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Wharfs, shall not exceed one-half of the Rate^ which shall be assessed upon such Lands, Houses. Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, and other Tenements, as shall be new paved by virtue of this Act.

LVII. And whereas many Houses within the said Streets and other Places are, by the several Owners

or Proprietors thereof, lett out in Lodgings or Tenements to divers Tenants, whereby it will be difficult

to rate and assess such Houses, or to recover such Rates and Assessments when made :* For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, and at all Times, when they meet, to make a Rate in pursuance of this Act, to rate and assess the Owner or Owners of such Houses or Tenements as shall be lett to, or occupied by, two or more Tenants; which Rate and Assessment shall be paid by one or more of the Tenants or Occupiers of any Part or Parts of such Houses: And in case any Occupier or Occupiers of any Part of such Houses or Tenements shall refuse to pay the same; then, the said Rate and Assessment shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of him, her, or them, so refusing to ‘pay the same; and such Occupier or Occupiers of such Tenements respectively, is and are hereby required and authorised to pay such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be so rated or assessed on the Owner or OwAers of such Houses, in pursuance of this Act, and to deduct the same out of the Rent thereof; and the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, are hereby required to allow such Deductions, and Payments, upon the Receipt of the Residue of their Rents; and every such Tenant, paying such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall be acquitted and discharged for so much Money as the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall amount unto, as if the same had been actually paid to such Pctson or Persons to whom his, her, or their Rent should have been due and payable.

under 201 er

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may Annum?ma^be be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to compound with ompoumied for the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of any such Houses, or any other Houses within the said Streets and Places, the annual Rent or Value whereof shall be under twenty Pounds, for the Rate by this Act authorised to be laid upon such Houses; so as in such Composition there be not remitted to any such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors respectively, more than one-third of the Rate by this Act laid upon such Houses respectively.

Where Houses,

LIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case it shall so happen, that any &c. /haUbeun- of the Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, or any Part or Parts Owners \o be thereof, within the said Streets and Places, or any or either of them, shall, at any Time from and after the making of the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, be empty, untenacted, or unoccupied; that then, and in every such Case, one-half of the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, or the one-half of such other Rates as may he assessed by virtue of this Act, shall be paid by the Owner or Proprietors ^Tisecuri' of such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements; and in case of Nonpayment

Rate* onWhufs limited.

Where Houses *re lett out in Tenements, Owners are to be assessed, but Tenant* to P*7 i

it out of their Rent*.

Rates for Houses

charged only onc-half of the Rates, and the

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24. 193

payment thereof, such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Vaults, Cellars, or other Tenements, shall be, and the same are hereby made a Security for and chargeable with such Arrears.

LX. And, to the End the said Rates may be more effectually cotieded and received, be it further enact-Tenmts and ed, That all and every Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Occupy to pay Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, are and shall be liable to pay the Whole of such Rates, when no RaUa* Competition shall have been made as aforesaid, to the Receiver or Receivers to be appointed by the said Commissioners as herein is directed; and in case of such Payment, such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall be at Liberty, and is and are hereby authorised to deduct and detain out of his, her, or their Rent, such Proportion of such Rates as he, she or they, shall respectively pay, on account of the several Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of such Lands, Houses, Shops, Wart houses, Cellais,

Vaults, or other Tenements, and shall be hereby saved and kept harmless from any further Payment of any such Rate or Rates, to any Person or Persons to whom any such Rent or Rents should or oug it to be paid.

LXl. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Part or Parts of the Pave- Pavement!lhMe ment of the said Streets or other Places, hath or have been accustomed, or ought to be paved and repaired V-c*

by any particular Parish or Parishes, Bodies Politic or Corporate, and not by the Owners or Occupiers of repaid -

the Houses or other Buildings adjoining to the Pavement of the said Streets and Places respectively; the h n their Exfame shall be paved and repaired at the Expence of the respective Parish or Parishes, B >dies Politic or Cor-pence by the porate, by the Paviour or Paviours contracting with or employed by the said Commissioners.^ piXur*

LXn. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five or more or the of them, from time to time, to compound and agree for the same with any such Parish or Parishes, or Bo- sioners maycom-dies Politic or Corporate, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Foot or other Measure, as the said Coaimif- £>u.nd wi£,uc* sioners, or any five or more of them, shall think reasonable. the ftme *

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and \n publ'ict for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at their Discretion, and they are hereby required, Balding.,&c.t# from time to time, to rate and assess, for the Purposes of this Act, all Parish Churches, Church Yards, rated by the Chapels, Meeting Houses, Schools, Warehouses, Hospitals, Prisons, and all other publick Buildings what- r10trc YAfd* soever, and all dead Walls, and void Spaces of Ground, situate and being within either of the said Streets and ocher Places, at a Rate to be settled by five or more of the said Commissioners, not exceeding six Pence for every Square Yard, belonging to every such Parish Church, Church Yard, Chapel, Meeting House,

School, Warehouse, Hospital, Prison, and other publick Buildings whatsoever, dead Wall, and void Space of Ground; the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Afledments, to be made and paid for such Parish Churches,

Chapels, and Church Yards, to be paid by the respective Church or Chapel Wardens; and the Rate or Rates, Adedment or Adedments, to be made and paid for such Meeting Houses, Schools, Warehouses, dead Walls, and void Spaces of Ground, shall be paid by the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, thereof; and the Rate or Rates, Adedment or Afledments, to be made and paid for such Hospitals, Prisons, and other publick Buildings, shall be paid by such Person and Persons, Officer and Officers, as are now liable to pay for paving, cfeanfing, lighting, and watching, the said Streets, in respect of such Hospital,

Prison, or other publick Building respectively.

LXIV. And be it further en a flea by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons, who OccopwKjutr-hath or have been rated and afleded by virtue of this Act, shall quit his, her, or their Dwelling house, ing w.nout p*y. Warehouse, Shop, Vault, Cellar, or Tenement, whereupon such Kate or Adedment has been made, be ma*

ft re he, she, or they, shall have paid the same, and shall afterwards refuse to pay the same when due, and toiJowed* demanded by the Person or Persons authorised and appointed to collect and receive the same; that then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, and every or any of them, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two or more Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said Town and Places, which Warrant the said Justices are hereby authorised and required to grant, in any Place within the said Borough of Southwark, or County of Surrey; or, out of the Limits thereof (such Warrant being first backed or countersigned by some Magistrate in the County, City, or Liberty, where the Distress is to be made) to distrain the Goods and Chattles of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refuting, and the same to fell, rendering the Overplus, if any such shall be, after deducing the reasonable Charges and Expences of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner of such Good5 and Chattles demanding the same.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons paying the Rates and AflelT- Person* pivtnj

ments by this Act laid, within the said Streets and Places respectively, shall be, and they, and every of Rate,v

them, is and are hereby exempted and discharged from the Charge and Expence of paving, cleansing, light- cmPled« ing, or watching, the said Streets, and all other Streets and Places within their respective Pantiles, wherein

any Part of the said Streets, Courts, Yards, Lanes, Alleys, and other Places respectively are situate;

and also from all Penalties which may or might be incurred by reason or means of their neglecting to pave, cleanse, light, or watch, the same respectively; any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVI. And whereas Provision may have been formerly made determined by Acts of Parliament, either for pav- Former Ratet to

ing, cleansing, lighting, watching, or keeping in Repair, the said Streets and other Places, or some Part cc'fc*

or Parts thereof intended to be paved, cleansed, lighted, watched, and kept in Repair, by this Act;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as any Rate or Assessment shall be made, laid, or afTrfled, determined by virtue of this Act, on the Owners or Occupiers of any Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vsuits, or other Tenements; or on any Church or Chapel Wardens, for and on account

194 C. 24. Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

of any Ground belonging to any Church, Church Yard, or Chapel; such Owners or Occupiers, and such Church or Chapel Wardens respectively, shall be no longer liable to be charged to any Rate or AssessTment for and on account of such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements; or for or on Account of such Church, Church Yard, or Chapel, by virtue or in pursuance of such former Acts, or any of them.

LXVII. And, for the more effectually putting this ACi in Execution, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon and after the first Sunday after the first General Meeting of the said Commissioners, there shall be paid to the Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, to be nominated and appointed, by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, before any Cattle or Carriage shall be permitted to pass on a Sunday through any or either of the Turnpikes here under-mentioned, or through any Turnpike to be erected, by virtue of this or any other Act or Ad* Toll* oq Sun- of Parliament, near the same; videlicet, The Turnpike at Symond’s Corner, in the Parish of Lambeth; or at <!*)«. any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, to be erected between the said Place and the Stones End in

Blackman Street; the Turnpike at Newington Butts; any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, to be erected between the Road called The New Roady at the End of Kent Street, and Saint George's Church; any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, to be erected at or near Starr Corner, in the Parish of Ber-mondsey \ any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, to be erected between a Place called Dock Head and Folly Bridge \ the following Tolls; videlicet,

For every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Chaifc, Chair, Calash, or other Carriage, drawn by fix us more Horses, the Sum of ten Pence.

For every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Chaise, Chair, Calafii, or other Carriage, drawn by four horses, the Sum of eight Pence.

For every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Chaise, Chair, Calalh, or other Carriage, drawn by three or two Horses the Sum of six Pence.

And for every Chaise, Chair, Calash, or other Carriage, drawn by one Horse, the Sum of three Pence.

For every Horse Mule, or Ass, not drawing, the Sum of one Penny.

See,

Distrefi may be fold after four Day*.

Commissionera

tmy erect Turn-

Which said respective Sums of Money shall and may be demanded and taken in the Name of and for a Street Toll, over and above, and exclusive of, all other Tolls which are or shall be authorised to be taken and collected upon or on account of the said Roads, or any of them: And the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered by themselves, or by any Person or Persons by them, or any five or more of them, thereto authorised at a General Meeting, to levy the Toll, hereby required to be paid, upon any Person or Persons who shall, after Demand thereof made, neglect or refuse to pay the same as aforesaid, or to deny or hinder any Passage through the said Turnpikes respectively, until Payment there-Toll* may be of which said Toll mall and may be levied by Distress of any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle, upon levied byDiftrcfs, which the Toll is by this Act imposed, or upon any of the Goods and Chattles of such Person or Persons who oughtvto pay the same; and all such Horses, Cattle, or Goods, may be detained until such Toll, with the reasonable Charges of such Distress, shall be paid: And it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so-distraining, after the Space of four Days after such Distress made or taken, to fell the Horse or Horses, Cattle, Goods, or Chattles, so distrained, rendering to the Owner or Ownert thereof the Overplus upon Demand, after Satisfaction of the said Toll, and the reasonable Charges in and about making such Distress, Keeping and Sale, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at a General Meeting, if they shall think proper, at any p*e» and Toll- Time or Times, to cause to be erected any Turnpike or Turnpikes, at or near the respective Places afore-oucs* mentioned, for the Purpose of collecting the several and respectiveTolls hereby made payable; and also ta

be erected or provided a Toll-house at or near each Turnpike 5 and, from time to time, to remove or alter the same, as they the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think expedient.

Turnpikes al-

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it ready ere«ed, shall and may be lawful for the several and respective Receivers and Collectors, and other Persons, to be the VuVofeVof aPP°*nted by virtue of this Act, to receive and collect the several Tolls hereby made payable; and they this aS.°CS ° are hereby authorised and impowered, for the Purposes of this Act, without the Lett, Hindrance, or Mo-leftation, of any Person or Persons whatsoever, to make use of all or any the Gates, or Turnpikes, and, Toll-houses, already erected, or hereafter to be erected or continued by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament, at or near the respective Places whereat any Toll is hereby authorised to be taken; so as such respective Receivers, Collector?, or other Persons, do in no wife hinder or interrupt the trail fading of any Business or Purpose, for which such Turnpikes and Toll-houses were respectively ereCled or provided.

Street Tolls to be

LXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons. pid but once a fba]j liable to pay the said Street Toll more than once for pa fling or repairing, at any Time or Times, on the same Sunday as aforesaid, with the same Cattle and Carriage; but that all and every Person and Persons, after having paid such Toll once as aforesaid, shall, during the Remainder of such Day, pass Toll-free, with respect to the said Street Toll, with the same Cattle and Carriage, through the Gate or Turnpike at wh’ch any such Toll was paid, upon producing a Note or Ticket denoting the Payment of such Toll; which Notes or Tickets the Collectors of the said Tolls are hereby required to give gratis on Receipt of such Toils.

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24.

said JM: And whereas a Street Toll is directed by the said Act to be token at the Turnpike nearest to wjtk, &c.

IFt'l'nhifler Bridge in the County of Surrey / be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons having paid the Toll granted by the said Act, at the said Turnpike neared: ro I’/ejlminJUr bridge, and producing a Ticket denoting the Payment thereof, shall be permitted, in the same Day, to pass and repais with the same Cattle and Carriage through the Gate or Turnpike whereat any Toii shall be taken by virtue of this Act, at or near Symind's Corner, or between the said Place, and the Stones End in Blackman Street, without paying any Toll authorised by this Act to be collected; and all Persons having

pj'd the* Toll by this Act granted, at any Gate at or near Symond*s Corner aforesaid, or between that Pla^e and the Stones End in Blackman Street aforesaid, and producing a'Picket denoting the Payment thereof, ftull be permitted to pals and repass on the same Day, through any Gate or Turnpike near ll'ejbninfler Bddge, without paying any Toll by the said above mentioned Act of last Session authorised to be collected; which Tickets the rclpcdiive Collectors are hereby required to deliver, on Receipt of the Toll,

LXXII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained No Toll to be (bill extend, or be construed to extend, to give the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, any taken f.rpning Power to collect any Toll or Tolls upon any Carriage or Cattle passing to or from the Bridge now ered- £ or in* across the River Thames, from Black Fryars, in the City of London, over or through any of the Roads F,ar€ r‘ *c# made, or which shall be made, leading thereto; unless such Carriages or Cattle shall actually come into tny of the Streets aforesaid, within the Powers of this Act.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Commissionm fr/c or more of them, at a General Meeting, may, and are hereby impowered, upon ten Days Notice being rru> ie*fc the riven It the London Gazette, to lease or farm, by the Year, the Tolls by this Act granted, or any Part or nrts thereof, to any Person or Persons, at or for the largest yearly Sums that can be got for the same; provided that such Lettings or Agreements be made in Writing, and signed by the Person or Persons taking or farming any such Tolls, and by the Commissioners that lett the same, and be not made for more than three Years at a Time; and that the Money that shall be so agreed to be paid for the said Tolls, shall be nude payable, and shall be paid, to the said Commissioners by quarterly Payments; and that the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so lett, shall always pay down one Quarter’s Pay in Advance; and if any herring or Agreement for Letting the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be made, or any Default shall be made in paying the Money agreed to be paid, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, then e\cry such Letting and Agreement shall be void, and the Person or Persons to whom the said Tolls shall be lett, shall be liable to account for the same, and to have the same levied and recovered upon and of him and them, in the same Manner as is by this Act directed for the accounting for other Monies by the Collectors or Receivers thereof, and for the levying and recovering the same upon and of them.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons flnll Penalty on forcibly or wilfully go or pass with any Horlc, Beast, or Carriage, through any Turnpike whereat any lnlTo!!i* Toll is, by virtue of this Act, to be paid, without paying such Toll, or producing a Note or Ticket as aforesaid at such Turnpike, or shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall deliver to, or receive from, any *

other Person or Persons, any Note or Ticker, with an Intent to avoid the Payment of any or either of the ixA Tolls, or any Part thereof; every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings, over and betides such Damages and Punishments as they and every of them re-fpcdtveJy shall be liable to by Law; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Receivers or Coliedors, and for evetv of them, and all other Persons by them required to affilt in that resprd, to seize any horse or Horses, Cattle or Goods, belonging to, or in the Possession, or under the Care of, any Person or i\r-fins so offending in the Premiffe?; and the same to take before any Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where such Offence or Offences shall be committed, and before him to make Complaint of such Offenc? or Offences; and such Justice may, and is hereby required to enquire into the same, as well by Examimtion of the Party or Parties, as by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (’* h:c h Oath such Justice is hereby impowered to administer without Fee or Reward) and if the said Justice shall fee cause, to convict the Party or Parties complained of in the Penalty aforesaid; and for Nonpayment thereof and of the Tolls that shall be due [though the same shall not be demanded) by Warrant under h:s Hand and Seal, to cause the said Horse or Horses, Cattle or Goods, to be sold for Payment of the fa 1J Toils and Penalties, and the Charges of seizing and keeping the same, and of such Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any there shall be) to the Owner or Owners of the said Horse or horse^, Cattle or Goods, or to the Person or Persons under whose Care, or in whose Possession, they respectively was or were when so seized as aforesaid; and if no such Seizure as aforesaid can or shall be made, then the aforesaid Penalty and Tolls shall be levied and recovered by such Means, and applied in such Manner, as is herein after made and provided for the Levying and Recovering, and Application of Penalties and Forfeitures.

LXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Commiss;crvfr* nine or more of them, at a.General Meeting, may, and are hereby impowered to borrow and take up at nr*y borrow Mo-Interest, any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls payable by virtue of this A^l; and to ner °n Crt, ih 01 assign over the same, or any Part or Parts thereof, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands and tile SraF, the Charges of such Alignments and Conveyances to be paid out of such Tolls respectively, to any Person or Persons that shall advance or lend their Monies thereon, as a Security or Securities for the sevent Sums that shall be borrowed, and the Interest thereof, as aforesaid j and Copies of all such AHignments

196 C. 24.

Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

Securities may be transferred.

No Preference

to be given in

borrowing

Money.

Monies raised, vested in the Commissioner, to be applied for the Purposes of this A

Tolls may be apportioned.

Ixpence* of paffpf this Act to be first paid.

Balance of Money in Hand, at Receiver’s Death, to be paid by his Executors, Si c.

Penalties may be out'gated.

and Conveyances shall be entered in a Book or Eooks to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners; and all and every Per ion and Persons, to whom any such Assignment shall be made as aforesaid, is and are hereby impowered from time to time, by Alignment under his, her,

, or their Hand or Hands, to be indorsed on the Back of his, her, or their Security, or by any other Writing or Writings under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, which shall be executed in the Presence of two or more credible Witnesses, to assign over or transfer his, her, or their Right to the Principal and Interest-money thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whoinfoever; all which Assignments and Transfers shall be produced and notified to the Paid Clerk or Treasurer, within thirty Days after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry to be made of such Alignments, containing the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein mentioned to be assigned and transferred, in the said Kook or Books to be kept for entering the said original Alignments; and which said Book or Books shall and may, at all seasonable Times, be perused and inspected without any Fee or Reward;, and after such Entry made, such Alignment or Transfer shall intitle such Assignee, his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, and Aligns, to the Benefiuthereof and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may in like Manner align and transfer again, and so teties qu ties; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person who shall have made such Alignment or Transfer, to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any Monies thereon due.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Preference shall be given to any Person or Persons advancing any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of this Act, in respect to the Priority of advancing such Sum or Sums; but that all Persons, to whom any Mortgages or Alignments shall be made as aforesaid, shall, in proportion to the Sum or Sums therein mentioned, be Creditors in equal Degree one with another.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies raised or collected by virtue of this Act, as and upon Account or Credit of the said Tolls, shall be, and the same are hereby verted in the said Commissioners at Large or in General; and the Money to be raised by all other Means, under the Authority of this Act shall be, and the same are hereby verted in the said Commissioners withifr the respective Divisions where such Monies shall arise; and all Monies raised or collected by Virtue of this Act, shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act, and to and for no other LJfe or Purpose whatsoever.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That two third Parts of the Money arising by the said Tolls, and of the Money to be borrowed upon the Credit thereof, shall be applied towards paving the several Streets and other Carriage Ways within the Western Division; and the remaining one third Part, shall be applied towards paving the several Streets and other Carriage Ways within the Eastern Division; but if at any Time, when the Pavement of the several Streets, and other Places hereby directed to be paved within either of the said Divisions, shall be compleated, and there shall remain any Overplus of the said Monies appropriated to that Division, the same shall be paid over to the Commissioners having the Care of the other Division, if the Pavements of the Streets and other Places within such la ft-mentioned Division, are not compleated, to be applied towards compleating the Pavement of the Streets and other Places hereby directed to be paved within such Division.

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Charges and Expences of procuring and passing this Act, shall be paid out of the first Monies which shall be raised by virtue of this Act.

LXXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Receiver or Receivers (half happen to die before he or they shall have fully £>aid and satisfied all the Money by him or them received by virtue of this Act; then* and in every such Case, the Executors or Administrators, Executrix or Administratrix, or other legal Representative or Representatives, or Person or Persons possessing the late Estate and Effects of every such Receiver or Receivers, shall, out of such Estate or Effects, pay the Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being under this Act, all such Sums of Money by such Receiver or Receivers so received, and not paid, or so much thereof as the said Estate or Effects will extend to pay; and the Receipt of five or more of the said Commissioners shall be a good Discharge for such Money;, and every Executor or Administrator, or other Person as aforesaid, may, to any Action or Suit commenced or brought against him, her, or them, plead or give in Evidence the Payment of the same, and shall be allowed Payment of the same out of such Estate or Effects: And in case of Nonpayment of the same, by the Space of twenty-one Days after the same shall be demanded, it (Full and may be lawful to and for the said Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, and he or they is and are hereby directed and required, in his or their own Name or Names, to commence and bring one or more Action or Actions in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, against such Executors or Administrators, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid. for the Recovery of the same.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons against whom the said Commissioners, or any five or more of the n, shall bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, for any Penalty or Penalties contained in any Contract or Contracts already entered into, or hereafter to be entered into, on account of any Breach or Non performance of any such Contract or Contracts, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they, or any five or more of them, shall think proper; and also to mitigate, compound, or lessen, any other the Forfeitures incurred under this Act;so as the Sum so compounded and agreed for be not lets than the Iajury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Nonperformance of such Contract or Contracts, and all

the

197

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24.

the Costs, Charges, and Expences, which shall be occasioned thereby; and so as the Mitigation of the other Forfeitures as aforesaid do not extend to remit above one Moiety of the said Forfeitures respectively.

LXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person Perfom ag-(ball think himfdf or herself aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace, (wtcrscfiiann at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to beheld for the County or Place wherein the Cause of

Complaint shall arif'e, and wirhin three Calendar Months after the Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen; such Appell ant fifft giving, or causing to be given, twenty-one Days Notice at the lead in Writing of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commadimers; and, within two Days after such Notice, entering into Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County or Place, with two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Cods as shall be awarded by, the Justices at tich Quarter Sessions: And the said Justices, at such Session, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Cods to the Parties appealing or appealed agiind, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures Penalties am! by this Act imposed, (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly Forfeitures how directed) shall he levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by War- applied^ rant under the Hand and Seal of one Justice of the Peace, adiing in and for the said Town and Places; p

which Warrant such Justice is hereby impowered and required to grant, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of any one or more credible Witness or Witnedes upon Oath,

(which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered to administer) and the Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattles shall be so didrained and fold (the Charges of such Distress and Sale being fird deducted)

(hill be paid to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners for the time b *ing, and be applied towards the Purposes of: his Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeiture*

shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol, or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than fourteen Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfieo.

LXXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and Commissioner may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, if they max reward shall fee Cause, to pay and apply such Part of the said Penalties and Forfeitures, or any of them, as they formerl

shall rhinfc proper, not exceeding one Moiety of them, or any of them, to and for the Use of the Informer or Informers, or any of them; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall, at Comminfonei* ill their Meetings under this Act, pay and defray their own Expences. 114*Expences

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress shall be Distress not to made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not bebcdeemed "n-deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed aTrefpa(Ter or Trespassers on lafUp'* {oT wa, lt account of any Default or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or the Varty Pa*rjs distraining be deemed aTrcfpafler or Trespassers ab initioy on account of any Irregularity which draining tob* (h^il he afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such deemed a Tref-Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action on the Case. pafler ab initio.

LXXXV'H. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any such Plaintiff not to J-^iruI.iriry, Trespass, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the recorrr »f Ten-Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, any such Irregularity, fcrb Trespass, or wrongful Proceedings, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have hAt :camadt* been made, if (ha 1 and may be lawful for tire Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave nf the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Blue joined, to pay into Court such*

Sum of Money as he or they shall see fir; whereupon such Proceedings, or Orders, and Judgements, shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed* to p jv Money into Court.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Nomination, Contract, writings to be Bond, Warrant, Judgement, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, wiiiiout Sump* of, or only signed by, any Commissioner or Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, or ex- htbited before them, or under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of, or only signed by, any other Pe'fm or IVrfons whatsoever, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatsoever.

LAXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thar all Orders and Proceedings of Proceeding* to thr fai I C' ir milnoners, at their Meetings, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Pur- be entered to pose; and such Orders and Proceedings so entered shall be signed by the Clcik or Clerks at any Meeting Bcok# of nvc or moro of the said Commissioners, assembled as the Case shall require, and such Orders shall be

deemed*

19 8 C. 2 5.

Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

'General Issue.

;PooUs may be deemed and taken to be original Orders; which said Book or Books shall and may be produced and rad. re-om Evidence in Evidence in all Courts what lower.

Proceeding not XC. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Proceedings to be had touching to be quaihei for the Conviction et any Oficnder or Dfienders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter or wa.u of lonn j r]'hjn^ to be done or transacted, in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for nor rcrroveabl* want of Form, or he removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his by Certiorari. Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster y any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Limitation of

XCI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit shall be com-Adious. menced against any Person or Persons for any thing donrin pursuance of this Act, until twenty-one Days Notice shall be thereof given in Writing to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, or after fufKcient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hatlj been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and every such Action shall be brought, laid, and tried, in the County or Place where such Matters and Things respectively shall be committed or done, and not in any other County or Place; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Actions and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon; and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before twenty-one Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that fufKcient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid; then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and if a Verdict or Verdicts shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become Nonsuited, or fufter a Discontinuance of such Action or Actions; or if, upon any Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Actions, Judgement shall he given for the Defendant or Defendants therein; then, and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Cods, in any other Cases by Law.

XCII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be taken and allowed in all Courts of Justice as a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and others, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without the same being specially pleaded.

Treble Cod*.

[Publick Act.]

CAP. XXV.

5 Eh*, c. 4. An Act foj. beLter regulating Apprentices* and Persons working under Contraft.

(Preamble. < WHEREAS Persons employed in several Manufactories of this Kingdom frequently take Ap-

prentices who are very young, and for several Years of their Apprenticeships, are rather a Bur- then than otherwise to their Mailers: And whereas it frequently happens that such Apprentices, when they might be expected to be useful to their Matters, absent themselves from their Service: And whereas the Laws in being are not fufKcient to prevent these Inconveniencies :9 For Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

'Tanices imnow- arK^ with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present erectTcbii^ Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of Apprentice ab- June, one thousand seven hundred and six ty-six, if any Apprentice shall absent himself from his Mailer’s renting before Service before the Term of his Apprenticeship shall be expired, every such Apprentice shall, at any Expiration of hn Time or Times thereafter, whenever he shall be found, be compelled to serve his said Matter for so long toTe7vV^r such a as Aall have so absented himself from such Service, unless he shall make Satisfaction. to his

Term »s he shall Matter for the Loss he shall have sustained by his Absence from his Service; and so, from time to time,

absent, as often as any such Apprentice shall, without Leave of his Matter, absent himself from his Service before

or to make Tcr,n Contract shall be fulfilled: And in case any such Apprentice shall refuse to serve as hereby

Satisfaction j required, or to make such Satisfaction to his Matter, such Matter may complain, upon Oath, to any

Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where he shall reside, which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered to administer, and to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal for apprehending any such Apprentice; and such Justice, upon hearing the Complaint,.may determine what Satisfaction shall be made to such Matter by such Apprentice; and in case such Apprentice shall not give Security to make such Satisfaction according to such Determination, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice to commit ct t as to A every Ach Apprentice to the House of Correction for any Time not exceeding three Months, pentir" paying Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to any Apprentice, whose Mailer 10 1. Fee; ° (bah have received with such Apprentice the Sum of ten Pounds.

or where 7

III. Provided also, That no Apprentice shall be compelled to serve for any Time or Term, or to make Tears shall htvc any Satisfaction to any Matter, after the Expiration of seven Years next after the End of the Term for which such Apprentice shall have contracted to serve; any Thing herein contained to the contrary not-wishttanding.

IV. And whereas it frequently happens that Artificers, Callicoe Printers, Handicraftsmen, Miners, ^Colliers, Keelmen, Pitmen, Glaffinen, Potters, Labourers, and others, who contract with Persons for

certain

elapsed.

See ao Geo. a. x. 19,

X

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III'.

C. 26,27; i-99)

certain Terms, do leave their respective Services before the Terms of their Contrafts are fulfilled; to s» Geo. ». c. 11-. 4 the great Disappointment and Loss of the Persons with whom they so contrail:* For Remedy whereof, ft 3* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, judice* impow. one thousand lieven hundred and sixty-six, if any Artificer, Callicoe Printer, Handicraftsman, Miner, ered to grant Collier, Keelman, Pitman, Glassman, Potter, Labourer, or other Person. shall contract wfth any Person Warr;!n]1 r whomsoever, for any Time or Times whatsoSVfcr, ind shall absent himself from his Service before Term of his Contraft shall be compleated, or be guilty or&ny other iviiidcmeanor; that then, and Th ruir»iiin^ their every such Uafe, it mall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where Gontratt, or any such Artificer, Callicoe Printer, Handicraftsman, Miner, Collier, Keelman, Pitman, Glassman, Potter, >cing guilty of Labourer, or other Person, shall be found, and such Justice is hereby authorised and impowered, upon M,1^e* Complaint thereof made upon Oath to him by the Person with whom such Artificer, Callicoe Printer, m<*nor» Handicraftsman, Miner, Collier, Keelman, Pitman, Glassman, Potter, Labourer, or other Person, shall have so con trailed, or by his or her Steward or Agent, which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered to*

dminister, to issue his Warrant for the apprehending every such Artificer, Callicoe Printer, Handicraftsman, Miner, Collier, Keelman, Pitman, Glassman, Potter, Labourer, or other Person, and to> examine into the Nature of the Complaint 5 and if it shall appear to such Justice that any such Artificer, and upon Con-. Callicoe Printer, Handicraftsman, Miner, Collier, Keelman, Pitman, Glassman, Potter, Labourer, or ion to com* ther Person, shall not have fulfilled such Contraft, or hath been guilty of any Mi (demeanor, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice to_commit every such Person to the House of Correction for the County or 0 cn ec#

Place where such Justices shall rclide, for any Time not exceeding three Months, nor leis than,

oc Month. -----7

V. Provided always, That if any Person shall think himself aggrieved by such Determination, Order, Persontag* or Warrant, of any Justice of the reace as aforesaid, except an Order of Commitment, every such Per- sieved by the ton may appeal to the next General Quarter ScfBons of the Peace to be held for the County or Place

where such Determination or Order shall be made 5 such Person giving six Days Notice of his Intention c^c»of Com-ef bringing such Appeal, and of the Cause and Matter thereof, to such Justice of the Peace and the Par* mitreent) m*y ties concerned, and entering into a Recognisance within three Days after such Notice, before some appeal*

Justice of the Peace for such County or Place, with sufficient Surety, conditioned to try such Appeal at, &ivin£ Notl’ce to.

and abide the Order or Judgement of, and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by, the Justices at such ^eJj|f,cint*nd

Quarter Sc (lions; which said Justices, at their said Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given,

and of entering into such Recognizances as aforesaid, shall and are hereby directed to proceed in, hear, sec.

and determine, the causes and Matters of all such Appeals; and shall give such Relief and Costs to the Justfcet ttbc

Parties appealing or appealed against, as they, in their Discretion, shall judge proper and reasonable $.and Q rt«r

lbtit Judgements and Orders therein shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, dTt^mioeVhc

Appeal, and award Costs.

VI. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to the Stannaries in the Counties Limitation of.

of Devon and Cornwall, or to impeach or lessen the Jurisdiction of the Chamberlain of the City of Landony with

or of any other Court within the said City, touching Apprentices* Sunnis

City of

CAP. XXVI. London.

An Act for the better paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the City of London, and the Liberties thereof ;S?« c. 2.

and for preventing Ofiftruftions and Annoyances, within the same and for other Pair poles therein* '} $ *3-mentioned. 8 c. 4*r#u

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the Powers of an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his hte Majesty, intituled, An Act for widening certain.

Streets, Lanes, and PaJJ'ages* within the City of London, and.Liberties Hereof \ and for oren ing certain new Streets and Ways within the same \ and Jcr other Purposes then in mentioned.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of hfs late PrnmMr,

Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for widening certain Street}, Lanes, and Paj- citing h<\ y* \ 4 fi~esy within the City of London, and Liberties thereof; and for opening attain new Stints and lV<tys within Gc0* fame\ and far other Purposes therein mentioned-, it is enacted, That the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City, in Common Council ailcmbicd, shall have Power and Authority, rot only to widen and render more convenient such and !o many of the several Streets, Lanes, and Pafljgt s,

mentioned and described in a Schedule to the said Act annexed, intituled, First Schedule, in Manner in the said Schedule particularly mentioned, but also to design, make, open, and lay out. Inch new Streets Ways, and Passages, in the Parts and Places particularly mentioned and described in another Schedule to the said Act also annexed, intituled, Second SJ:i\iu/e, in Manner in such Second Schedule mentioned;

And whereas the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages, by the said Act intended to be widened and rer.-4 derni more convenient, are mentioned and described in a Schedule to the said Act annexed, intituled.

Second Schedule, to which the Act refers, and the Manner of widening and tendering- the same more con- vcjiicnt, is particularly mentioned in such Second Schedule: And whereas tho Parts’ and Places w herein

‘the

200 C. 27.

Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

the several new Streets* Ways, and Passages, are, by the said Act, intended to be designed, made,

opened, and laid out, are particularly mentioned and described in a Schedule to the said Act also an- nexed, intituled, First Schedule, to which the Ad refers, and the Manner of designing, making, open-

ing, and lading out the same, is therein mentioned: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the said Schedules are well and sufficiently referred to by the said Act* and, inconsequence thereof, whether the Powers by the said Act intended to be vested in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the said City of London, in Common Council assembled, or in a Committee to be by them appointed, for ena- bling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the said City, in Common Council assembled, to effect the Purposes aforesaid, aie, by the said Act, well and sufficiently vested in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the said City, in Common Council assembled, or in a Committee to be by them appointed; 4 by reason whereof, the further Prosecution of a Design so useful and beneficial to the Publick, wherein 4 a considerable Progress hath been already made at the Peril and Risque of the Persons concerned therein, is greatly interrupted, and, if an adequate remedy be not applied, may be wholly laid aside: Now, to obviate all Doubts in the Premisses, and to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled, to efted the said Purposes of the said Act, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof;’ may it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

Mayor, Alder- That from and after the passing of this Act, the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, men, and Com- in Common Council Assembled, shall have, and shall be deemed to have. Power and Authority to delign, «on?, in Com- make, open, and layout, new Streets, Ways, and Passages, in the Parts and Places particularly men-"flT t*one(l and described in a Schedule to the said recited Act annexed, intituled. First Schedule, to which the

powered to make refers, in Manner in such Schedule mentioned; and also to widen and render more convenient the

the improve- several Streets, Lanes, and Passages, particularly mentioned and described in another Schedule to the said tnenti mend- recited Act also annexed, intituled. Second Schedule, to which the Ad refers, in Manner in such Second oned in the Schedule mentioned*

two Schedules

annexed to the recited Act,

ProviHom of former Act, relating to laying out new Streets, &c. extended to this. No Advantage to be taken of any Defeat in former Act.

Powers vested in the Court of Mayor and Aldermen to be iiolden in the outer Chamber of the City.

Jury to assefi the Value of Lands, &c.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Provisions, Powers, and Authorities, of the said recited Act, which respect either the designing, making, opening, or laying out, any new Streets, Ways, or Passages, or the widening or rendering more convenient any Streets, Lanes, and Passages, not hereby altered or repealed, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the said City, in Common Council assembled, to effect the Purposes aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, T iat from and after the passing of this Act, no Advantage shall be taken of any Mistake or Defect in the said recited Act, touching any Thing in, or in the Reference to the Schedules thereunto annexed, in any Court of Law or Equity, by any Person whatsoever, against the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the said City, in Common Council assembled, their Committees, Agents, Workmen, Officers, Servants, or Persons acting by or under their Authority, or any other Person whatsoever.

IV. And whereas in and by the said recited Act, the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said c City are impowered and authorised to issue certain Warrants and Precepts, and to proceed thereon in Manner therein expressed, and to do several other Acts: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Powers and Authorities thereby vested in the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, may be lawfully exercised by the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City to be holden in the outer Chamber of the Guildhall of the said City, according to the Custom of the City: And whereas it wo*rid greatly facilitate the Execution of the said Act, if the said last mentioned Court had all the Powers and Authorities by the said Act vested in the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, to be holden in the outer Chamber of the Guildhall of the said City, according to the Custom of the said City, shall be, and are hereby impowered and authorised to issue all such Warrants or Precepts as aforesaid, and to proceed thereon as aforesaid, and to do all other Acts which the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City might lawfully do by virtue of the said recited Act and of this Act, subject nevertheless to the Alterations, Rcilridions, and Provisions, herein contained.

V. And whereas the Provisions of the said recited Act have been found to be defective, in Cases where Persons seized or possessed of, or interested, or claiming any Interest in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, necessary to be purchased for the Purposes of the said Act, have not produced and evinced a clear Title to their respective Interests by them claimed, to the Satisfaction of the Mayor, Al- dermen, and Commons, of the said City, in Common Council assembled, or of the Person or Persons by them authorised or appointed, according to the Directions of the said Act:’ Now for Remedy in the Premisses, and to provide for the speedy Decision of all Controversies touching the Title to any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, when and as often as in any of the Cases above-mentioned a Jury shall be impanelled, returned, and sworn, according to the Directions of the said recited Act, such Jury shall inquire of and assess the Value of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and the proportionable Value of the respective Estate and Interest of any Person claiming any Estate or Interest therein, or in any Part thereof; and the Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall thereupon give Judgment, that the Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed be the Value of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and of such Estates or Estate, Interests or Interest; and the Verdict and Judgement as aforesaid (Notice having been duly given according to the

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 27. 201

Directions of the said recited Act) shall be binding and conclusive as to Value, as well against the King's

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as against every other Person, Bodies Politick and Corporate what-

ibever; and it shall be lawful for the Court of Mayor and Aldermen, to order the Sum so to be assessed PurcWe-money

ti and for the Value of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be paid into the Bank of England,

in the Name and with the Privity of the Accomptant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be Njmca"f

placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Accorrp’um

iefcribing them, subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition, of the said Court of Chancery; which General:

said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum, by

Motion or Petition, shall be, and is hereby impowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise,

as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order Distribution thereof according to the respective Estate or

Efhtes, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, of; in, or to, such Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be made appear to, and to be declared by, the said Court, and according to the Value thereof, assessed as aforesaid; and to make such other Order in the Premises, as to the hid Court shall seem just and reasonable.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That immediately from and after such PrfmifTn the re-Verdict, Judgement, and Order, of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, and Payment into the Bank uFon v ned as aforesaid, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand, in Law Qr the M4Jor* &c* Equity, as well of the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as of all and every Person, Bodies Politick or Corporate whatsoever, of, in, to, or out of, such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall vest in the Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the said City of London \ and they shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Scifin and Possession thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And whereas the Provisions made in and by the said recited Act, for preventing the fatal Effects of Fire within the said City and Liberties, hath not been found sufficient to answer the Purposes thereby intended,' be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Party Walls which, from and Party Wallt, after the Expiration of three Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, shall be erected or w 'hu built within the said City, or Liberties thereof, shall be two Bricks and an Half thick, at least, in the i^n<JJn^[o^ Cellar Story; and two Bricks thick upwards to the Top above the Tiling; and to rife nine Inches at least built ’beet above the Tiling of the Roof; and that the same shall be built of Stone, or of good, found, hard, well directed, burnt Bricks, and none other: And also, that from and after the Expiration of the said three Calendar Months, no Sort of Linthaling, Bond Timber, or any other Timbers whatsoever, except the Timbers of the Roof, the Girders, and Templets not more than three Feet in Length under the Ends of the said Girders, the Ends of Trimmers, and the Ends of Joists, shall be laid into the Party Walls, that may be erected or built within the said City and Liberties; and that the Ends of Girders, Ends of Trimmers, and the Ends of Joists, lying within such Party Walls, shall not exceed one Foot; and that none of the Ends of the Girders, Trimmers, or Ends of Joists, in adjoining Houses, shall meet, or be laid opposite to each other; and that the Sides thereof shall be at least nine Inches distant from each other; and that in case the Ends of Joists shall happen to lie in the Party Walls, then, instead of Timber Linthaline,

Scantlings of Portland Stone, nine Inches wide and five Inches thick, shall be laid in the Party Walls upon which the Ends of the Joists shall rest: And if any Person or Persons shall offend in the Premisses, he, she, or they, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of forty Pounds; to be recovered, with Costs of Suit, by any Person who will sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or within the said City, in which Action, no L{Toinf Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; one Moiety of such Forfeiture, when recovered, to be paid and delivered to the Treasurer of Christ Hospital, to be employed towards the Relief of the poor Children to be brought up and maintained in the said Hospital, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person who shall sue for the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Clauses, Provisoes, Matters, and Powers of For.

Things, contained in the said recited Act1, shall, so far as they, or any of them, are applicable to thrs AO, so far

present Act, be extended to, and be in full Force, and executed as well for the Purposes of this Act, as of the said former Act, as amply and effectually as if the same were in and by this Act expressly re-enacted, and declared to take Effect and be in Force.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Verdict, Judgement, or other Proceeding, ProceHir.r not

under or by virtue of this Act, shall be quashed, vacated, or discharged, for want of Form only, or be 10 *or

removed or removeable by Certiorari, or otherwise, into any Court of Record at Westminster.

by Ocrtiorari.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall be brought, or Suit commenced against any of

Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, in relation to the PmnilK s, or any of Actions,

them, such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought within six Calendar Months next after the Fact dune,

and shall be laid or brought in the City of London, and not elsewhere: And the Defendant or Defendants in such Action may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence, at General lffae. any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be brought within the Time before limited, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nnn-fuiicd, or suffer a Discontinuance of hi^ her, or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pais agnirll the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the said Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such TublcCo/W* Vok. X. D d Remedy

20%

C. 26. Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

Remedy for recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Colts in ether Cases by Law.

Publick AO.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, a Publick Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Joftion, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited Time; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk i Manufacture.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS great Quantities of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets are daily brought into and See 8 Geo. 3. fold in Great Britain, to the Prejudice of the Silk Manufacture of these Kingdoms v For Redrds c. 25. whereof, it is expedient that the Importation of such Goods into Great Britain, and the Islands 0fjtrfij,

Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Alan, should be prohibited for a limited Time; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

from and after and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and 14 June, 1766, after the fourteenth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, no foreign wrought Silks or j

w°rouJht6Silk* Velvets shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, J

or Velvets may or Man, upon Pain of being seized and forfeited, and upon the further Penalty of one hundred Pounds of J

be imported, on lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid by the Importer thereof, for each Piece or Remnant so import* J

Penalty of For- ed, together with Coils of Suit. } 1

feiture and icol. v 1

rVT7f 7 And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fourteenth Day of f

expo fed tosie^ 7une* one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, no Mercer, Haberdasher, Upholder, Mantw-mata, exchanged, Millener, Taylor, or othec Person or Persons whatsoever, shall vend, utter, fell, or expose to Sale, or trucked, or exchange, barter, truck, or other wise dispose of, any foreign wrought Silk or Velvet, wove, wrought, worked up, (not fabricated, or manufactured in foreign Parts, and which shall not have been imported before the fourteenth being imported Day of June* one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, or few, work, or make up, the same, for, in, or Time)1 ' upon> any Garment, or wearing Apparel or Furniture whatsoever; upon Pain that al) and every such on Penalty of foreign wrought Silk or Velvet, Garment or Garments, or Furniture or other Work made thereof, so Forfeiture there- fold, orexpoled to Sale, exchanged, bartered, trucked, ordisposed of, or sewed, worked, or made up, for,

«f, &c. jn, or upon, any Garment, or wearing Apparel, or Furniture, or other Work, and the Garment, wear-

ing Apparel, Furniture, or other Materials, in, with, or upon which the same shall be so sewed, wrought, or made up, shall be seized and forfeited; and all and every Person and Persons who shall vend, utter, fell, or expose to Sale, exchange, barter, truck, or dispose of, or knowingly few, work, or make up, or cause or procure to be sewed, wrought, or made up, for, in, or upon, any Garment, or wearing j,

Apparel, or Furniture, or other Work, any such foreign wrought Silk or Velvet, wove, wrought, fabri- t

cated, or manufactured, in foreign Parts, and not imported before the said fourteenth Day of June, one i:

*n<! ,c° ^bh thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds

Costs Of Suit. of ]awful Money of Great Britain, together with Costs of Suit.

The said Good*

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all foreign wrought Silk or Velvet, dr j ] ,way be seized, other Work made thereof, wove, wrought, fabricated, or manufactured, in foreign Parts, which after I

*c* the said fourteenth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, shall be imported into this \

Kingdom, or into Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, whether the same shall be mixed with, sewed 1

on, or made up with, any other Goods or Materials, or otherwise, and the Apparel, Garment, or Furniture, i

Nor other Materials, in, with, or upon, which the same shall be mixed, sewed, or made up, may be seized, and ]

»nd the Venders, after Condemnation, shall be forfeited; and the Mercer, Haberdasher, Upholder, Mantua-maker. Mil-

wh?fc liner, Taylor, or other Dealer, or Vender or Maker-up of any of the said Manufactures, in whoseHoofe,

fame shall be Warehouse, Custody, or Possession, the same shall be found and seized, being thereof convicted, shall, for

found, every Piece or Remnant of such foreign Silk or Velvet, or other Work made thereof, that shall befeited

and found in his, her, or their House, Shop, Warehouse, Custody, or Possession, as aforesaid, and which shall have been brought, placed, or continued there, with his, her, or their Knowledge, Privity, or forfeit ico 1. Consent, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, together with Costs of Suit.

Seizure to be

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That forthwith after the Seizure of any such

depositra moue foreign wrought Silks or Velvets, or other Works made thereof as aforesaid, or as soon after as conveni- ,

Wwehoufrs* enc^y may be, the same shall be sent to, and deposited in one of the King’s Warehouses belonging to the and to be free to Custom-house at London 5 and all and every such foreign wrought Silks and Velvets may, fromtimeto Inijpedlion; time, be viewed and inspected by any Person or Persons on behalf of the Prosecutor or Prosecutors, or of the Person or Persons interested in, or claiming the said Silks and Velvets; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs are hereby requfred to make and give sufficient Orders, from time to time, for that Pur-and robe pub- p0fe and after Condemnation thereof, in due Course of the Lav/, all and every such Silks and Velvet*

|ckiy iuH, after pUbliCkly sold to the bed Advantage for Exportation by the Candle; and one Moiety of the Pro-

loThtTsft^Bid- ^uce or Money arising by the sale of such Silks or Velvets, shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs rfer, for Expor- and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Use of the Officer or Officers who fttaTl felze Midlecure

tauojij 6 the

A.D. 1.766.

Anno sexto Georgii III.

C.

203

the fame? and no such foreign wrought Silks or Velvets shall be consumed or used in this Kingdom, or in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sarky or Mart, but shall be exported again to some Port or Place beyond the Seas, and shall not be fold otherwise than on Condition to be exported as aforesaid; and such Silks and for which Sccu-Velvets shall not be delivered out of the Warehouse or Place wherein the same shall have been secured, rity to bc until sufficient Security be first given to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, which the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs are hereby impowered and required to take, that the same and every Part Goods wit of the thereof shall be exported as aforesaid, and not landed again in any Part of Great Britain, or Jersey, Guernsey, :yan houfr. Alderney, Sarkyox Man\ which, Securities shall be discharged without Fee or Reward, upon Certificate Certificate to be returned under the Common Seal of the chief Magistrate in any Place or Places beyond the Seas, or under returned of-itich the Hands and Seals of two known English Merchants at such Place, that the Goods were there landed, p^t^",cfor or upon Proof by two credible Persons that such Goods were taken by Enemies, or perished in the Seas, th°Goods bring the Examination and Proof thereof being hereby left to the Judgement of the said Commissioners; which uk-n?oi hiving Commissioners are hereby impowered and requited, from time to time, to call upon the Person or Persons p-iished at Sea; who have entered into such Security, to produce such Certificate or Proof as aforesaid; and in Default of clj,.rw:fc ,he producing such Certificate, or Proof to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, such Securities to be put s tcuritie* are to in Suit and prosecuted, by Order of the said Commissioners, against the Person or Persons who shall so be put in Suit, make Default, in such Manner as Offences of the like Kind are sued or prosecuted by any Law or Statute of this Realm.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures, R«ovfry.ar>d by this Act imposed, shall and may be sued for and recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or informa- Application #f tion* in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record ^t Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, Forfeiture, or in the Royal Courts of Jersey and Guernsey, or in any Courts to be holden in his Majesty *s Name, or

by virtue of his Authority, in the Isle of Man, respectively, where the Offence shall be committed, together with the Costs of Suit, in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General, or in the Name of his Majesty's Advocate in Scotland, or in the Name or Names of some Officer or Officers of the Customs; wherein no Eflbin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and that one Moiety of every such Penalty and Forfeiture shall be to the Use of the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and the other Moiety tlrercof, to such Person or Persons who shall sue or prosecute for the same.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Officers of the Customs shall officer neglect-neglect or refuse, for the Space of one Month after the Condemnation of such Goods, to prosecute to effect ins10 prosecute any Person or Persons for any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture by this Act inflicted upon Offenders against fora"* ^ctcun1' the same; that then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever to sue 0*r p’rfon for, prosecute, and recover, the respective pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures by this Act inflicted, in like mly iUc for and manner as i9 herein before directed with regard to the Officers of the Customs; and-one Moiety of the said recover the same, respective Forfeitures, when recovered, shall, in such Case, go and be applied to the Use of his Majesty,

his Heirs and.Successors; and the other Moiety, to the Person or Persons who shall sue or prosecute for the same respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such foreign wrought Silks or wher* tb«

Velvets shall be seized by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, and any Doubt or Question shall arise where SalVnot'be the same were manufactured, the Proof shall lie upon the Owner or Claimer of such Goods, or the Person proved°by the prosecuted for being guilty of an Offence against this Act, and not upon the Prosecutor or Prosecutors, Owner, see. Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; and in case no Proof shall be given and fully made to the Satisfaction of the Court to be manufac-where such Suit or Prosecution shall be demending, that such Silks or Velvets were manufactured in Great *uredJn Crcit Britain, then the same shall, without any farther Proceeding, be taken and held to have been manufactured ®"utral,^a)tlJCCIT1 out of Great Britain, and contrary to, and in Violation of, this Act; any Law, Usage or Custom, to the them of foie\n contrary notwithstanding. Manufacture.

VIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to The Wearer of

inflict any Penalty on the Wearer of such foreign wrought Silks or Velvet, or other Work made thereof, such Goods, or or the Owner of any Furniture made thereof; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any °wher of/ur" wise notwithstanding. ZZC

- liable to forfeit*

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon every Action, Bill, Plaint, or In-Costs to be ai-

formation, entered, filed, and prosecuted, for any pecuniary Penalty imposed by this Act, Costs shall be lowed in all Pro-allowed, and attend the Event of such Suit or Prosecution on either Side; for which the Parties shall have fecut,?ns j?r the like Remedy as in other Cases where Costs are allowed to Plaintiffs or Defendants. "

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Suit or Prosecution for Recovery proof, where of the pecuniary Penalties imposed by this Act, the Proof where the Goods were manufactured shall lie the Goods were upon the Person prosecuted, and not upon the Prosecutor; and in case the Goods, on account of which such manuiaaured. Suit or Prosecution shall be commenced, shall have been condemned incourse of Law, when such Suit or c roiecuted^ Prosecution for the pecuniary Penalty is brought to Trial, the Judgement of such Condemnation shall be judgement* of* admitted and allowed to be given as Evidence, that such Goods, so seized and condemned, were not manu- Condemnation factured in Great Britain, so as to intitle the Plaintiff or Prosecutor, in such Suit or Prosecution, to recover of the Good* the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed; and the Proof of such Judgement of Condemnation to be fu*c *nt to ‘n*fc made, given, and allowed, in such and the like Manner, as Proof of Judgements in any of his Majesty's [o/to iwom?1* Courts of Record at Westminster, in other Case% are usually made, given, and allowed, in any of the said

Courts, and not otherwise; any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

204 C. 29.

Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

Limitation of Actitfm.

Certain Goods not within the Extent of this Act.

Commencement

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall commence and take place of this nAaaanCC from an<* a^tcr ^e said fourteenth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six; and shall con-0 1 14 tinne and be in force for the Space of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of

Parliament, and no longer.

XII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That all Informations, Bills, Actions* and Suits, that shall be had, brought, commenced, sued, or exhibited, for any Forfeiture or Offence committed against this Act, shall and may be had, brought, commenced, sued, and exhibited, within twelve Calendar Months after the Discovery of such Offence; and, in case of Seizure and Condemnation, within six Calendar Months after Judgement of Condemnation shall be obtained thereon.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any wrought Silk or Velvet which shall be manufactured in, and imported from, the East Indies; or to any Silk Crapes, or Tiffanies, of the Manufacture of Italy.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued General lfl*ue. or prosecuted for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, he or they may plead the General Issue, and

give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear to have been so done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants: And if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; the De-TrcMcCofts. fondant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, for which they shall have the like Remedy, as Defendants have in other Cases by Law where Costs are allowed to Defendants.

Recital of Clause 4

XV. And whereas by an Act made in twelfth Year of his Majesty King George the First, intituled*

in Ati ix Geo. 1. An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, and for better Pai-1. relating to the ment of Their Wages; there is contained a Clause, whereby it is enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, Woollen Manu- < j)ay Qr Night, break into any House or Shop, or enter by Force into any House or Shop, with Intent to cut or destroy any Serge, or other Woollen Goods, in the Loom, or any Tools employed in the making thereof; or shall wilfully and maliciously cut or destroy any such Serges, or Woollen Goods* in the Loom, or on the Rack; or shall burn, cut, or destroy, any Rack, on which any such Serges, or other Woollen Goods, are hanged in order to dry; or shall wilfully and maliciously break or destroy any Tools used in the making any such Serges, or other Woollen Goods, not having the Consent of the Owner so to do; every such Offender, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death, as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy: And whereas it is necessary and expedient that the Provision contained in the said Clause shall be extended to the Silk Manu-faftureof this Kingdom ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons SthcCSUk, Ma by Day or by Night, break into any House or Shop, or enter by Force into any House or Shop, with

mJaAure. an£ Intent to cut or destroy any Velvet, wrought Silk, or Silk mixed with any other Materials, or other Silk Offendei* art Manufacture, in the Loom, or any Warp or Shute, Tools, Tackle, or Utensils; or shall wilfully ftt^ea to suffer and maliciously cut or destroy arty Velvet, wrought Silk, or Silk mixed with any other Materials, or other Death, as in Silk Manufacture, in the Loom, or any Warp or Shute, Tools, Tackle, or Utensils, prepared oremployed without BelttfiV *n or for l^e making* thereof; or shall wilfully and maliciously break or destroy any Tools, Tackle, or

faduic.

The Provisions in the recited

of Clergy.

Utensils, used in or for the weaving or making any such Velvet, wrought Silks, or Silks mixed with any other Materials, or other Silk Goods, or Silk Manufacture, not having the Consent of the Owners so to do; every such Offender, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death* as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

[Preamble,

from and after <4 June, 176S all Frame work knitted Pieces and Stocking-s (tho'e made of Silk excrpte<i) containing three or more Threads, are to be m irked whh the same Kumber of llet-

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to prevent the fraudulent marking of Frame-work Knitted Pieces* and Stocking*.

WHEREAS Persons employed in the Frame-work knitted Manufactures, do often mark their

Goods to denote the same to be made with a greater Number of Threads than such Manufac-

tures are really made of, to the great Imposition of the Buyers, and Discredit of the said Manufactures at c foreign Markets :* Therefore, to prevent the like Impositions and Deceits for the future. May it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, 2nd Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, all Frame-work knitted Pieces, and Stockings made of Thread, Cotton, Worsted, or Yarn, or any Mixture of all or any of the said Materials, or of any Materials of any other Kind or Nature whatsoever (except such as shall be made of Silk only) which shall contain three or more Threads, shall be marked with the same Number of llet-holes, and no more, as there are Threads contained in each Piece or Pair of such Goods and Manufactures; and such Uet holes shall be made in a plain and distinct Manner in one direct Line, or in the same Course, and shall not exceed the Dist ance of three Inches from the two extream llet-holes; and no such llet-holes shall he made or placed within the Distance of four Inches of any Letter, Figure, Mark, or other Device, which shall be put or woven in any such Goods or Manufactures; and all such llet-holes shall be made within four Inches of the l of or End of every such Piece or Pair of such Goods and Manufactures; and that no Ilet-hole, or

Imitation

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 29. 205

Imitation thereof, shall be made or put in any Frame-work knitted Piece or Pair of Stockings upon any hole*, md no Account or Pretence whatsoever, except as herein before directed by this Act.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to prevent Provision with any Manufacturers from using Remnants, or Materials of any Sort, in the Welts and Tops of Stockings !£* g

only, at any Didance not exceeding three Inches from the Top, although the same shall not contain so of srockings.°P great a Number of Threads as are contained in the Legs of such Stockings.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of M>r,ers»

June, one thousand seven hundred and ttxty-ttx, if any Mader Frame-work Knitter or Master Hotter, or any An-

other Person, shall make or work, or shall cause or procure to be made or wrought, any Frame-work th"£ Goods in knitted Goods or Manufactures of any of the Materials aforesaid, or any Mixture thereof (except such Manner above as shall be made of Silk only) without being duly and truly marked in the Manner before directed; every directed, such Matter Frame-work Knitter, or Matter Hotter, or other Person so offending, and being thereof con-

vifted in Manner herein after mentioned, shall respectively forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds for *°rfeit 5 j- aB* every Piece of such Frame-work knitted Goods, or Pair of Stockings, so made, or caused or procured to the G be made, which shall not be duly and truly marked according to the Directions of this Act; and shall also forfeit and lose all such Frame-work knitted Pieces and Stockings.

IV. Provided always, That the Penalty of*five Pounds, herein before mentioned, shall not be construed to Journeymen, extend to any Journeyman, Apprentice, Servant, or Person, not making such Goods or Manufactures

his own Account. Z:,oZ Account, excepted

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Journeyman, Apprentice, Servant, who are liable to or other Person, employed in making any Frame-work knitted Manufactures, shall not at any Time that forfeit not cx-he shall make any Frame-work knitted Piece or Pair of Stockings, duly and truly mark every such Piece i*0*'nor *nd Pair according to the Directions of this Act, and the true Intent and Meaning thereof; every such c 40 S Journeyman, Apprentice, Servant, or other Person, so offending, and being thereof convicted in Manner

herein after mentioned, shall respectively forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, for each and every Piece of Frame-work knitted Goods, or Pair of Stockings, which every such Journeyman, Apprentice, Servant, or other Person, shall respectively make, and shall not mark in Manner before directed.

VI. Provided always, That if any Journeyman, Apprentice, or Servant, or other Person, employed in ynlefi they make

making any Frame-work knitted Manufactures, shall make it appear, to the Satisfaction of the Justice JhiP7aedac> before whom he shall be brought, that such Frame-work knitted Pieces, or Stockings, so by him unduly c0rd, ag to marked, was so marked by Direction of his Matter, or the Person by whom he was employed; that then. Direction of and in every such Case, such Journeyman, Apprentice, or Servant, or other Person, shall be exempted their MaAcr 5 from any Penalty or Forfeiture for such Offence. wh, ch Cafc

they are exempted.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day from and after

of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, if any Frame-work Knitter, Hosier, or other 2$ Mareh, 1765, Person, shall fell, or expose to Sale, any Frame-work knitted Piece, or Pair of Stockings, made of all or Person8 who any of the aforesaid Materials, or of any Mixture thereof (except such as shall be made of Silk only) which ^Sale""

shall not be duly and truly marked in Manner herein before directed; every such Hosier, and other Person, Goods not

so offending, and being thereof convicted in Manner herein after mentioned, shall forfeit and pay the Sum being duly and of five Pounds for every Frame-work knitted Piece, and for every Pair of Stockings, so fold, or exposed to truly m.uk d, Sale, which shall not be duly and truly marked according to the Directions of this Act; and shall also for- 5J* Per feit and lose all such Frame-work knitted Pieces, and Stockings, so by him fold, or exposed to Sale. inTthe^c j

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, at any Time after except they dir. the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, any Person shall be prose-*over the cuted by virtue of this Act, for felling, or exposing to Sale, any Frame-work knitted Goods or Manufac- fhj|^ac$on! tures, which shall not be duly and truly marked according to the Directions of this Act, and shall discover vidicd, and be-

-the Vender or Seller thereof so as such Vender or Seller shall be convicted, and become liable to the Penal- come liable to ties and Forfeitures laid and inflicted by this Act; then, and not otherwise, the Person so prosecuted for Penalty; felling or exposing such Frame-work knitted Goods or Manufactures to Sale, shall be, and is hereby dif- in which Case charged from any Penalty or Forfeiture laid or inflicted by this Act; any Thing in this Act to the contrary they*'c exen pt-notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for anyone Method of Co»-j or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, or Place, where

any Offence shall he committed against this Act, such Justice not being a Frame-work Knitter, Hosier, or a Proprietor of Frames m2dc use of in the weaving of Frame-work knitted Goods or Manufactures, to convict the Party or Parties offending, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnessea (which Oath such Justice or Justices are hereby impowered and required to administer) and, upon such Conviction, in case such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, to issue a Warrant or War-»nd Recovery ef Finr, under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to levy and recover the said respective Penal- lhe Pc,1*Jty* tics and Forfeitures by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattles, rendeiing the Overplus (if any there shall be) after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof; For w*nt of Dr-and in cale no Goods or Chattles of the Party or Parties so offending can be found, or there shall not be stress^rheOfco-Goods or Chatdes sufficient to pay such Penalties and Forfeitures, anyone or more of such Justices of *ctu*

the

206 C. 30.

Anno sexto Georgii III.’

A.D. 1766.

Application of the Penalties,

Persons aggrier-rd may appeal to the Qoaitcr Setfnnfii;

whose Deter-

Tnination shall be final.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Reservation of Rights to the Frame-work Knitters Company.

the Peace shall, upon Proof thereof made upon Oath (which Oath he and they is and are hereby hn-powered and required to administer) before him or them* by the Person or Persons who shall have the Execution of such Warrant or Warrants, commit the Party or Parties offending to the Common Gaol of the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding three Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures shall he sooner paid and satisfied; and all Penalties and Forfeitures aforesaid shall go and be applied, one Moiety to the Use of the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Poor of the Parish, Town, or Place, where such Offence shall have been committed.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County or Place-wherein the Cause of Complaint shall arile; such Appellant giving ten Days Notice in Writing of hit or her Intention of bringing such Appeal, to such Justice or Justices before whom he or she shall have been convicted; and, within two Days after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County or Place, with two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal at such Quarter Seffkms; and the said Justices, at the said Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Panics appealing, or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determinatioaof such Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes.

XI. And be further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, add that the same was done by the Authority of this A and if it shall appear to have been so done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, 6r discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgement shall be given, upon any Verdict or Demurrer, against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and hare the like Remedy for the same, as Defendants have in other Cases by Law.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, 01 be construed, deemed, or taken to extend, to abridge or take away any Rights or Privileges which the Master, Wardens, and Assistants* of the Company of Frame-work Knitters for the Time being now hav^ or are intitled unto.

CAP. XXX.

see 7 Geo. 3. An Act for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the 9OW.3.C. 41. Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England% for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of Marcby one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six-, and for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, several Acts of Parliament passed in the second, fourth, and fifth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, relating to the railing and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England.

WHEREAS the Sum of one hundred and fifty thousand Pounds has been granted to his Majesty for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing for the Militia, for one Year, from the twenty- fifth Day of March, one thounfand seven hundred and sixty-six :* In order therefore that the Charge of Pay and Cloathing for such Militia may be duly and properly defrayed and satisfied; be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in every County, Riding, or Place, within that Part of Great Britain called England, where the Militia is or shall be raised, the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax of such County, Riding, or Place respectively, shall issue and pay the whole Sums required, in the Manner, and for the several UfcT,' herein after* mentioned, that is tojay, For the Pay of the said Militia for four Calendar Months in Advance* at the Rate of six Shillings a Day for each Adjutant, where an Adjutant is appointed; and at the Rate of one Shilling for each Serjeant, with the Addition of two Shillings and six Pence a Week for each Ser-' jeant Major, where a Serjeant Major is appointed; and at the Rate of six Pence a Day for each Drummer* with the Addition of six Pence a Day for each Dnim Major, where a Drum Major is appointed; and also at the Rate of six Pence a Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Ex-pmces of each Regiment, Battali'on, and Independant Company of Militia; one Penny whereof shall be applied for defraying the Hospital Expences of each Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company, during the Time of the Men’s being from Home, upon Account of their annual Exercise; and also for half a Year’s Salary for the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia belonging to such County, Riding, or Place, at the Rate of fifty Pounds a Year and also for the respective Allowances to the Clerk of the General Meetings, and Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings, at the Rates following; rhat is to say, To the Clerk of the General Meetings, at the Rate of five Pounds five Shillings for each Meeting;

and

[Preamble,

Where the Militia is or shall be raised, the F cceiver Gene* »..! of the County is to issue Months P^y in Advance, accord ng to the Fft-blishment of Pay here let down j

with half a Ycai’s Salary to the Regimen tal and Ba’t:— lien CLrks j

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii MV C. 30. 207

and to the several Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings, at the Rate of one Found one Shilling for each *nd Allow-Meeting; and also for the Cloathing of the MiKtia for such County, Riding, or Place, after the Rate of cicrkj^cf^he three Pounds ten Shillings for each Serjeant, and two Pounds for each Drummer, with the Addition of one GeneraUni* Pound for each Serjeant Major, and each Drum Major; and with respe^l to the private Militia Men, where s.ibaivision the Militia hath beex embodied, or having not been embodied, hath not been cloathed within three Years, Meeting; at the Rate of one Pound ten Shillings for each Private Man. and piv for

Cloathing of the

II. Provided n evert h el efsi That in any County, Riding, or Place, where Pay has not yet been iflwed for the Militia, no ftiy shall be i/Tucd' until his Majesty's Lieutenant, or in his Abie nee, any three Deputy Lieutenants, of any such County, Riding, or Place, shall have certified to the Commissioners of his IVIa-jesty’s Treasury, and to the Receiver General of the Land Tax, that three-fifths of the Number of Private Militia Men of such County, Riding or Place, have been inrolled, and that three*fifths of the Proportion of their Commission Officers have accepted their Commissions, and entered their Qualifications as by Law required.

Receivers General the Inrolment of three-fifths of the Men

Militia-

The ab^ve Sums are not to be paid, if Fay haa not befere been issued, till the Ld. Lieut, or Deputies shall have certified to the Tleafuty and-and Officer*.

III. And be it enacted, That all such Sums of Money aforesaid, except such as shall be due to the feve- The Money is to* ral Clerks of the Meetings aforesaid, and except such as shall be due on account of Cloathing, shall, where R^ve^enc-the Militia has never been embodied, be paid by the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, ra*to the cierfc into the Hands of the Clerk or Clerks of the Regiments or Battalions of Militia belonging to such County, of the Regiment-Riding, or Place, upon his or their producing his or their Warrant or Warrants of Appointment to such or Battalion (e*-Office. under the Hand and Seal of his Majesty's Lieutenant for such respective County, Priding, or Place; ccPf the Allow-and where the Militia has been embodied, into the Hands of the Clerk or Clerks of the Regiments or Bat- cieSuof the talions, upon his or their producing his or their Warrant or Warrants of Appointment to such Office, un- Meetings) a ponder the Hand and Seal of the Colonel, or, where there is no Colonel, of the Commanding Officer of each producing the Regiment or Battalion respectively, notwithstanding such Militia shall have been disembodied; and where warrant of hie the Militia shall be formed into an independant Company, or Independant Companies, such Sums as afore- Appointment* said shall be paid by the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, into the Hands of the re- Jant SjcnpaoTcl* spective Captain of each independant Company of Militia, or to such Person as such respective Captain to the respect*-shall authorize to receive the same, according to the Number of Persons hereby intitled to receive Pay and Captain*, or to ^loathing, of which such Regiment or Regiments, Battalion or Battalions, independant Company or In- their Order; dependant Companies, shall have been appointed to consist, according to the Establishment laid down in an p^liAment Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, dow» io tho. and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the railing and train- Milium Act of 4 ing the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England;9 and such Receiver or Receivers General Geo. 3.

*of the Land Tax shall also, within fourteen Days after the Expiration of the third Calendar Month from A second /the Time of the said first Payment, make a fecona Payment for four Calendar Months in Advance; and shall with?a

also, within fourteen Days after the Expiration of the three Calendar Months from the Time of the said j Month* after second Payment, make a third Payment for four Calendar Months in Advance, for the Pay and contingent the first; and*. Expences of the Militia, and for the Allowances to the Regimental or Battalion Clerk or Clerks aforesaid, third within in the Pwiponions herein before mentioned; and the Receipts of such Clerk or Clerks, and of such Cap. 3 Month* arte*. Aain of an independant Company, or Captains of independant Companies, or of such Person or Persons the

as such Captain or Captains shall so authorize to receive such Money as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Dif- p'iVm to whom charge to such Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for the several hums of Money so by him the Money fttil* them paid. be so paid, d»f-

charge the Re-

IV. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia shall forthwith, after »e Receipt of such Sums of Money as aforesaid, pay, or eause to be paid, one Calendar Month’s Pay in Advance to the Adjutant of such Regiment or Battalion respectively; and to the Captain or Commanding ORccr of each Company belonging to such Regiment or Battalion, two Months Pay in Advance for the Serjeants, Drummers, and the contingent Expences of his respective Company; out of which said contingent Money each Captain shall pay to the Commanding Officer of each Regiment or Battalion one Penny m Mvrtfa so^ each Private Man and Drummer, for the defraying the Expences of the Hospital; and also to 'ftse Commanding Officer of the Company to which the Serjeant Major and Drum Major shall belong, two Arfonths Pay in Advance for such Serjeant and Drum Major; and so from time to time so long as any Moon that Account shall remain in his Hands: Which Pay every such Captain or Commanding Officer is tiCTeby required to distribute to each Person belonging ro his Company, by this Act intitled to receive the same, as it shall become due; and shall, once in every Year, give in to the Clerk of the Regiment or Battalion to which such Company shall belong, or, if Captain of an independant Company, to the Receiver <jtm«ral, an Account of the several Payments he shall have made in pursuance of this Act, according to the following Form:

VottiHi Chart* of the Hospital; and for the Serjeant Major and Dro«n Major; to be paid to the Commanding Officer of the Company so Captain* to distnbute the Fay accordingly; and account for the Umt yearly to 1 be Clerk. or Reteim General if an loUrLendant '*H*iM Mowing form; ! 7

icJvcr* General. The Regimental and Bitfalinn Clerks are to pay In Advance one Month '* Fay to the Adjutant; and % Month* Pay to each Captain, for the Ser* jeants. Drummer*, and contingent Expencei of the said Company; Ca; tain pay for each Mia 1 d. per Month out of the contingent Money;, winch thry be.

Company, me.

County

4

208 C. 30.

Anno (exto Georgii III.

County of Dr.

To Cash received of Mr."

Regimental or Battalion Clerk, or Re-cciver General, rtJ/A<?Ctf/* shall be, for two Months Bay in Advance

A.D. 1766.

Per Coiitr* Cr.

Paid Serjeant for Days ray from the of to the of

following — ' — J Ditto as Serjeant Major (if One in the Company) Paid Serjeant for

Days ray from the of to the of

following —

Paid Drummer 1 Days at six Pence, from the of to the

of following -

Ditto as Drum Major fif i One in the Company) Paid Drummer Days from the of j to the of following 3 Two Months Comingcn-"] cies for Men and

Two Drummers, at fix f Pence per Month each J

md pay back the And shall pay back to the said Clerk, or to the Receiver General, as the Case shall be, the Surplus (if any) Surplus Monies of the Money by him from time to time received, and then remaining in his Hands (except the Money by in his Hands, this Act1 allowed for contingent Expences) which shall once in every Year be accounted for by the Captain except the con- eacjj Company respectively, in Manner aforesaid, and the Balance thereof shall be by him paid into the cesf which^s*to Hands of the Clerk of the Regiment or Battalion to which such Company shall belong, to be applied to the be accounted for, general Use of the said Regiment or Battalion, as the Field Officers and Captains thereof, or the greater nd applied to part of them, shall direct; and the Captain of each Independant Company is hereby required to distribute tfCh8e2c,al Use to eac^ Person belonging to his Company intitled thereto, such Money as he shall receive by virtue of this o tfic Regiment, an(j the Money allowed for the contingent Expences of each Independant Company of Mili-Captains of in- tia, shall be respectively applied to the particular Use of such Independant Company, by the Captain

dependant Com- thereof.

panics to distri*

bate the Pay to their Men, and apply the Money allowed for contingent Expencei.

Clerk to retain V. And be it enacted, That the said Regimental or Battalion Clerk may and shall retain to his own Money m his use out of the Money so by him received, such further Sums as shall complete the Allowance herein beforfc o*n si." made for his Salary.

When the Ld.

VI. And be it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty's Lieutenant, or any three or more Deputy Lieut*. or Depu- Lieutenants of any County, Riding, or Place, shall have fixed the Days of Exercise for the Militia, he or tie* shall have they shall, as soon as may be, certify the same to the Receiver General of such County, Riding, or Place, fixed the Days of specjfying the Number of Men, and the Number of Days such Men are to be absent from Home on ac-are'oeenify^the count of such Exercise 5 and such Receiver General is hereby require-!, within fourteen Days after the Refame to the Re- ceipt of such Certificate, to issue and pay to the Clerk of the several Regiments or Battalions, at the Rate ceiver General, of seven Shillings and six Pence per Day for the Captain of each Company, and at the Rate of three Shil-specifying the lings and six Pence per Day for each Lieutenant, and of three Shillings per Day for each Ensign; and also N"nj?ero^cn» at the Rate of one Shilling per Day for each Private Militia Man, with the Addition of six Pence per Day shall bVabfent for cac^ Corporal of the Militia, so to be called out to Exercise, for the Number of Days such Officers and from Home. Men shall be absent from Home on account of such Exercise; and in such Counties where there shall be Re<%hrrr General Independant Companies only, the Receiver General of each such respective County shall issue and pay to to iflbe there- the Captains of the Independant Companies, at the Rate of seven Shillings and six Pence per Day for each OiSc ir/and M Captain, three Shillings and six Pence per Day for each Lieutenant, and three Shillings per Day for each 7 The Ensign 5 and also at the Rate of one Shilling per Day for each Private Militia Man, with the Addition of tal Clerk, arc. six Pence per Day for each Corporal of the Militia, so to be called out to Exercise, for the Number of Where there Days such Officers and Men shall be absent from Home on account of such Exercise; and the said Regi-J"11 £fl»dcPfn- mental or Battalion Clerks are hereby required forthwith to pay the Proportion of Pay belonging to each the Re-" Captain of the said Regiments or Battalions, the Proportion of Pay belonging to each Captain, and like wife eeiTer General i« the pay belonging to their respective Companies.

to issue pay to the Captalpt, according to the Rate here let down. Clerk to pay over the Money to the respecthre Captain*.

5

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 30. 209

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Captain of each Company shall make up an Account of all Capttins to Monies received and paid by him on account of such Exercise, according to the following Form; ke ,jp 'b8!P.

1 9 Account acci rd»

County of Dr.

To Cash received of the Regimental or Battalion Clerk, or Receiver General, as the

Case Jhrdl be, for Days Pay of Men }

Per Contra

Cr.

Paid

Militia Men 7 Days j

Paid additional Pay to Corporals Days

ing ro ti t lol* lowii^ J orai j

Which Account shall be signed by the said Captain, and countersigned by the Commanding Officer; and 10 *>y

such Captain shall, within ten Days after the Time of such Exercise, deliver such Account, and pay the t'T-

Balance, if there be any due, to the Regimental or Battalion Clerk; or, if Captain of an Independant co^mLidin# ° Company, to the Receiver General: And such Accounts shall be allowed as sufficient Vouchers in the officer, passing of the Accounts of such Receiver General, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer. and dii.verei*,

vw ith the Kji-

Unce, to the Clerk, or Receiver General. Accounts allowed sufficient Vouchers.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Com- During the Time

pany of Militia, is or shall be embodied, and called out into actual Service, and thereby the Officers and embodTed^anii Private Militia Men are or shall be intitled to the same Pay as the Officers and Private Men in his Ma- called'out into jesty’s other Regiments of Foot receive, all Pay from the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax actual Servie*. for the County, Riding, or Place, to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company of Militia reocive pay shall belong, whether to the Adjutants, Serjeants, Private Militia Men, or others; and all Money allowed 11

as aforesaid for the contingent Expences of such Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company of Mili- payC an^AiW-tia; and also the Allowance to the Clerk of such Regiment or Battalion; shall, during such Time of actual ances from the Service, and until such Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company, shall be disembodied, and return Re;civm G.*ne. Home by Order of their Commanding Officers, cease and not be paid. ral is toc^fc.

IX. And be it enacted, That the said Receiver or Receivers of the Land Tax shall pay to the Clerk of Receivers Gene-the General Meetings his Allowance, at the Rate of five Pounds five Shillings for each Meeting, upon his m to pay the

£roducing an Order or Orders for that Purpose from his Majesty's Lieutenant, or from three Deputy £1,0*an£c?l® ieutenants assembled at some General Meeting or Meetings 5 and shall also pay to each and every of the Clerks of the Subdtvision Meetings their several Allowances, at the Rate of oi>e Pound one Shilling for ings, and totKe each Meeting, upon his or their producing an Order or Orders from one or more Deputy Lieutenant or cier’k* of the Deputy Lieutenants, assembled in the several Subdivision Meetings; which said Order or Orders shall be to Sutdivision the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, a sufficient Discharge for the Payment of such Meflnv*» ‘*P011 Allowances, and be allowed in his or their Account.

' tenant or Deputy Lieutenants. Orders to discharge Receivers General.

X. Provided always and be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia, shall give Security to the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax of the County, Riding, or Place, to which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong, by a Bond to his Majesty in the Penalty of one Half of the Sum required for the whole Year’s Charge of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia to which such Clerk shall belong, for duly answering and paying such Sums as he shall, from time to time, have received, and for duly accounting for the same, and for Performance of the Trust hereby in him reposed; which said Bond shall be lodged in the Hands of the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for the respective County, Riding, or Place, who, in case the said Regimental or Battalion Clerk shall not duly perform the Conditions comprized in the said Pond, shall, and is hereby required forthwith to put the said Bond in Suit in the Name of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; the Full Costs and Charges of which Suit, in case Judgement shall be given against such Regimental or Battalion Clerk, shall be paid by him to the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, who shall likewise be intitled t'v, and receive to his or their own Use, at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum out of all such Monies as shall be by him or the n recovered thereon; and shall account for the Kefidue thereof with the proper Auditor of his Majesty's Revenue; the said Receiver or Receiver? General of the Land Tax charging himself or themselves therewith, upon the next Account of the Land Tax to be by him or them parted.

Money recovered j the Residue to b- a cc ntcJ fci 1

Repiren'a! ?rd Raralio* Clrrks to givr Security f >r paying and accounting for the Momts »e-ceived by thr01 $ the Pool's to I i lodged with 11 c Receiver, Ct r c-ral, an 1 y.: n Si.ii V, ihrrv. on Non rr'orrn-. r.c- of the C on. ut i-*n; and t! tf aro im 1 ;t]*Nj fhc.t 1 pon to Full Cot. anti ar d 5 I. P r Cert o. i-e

XI. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of every Regiment or Battalion of Militia, and the Captain of Th-Rrrhr-r/.I every InJrpendant Company of Militia, in every County, Riding, and piacc, within that Part of Great.no n Britain r. ford a id, shall, between the twenty-fifth Day of March and the twenty-fourth Day of June, one L:rrkf»rr 1 c:F' thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, deliver to the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for the ti, ns’/!"dcrn-County, Riding, or Place, to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company llir.l! bclcrg, a Siv-r in’ fair Account in Writing, of all Monies by him received and disturfed for the Service of the preceding Year, AcronnisoMe r in pursuance of this Act, with proper Vouchers for the same; and shall pay bac k to the said Receiver 01 R-rcVs ard Receivers G?ncralof the Tax, any Surplus of such Monies that until then be in his Hands \ which D.fcjruu.ei:-*, y ol. X. E e laid

210 C. 30. Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766

pay over the said Accounts signed by such Regimental or Battalion Clerk, or by such Captain of an Independant Com* Balance to the p.ny respectively, shall be transmitted by the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, into the 0iHce of the Pr°Per Auditor of his Majesty's Revenue.

to transmit the Accounts into the Auditor's Office.

Recovery of Pe-

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Penalties^ all Costs and Charges of Suit, and all nalues, See. Sums of Money, for which any Person or Persons is or are by this Act made answerable, may, and shall be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Wager at Law, or Protection, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed,

K° Fee payable

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no fed or Gratuity whatsoever, shall be given or paid or SumofMo- for or upon account of any Warrant or Sum of Money which shall be issued in relation to, or in pursuance

iv-*y ilitied In pur- of, this Act. fuance of this Act.

Officerson.H*]f- Xiy. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Person being on Half-pay, and serving in the pay serving in Militia, shall and may, and he is hereby impowered to receive and take the Subsistence-money by this Act te^iw, the Suby directed to to Captains, Lieutenants, or Ensigns 5 and the receiving and taking such Subsistence-

fi^enVe-money money by any such Captain, Lieutenant, or Ensign, shall not be deemed a Receiving or Taking Pay, so as pa»*ble to Lieu- in any Manner to prevent such Person on Half-pay receiving his Half-pay; and such Person shall take the tenants or En- following Oath before some Justice of the Peace, who is hereby impowered to administer the same

signs the]! talc- ,

ing the following Oath before a Justice.

The Oath. 4 T A.B. do swear. That I had not, between the any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil

4 A or Military, under his Majesty, besides my Allowance of Half-pay as a reduced in

late Regiment of # save and except my Subsistence as a Lieutenant or Enfiga, as

the Case may be, for serving in the Militia of the County of

And the taking the said Oath shall be sufficient to intitle such Person to receive his Half-pay, without tab* ing any other Oath; any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. within 30 Days

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commanding Officers of every after eiereif.ng Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company of Militia, which shall be raised and trained pursuant to tcc Return it ^aws now *n Force* shall, and they are hereby respectively required, from time to time, within thirty toCbe#made by Days after the exercising of every such Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company, shall befinished, the Commanding pursuant to the Directions of the Laws now in being in that Respect, transmit to one of his Majesty's Officer, to one of Principal Secretaries of State a compleat Return, signed by every such commanding Officer, of the several the Secretariea Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, who were actually inrolled, and did serve, in officer* and Men cvcry such Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company, at the Time the same were so exercised enrolled, and as aforesaid, in Manner and Form following: serving at the Time of such Exercise,

Return of a Regiment of Militia at Annual Exercise.

Commissioned Officers Staff Officers Non Commissioned Officers Private

Present Absent Wanting to 7 compleat \ 1 Colonel 1 Lieutenant Colonel Major Captains Captain Lieutenant Lieutenants CO C U vs c 7 Adjutant Serjeants Corporals Drummers S

XVI. Ani

A.D. 1766. Anno fejrto Georgii III. c. 30. 21 r

XVI. And whereas it sometimes happens, that Persons engaged to fcrv£ in the Militia, for a certain 1 Time, do enlist in his Majesty's Regular forces, whereby the Regiment, into which they enlist them- selves, is defrauded of the enlisting Money, and other Inconveniencies ensue to prevent the same more^?!itIa Man e*-effectually for the future, be it therefore enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June* one !££Kins'?* thousand feveri hundred and sixty-six, any Militia Man enlisting himself into any of his Majesty's other other Fora, Forces shall, over and above any Penalty or Punishment to which such Militia Man is now liable, better completing deemed to be legally enlisted j and shall, from the Day in which his Engagement to serve in the Militia hU TimeofSer-(ball end, belong, as a Soldier, to such Corps of his Majesty's other Forces into which he shall have en-v.,cc.mth! Mili* lifted during the Time that he was engaged to serve in the said Militia; and shall, till regularly discharged,^V0idj^i'^he5 be liable to all the Duties of a Soldier, and to all the Pains and Penalties inflict^d by the Act for punishing Corps intowbkb. Mutiny and Desertion, and the better Payment of the Army and its Quarters. he enlisted.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receiver General of the Land Receiver Gene-Tax, so soon as he shall receive a Warrant under the Hand of the Colonel or Commanding Officer of their ral rccc:v* respective Regiments or Battalions, certifying the Receipt of the Cloathing, and an Order from the said "J* lhc Com-Colonel or Commanding Officer for the Money due on account of the same, payable to the Person or Per- mandingOffiar, Tons who furnished the said Cloathing, shall pay the Sum mentioned in such Order to the Person intitled to certifying the receive the same; and such Warrant and Order* together with the Receipt of the Person receiving the said *ccciPfof th% Money, shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Receiver General.

Payment, is to pay the same accordingly.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Regiment, Battalion, If any Regiment,

Or Independant Company, Qull cease and determine, during the Continuance of this Act, the Sum of three &c. flulu-afe. Shillings per Diem shall be paid to such Person as has actually served as Adjutant to such Regiment, Bat- 3 * P*r .®,cn,»14 ttlion, or Independant Compaay, from the Time such Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company m c

Audi cease, to the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven. fuctl rime to

XIX. And whereas by an Act made in the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled,r<^iof*7 4 An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being relating to Chutes in Act f the Raiding and draining the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain called England, it is enacted, 7 nat Gc0* 3-c- * € in all Counties and Places where the Militia shall not have been raised in pursuance of the former Acts relating thereto, and where it should not be raised in pursuance of the said Act, the Sum of five Pounds should dc annually paid, in lieu of every Private Man to be raised within the same; and his Majesty's

Lieutenant of every such County, Riding, or Place, or three or more Deputy Lieutenants, at the Expira-

tion of every Year in which such Militia should not have been raised, from and after passing the said Act,

should, from Year to Year, certify the same in Writing under his or their Hands, and also the whole " Amount of the several Sums of five Pounds per Man, to be raised on such County, to the Justices at f their General Quarter Sessions next held after the End of the said Year and that the said Justices should

thereupon forthwith rate and afiefs on such County, Riding, or Place, the Sums mentioned in such Certificate; the same to be assessed, collected, levied, paid, and accounted for, in the same Manner, in all Respecta, as the County Rates are, by an Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to be rated, afleited, collected, levied, paid,

and accounted for; and that the said Rates should be paid by the Treasurer of such County to the Rc-

reiver General thereof, whose Receipt should be a sufficient Discharge for such Payment: And whereas Act Gee. j,

by another Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty^ intituled, An Act to explain c. 17.

and amend an Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain,

amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being relating to the Raising and Training the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain called England; it is enacted, That where the Militia had not been raised, or should not be raised, for any County or Rjding within which any City,

or Town, or Place, shall not be rated to the County Rate, the said Payment of five Pounds per Man

upon the whole Number of Private Men, to be directed to be raised within any County or Riding,

should be apportioned between such County, City, Town, or Place, in the Proportion their respective

Quotas paid to the Land Tax bear to each other: And that the Sums so apportioned should be paid out of the Poors Rate collected within such City, Town, or Place, in Manner prescribed by the said Acts of the second Year of his said Majesty's Reign, by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, to the Treasurer of the County, who is to pay over the same to the Receiver General thereof, together with the Proportion of the said Sum of five Pounds per Man, to be paid by such County, Riding, or Place:

And whereas by another Act made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to ex*and Act

plain, amend, and enforce, the several Laws now in being relating to the Raising and Training the Militia within V c. 1^.

that Part of Great Britain called England, it is enacted, That the Lieutenants of every County, Riding,

or Phcf, wherein the Militia should not have been raised, or should not continue to be raised, in purlu- ance of the several Acts for raising and training the Militia, should certify under their Hands yearly, to the Justices at their General Quarter Sessions to be held next after the second Turfday in May in each Year, that the Militia had not been raised for such County or Place the preceding Year and the whole Amount of the several Sums of five Pounds per Man, to be raised on such County or Place; and in that

Case, of the Absence of his Majesty's Lieutenant in Parts beyond the Seas, three or more Deputy Lieu- tenants should be appointed to certify as aforesaid; and if there should be no Lieutenant, then three or more Deputy Lieutenants, to be appointed by his Majesty's Sign Manual, should be authorised to pro- ceed in ihe Execution of the said Acts; and in case his Majesty's Lieutenant should be beyond the Sea-,

fame yearly to the Clerks of the Peace, with such other Particulars as are

2i2 C. 30. Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 176

and no Deputy Lieutenant^ should be appointed to certify as aforesaid, then the Clerk of the Peace for each County, Riding, or Place, should make such Certificate as aforesaid *, and the said Act contains several Directions for enforcing the Payment of the said five Pounds per Man, by such Counties or Places where the Militia have not been raised or shall not continue to be raised, in pursuance of the said Acts: And whereas the said several Acts have been found defective and ineffectual, and notwithstanding the Dire&ion therein, several of the Counties, within that Part of Great Britain called E'^land, have neither raised any Militia, nor paid the said five Pounds per Man, per Annum, according to the Directions of the said several Acts, whereby they avoid contributing equally to the Suppor t of Government with such Counties as have raised and trained the Militia in Compliance with the Directions of the said Acts: And whereas it is jult and reasonable that all his Majesty's Subjects should contribute equally to the Support of his Majesty's Government, and the Defence of these Kingdoms be it therefore enacted by the Authority afore-

0 much c.rthe said, That so much of the said several in Part recited Acts as directs the said Certificates to be made by his Majesty's Lieutenants, or Deputy Lieutenants, or Clerks of the Peace, where the Militia hath not c^tcs to be made been r:,'Rd in pursuance of the said Acts, and the Time of making such Certificate, shall be, and the same by the Uieuie- is hereby declared to be, repealed.

n 'nrs, Drputy

Lieuts. or Clerks of the Peace, where the Militia hath not been raised, Scc. is repealed.

Where the Mill-

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That his Majesty's Lieutenant, or three ihaaVATife/1^ Deputy Lieutenants, for every County, Riding, or Place, within that Part of Great Britain called Englandr - the Lieuts. or* where the Militia has been or shall have been raised, (hai, yearly and every Year, on or befoFe ther Dep.Lieuts.arc twenty-fifth Day of December, certify to the Clerk of the Peace of every County, Riding* or Place to certify the respecti vely, that the Militia of such County, Riding, or Place, hath been raised; and when, and at what Time the same was first raised; the Number and Rank of Officers, and the Number of Private Meft of the Militia, in the Year when such Certificate is made; and the respective Times of such Militia being trained and exercised in the Year in which such Certificate is made; which Certificate shall be by the Clerk of the Peace, who shall receive the same, delivered to the Justices of the Peace at their General hrrementioned; Quarter Sessions to be held next after the twenty-fifth Day of December in- every Year, on the Day a^cVo deTve!* on which such Sessions shall be opened; and shall file the same amongst the Records of such Sessions* the same to*he f^at true State of the Militia in each County may appear.

Justices at their General Quarter Sessions, and file them among the Records of such Sessioni:

And where no

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every County, Riding, or Place, Whereiit IvCi! calCj no fl, ch Certificate from his Majesty's Lieutenant, or three Deputy Lieutenants, shall be delivered to from the ViTut. t‘ie Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, that the Clerk of the Peace of every such County, Riding, or Place, or Up. Lieu s. shall, and is hereby required, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held next after the the ckrks of the twenty-fifth Day of December in such Year, to certify under his Hand and Seal, to the Justices of thp Pcjcc aretocer- Pence so assembled at their said General Quarter Sessions, on the Day such Sessions shall be opened, that 1 he hid Seftiofw hath not received from his Majesty's Lieutenant of the said County, Riding, or Place", or any three a. d file such°n* Deputy Lieutenants thereof, any such Certificate as is herein before directed to be by them made; and such' Certificates; Clerk of the Peace is hereby directed to file such Certificate amongst the Records of such Sessionsw

XXII. And it is hereby enacted, That in every County, Riding, and Place, in which no such Certificate shall be made by his Majesty's Lieutenant, or three Deputy Lieutenants, in Manner herein before and the Justices directed, and the same shall be certified by the Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, the Justices of the Peace LfbcriCUp0nl° 0^ everV such County, Riding, or Place, shall, and they are hereby required, at their said General Quarter Man uron such SeOion of the Peace to be held next after the twenty-fifth Day of December in every Year, to rate and Coun»y or*pi-.ee, ^ffefs the Sum of five Pounds per Man upon such County, Riding, or Place, in such and the same Manner, according to such and the same Proportions upon evety Town, Parish, and Place, within each to lx* levin a^d respectn e County, Riding, or Place, to be colle£teJ, levied, received, and accounted for, in such Manner, accoutred i'oi 2nd by such Means, as the County Rates have been usually, or may, by an Act made in the twelfth the Cum.tv Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more easy collecting, and levyin;, the County Rates ;* or by the AiSts of the second, fourth, *nd fifth Jr ac\s a, 4, Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for explaining, amending, and enforcing, the several Laws relating 5 Geo. 3. ’ to the Railing and Training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England; be assessed,

thsfaijcollected, levied, received, and accounted for; which said Payment of five Pounds fer Man shall be, and »o be in full I).f- is hereby declared to be, in full Discharge for the Neglect and Failure of not having raised and trained terNe- the Militia for such County, Riding, or Place, for the Year then next preceding; and the Treasurer or Treasurers of the County, Riding, or Place, who shall receive the said five Pounds Man, is and are iJj iheM l.tii. hereby required to pay the same to the Receiver General of the Land Tax for such County, Riding, or n reafnier of the Place, within one Calendar Month after he or they shall have received the same; and the respective Count/1> pjy Receivers General of the Land Tax shall give a Receipt for the same to the Person paying such Money, whole Rereipt shall he a sufficient Discharge for such Payment; and shall, within ten Days after the Receipt of such Sum and Sums of Money, certify such Receipt to the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the time being, and shall pay the Tame into the Receipt r«c ipt thereof of his Majesty's Exchequer, and in the same Manner as he is required to pay in the Taxes or Duties, to the Treasury, commonly called The Land Tax

1 ^3v over the aej iuo die Ejuhcqjisr.

the PI >n *y to t R< ccivtr C'ii cmI; who to cert ;fy th*:

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 30. 213

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Fee or Gra- F*eT0 tuity whitftcver shall be given or paid for or upon account of any Warrant which, shall be made ou: 87jVVheKc-^ for any Sum of Money which (haM he received by such Receiver General, or paid into his Majesty's Lx c-IveMienrrJ* chequer, or issued thereout, in relation to, or in pursuance of, this Acth or into thciu*

chccji tr, or iPu d thucouc.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Clerks of the Peace of each reflective County, Riding, or Place, shall, and they are hereby required, within fourteen D.tys next after the General Quartei Sessions of the Peace to be held after the twenty-fifth Day of December yearly, to transmic to the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, for the time being, and also to the Receiver General of the Land Tax for such Counry, Riding, or Place, a Copy, signol by such Clerk of the Peace, of every Certificate which shall have been delivered in pur fiance of this Act; and in case no such Certificate shall have been delivered in, then such Clerks of the Peace shall certify to the Lord High Treasurer, or to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, and also to such Receiver General, that no such Certificate from his Majesty's Lieutenant, or any three Deputy Lieutenants hath been received by him, and that he hath certified the same to the Justices of such General Quarter Sessions; and shall also certify what Proceedings have been had at such General Quarter Sefli >ns, in relation to the afieffing and rating the said Sum of five Pounds per Man where the Militia shall not have been raised.

of the Sessions, in relation to affcTing

Clc-ks of the Pc uc are to-trailhm t>tS< TriMlutv, and Re*cv 1. (jene-rjJ, C pc* of the CertJlicjtfS d< iivcrcii in pur-luanvC of tm» Actj and-vi!icro none such aic <1. iivcre I, jtz to cvr ify the same a. cord my Jy; together with the Proceeding* tkc Pcoalty.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Clerk of the Peace shall clerk of thr ttfufe or neglect to receive, deliver, file, make, record, or transmit, such Certificates as aforesaid, or any ivac* ne /eft-of them, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; every such Clerk of the Peace so ofteiv.lmz ino his D iv in (boll, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to any Person who (h ill ‘^ l rc n,llcV inform or sue for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster^ or the Courts of orluls $'jOU Great Sessions in the Principality of Wales^ or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster,

and Durham \ wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and shall also forfeit his Office, and shall be rendered incapable of having, receiving, or hold- and 0"Hc*,

iri^, such Office for the future, or any other Place or Office of Trust, Civil or Military, under the *nd isd rjbled*

Government.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That m case there shall be any Failure of where there raffing or paying the several Sums of Money charged by this or the said former Acts upon any Counry,

Riding, or Place, where the Militia shall not have been raised; the Receiver General of such County, imPs

Riding, or Place, respectively, shall, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June in every Year, cert ify chargeable for nor under his Hand to the Barons of the Court of Exchequer each particular County, Riding, Division, or rainng the M»!i-Place, where such Failure of Payment hath happened; whereupon the said Court of Exchequer shall ,hc Rcteiver forthwith award the proper Process to issue ag.iinft che Treasurer or Treasurers of such County, Riding, 0<rn^,^®frc Division, or Place, where such Failure shall have happened, in the same Manner as any Person or Persons ^o'tnc Ccurt if or are liable to Process for Failure of Payment of the Rates and Duties commonly called The Land of Etchenusr 5 Tjjt, for paying the said Sum of five Pounds ter Man; which said Sum evety such Treasurer and Trea- ani i‘r.> s i, to furers is and are hereby directed and required to pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, outthcrejron of the County Stock then in his, her, or their Hands; and if he or they shall not then have sufficient for that Purpose, out of the first Mon'y which shall come to his or their Hands of the said County Stock; counry-tod the Auditor of his Majesty's Exchequer, into whose Office such Sum or Sums shall be paid, pursuant to pay l/chSurrs to the Directions of this Ac}, shall, and is hereby required to give to such Treasurer or Treasurers, or into the Frche-Other Person or Persons paying the same on his or their Behalf, a Receipt for the same signed by such Tu'r» fu*°* ':‘e Auditor; which Receipt so signed shall be, and is hereby enacted to be, a sufficient Discharge to such Audi, or

County, Riding, Division, or Place, for such Sum or Sums of Money so paid into the Receipt of Ins 1 . Majesty's Exchequer. pt for the

fjme.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Solicitor to the Lord High Treasurer, or to the Com- So! L-itortothe missioners of his Majesty's Trea fury for the time heine, shall, and he is hereby directed and required, reaf"rX19 with all due Diligence, to prosecute with Effcdl such Treasurer or Treasurers as shall make Default in t^i rr^i ucri Payment as aforesaid. # making i).fault,

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace for j 1 ilicci aMhcir such County, Riding, or Division, at their next General Quarter Sessions to be hoi Jen after any such general Quarter Payment made by any Treasurer or Treasurers as aforesaid, shal), and they are hereby required, to a til* Is, Vim f jf-

and cause to be levied, a sufficient Sum of Money to reimburse such Treasurer or Treasurers all fueil f,.V*,:0r"ciin-Sum or Sums of Money as he or they shall have paid on such Account; to be assisted, collected, and biriing the levied, in the same Manner as other County Rates are directed to be aftclTcd, collected and levied. T*enurer*

XXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the Justices of the Peace for such County, 1 h- Aiiwfaent* Rid.ng, or Division, at their said General Quarter Sessions, shall, and are hereby impoweted, to alieis be rraJc« and levy, on every City, Town, and Place, which is not contributary to, or doth not pay to, the County c;’r l,nZ to Rates of such County, Riding, or Division respectively, such Proportion of the Money so paid by such oGco'i! Treasurer or Treasurers in Manner herein directed, according to the Provisions and Idirections of an Acte/,7# *3* *iade in the fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for explaining and enforcing the several Laws

now

14

Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 176

The Money piW into the Exchequer, to be kept separate and apart from all other Monie*; and to be applied at it directed by Act % Geo. 3. c. so.

C. 31.

now in being relating to the-IUifing end Training the Militia for and in that Part of Great Britain called England.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be raised and paid into his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, in pursuance of and by virtue of this Act, and in Manner herein before dtreded, shall be kept Separate and apart from all other Monies; and shall be paid, applied, and disposed of, in such Manner as is directed in and by an Act of the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for explaining, amending, and reducing into one Act Q^Parliament, the several Laws then in being, relating to the Kaifing and Trai

Britain called Eflglopd*

training, the Militia within th?t Part of Great

fiat 30 Car a.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for taking down and removing certain Light-houses now Handing near t|ie Sppn Point, at the Mouth of the Humber} and for erecting other fit and convenient Light-housei instead thereof.

Preamble, reciting Letters Patent of 28 Car. 2.

WHEREAS his late Majesty King Charles the Second, by Jus Letters Patent, bearing Date at Westminster the twenty-fifth Day of October, in the twenty-eighth Year of his Reign, reciting the rein, that nis said Majesty had been informed, by the Petition of several Persons therein namea, that they, and other Matters of Ships using the Northern Coasts, had had great Lottes at Sea, near the Mouth of the Humber, upon a very broad lone Sand, thrown up and discovered about fix pr seven Months then since, by reason whereof they failed in great Danger in the Night; and considering that Lights erected upon the Spurn Pointy at the Mouth of the Humber, would for die future prevent such Danger, they applied to JustiwAn Angell of London, Merchant, he being Proprietor of a Piece of Ground fit for such Purpose; and proposed, that if he would ere A two Lights upon the said Ground, they would contribute to pay him, towards the Charges and Maintenance thereof, one Farthing a Ton; and reciting, that the said Justinian Angell had accordingly erected two Lights, which the said Petition* ers found to be of great Buiefit, and an absolute Safety to all Navigators on that Coast, there being no Ground upon all the Coast that any Light could be erected upon to do any Service to the Navigators, tending to the aforesaid Sands and Harbour, but the aforesaid Place; therefore they prayed ‘ his said Majesty to grant to the said Justinian Angell full Power to kindle and maintain the said Lighto; and the Matter, Wardens, Assistams, and Elder Brethren, of the Trinity House of Newcastle, having examined, and certified to his said Majesty, the Necessity of the said Lights, and that the same would be of great Benefit to Navigation, his said Majesty, for promoting and continuing so good a Work, and for the Safety of his Subjects, was pleased to grant to the said Justinian Angell, his Heirs and Assigns, full and free Liberty and Authority to continue, renew, and maintain, the said Light-houses with Lights, to be continually burning therein in the Night Season, whereby the said Ships might the better come to their Ports without Peril 5 and for defraying the necessary Charges and conttant Maintenance of the said Light-houses, his said Majesty was pleased to declare and grant, that for ever thereafter there might be collected and taken, and that the said Justinian Angell, his Heirs and Assigns, might collect, have, and take, for every Ship or Vessel patting by the said Light-house, and belonging or trading to the Ports of Newcastle or Sunderland, or any of the Creeks or Members thereof, one Farthing the Ton, according to the Burthen of such Ships or Vessels; to hold the said Liberties, Powers, and Authorities, Contributions, Duties, and Sums of Money, to the said Justinian Angell, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Matters of the Trinity House at Deptford Strond in Kent, or any other Person or Persons, any the like Licences, Powers, and Authorities, then had, held, or enjoyed, or might have, hold, or enjoy, in any other Place or Places, subject to the yearly Rent of five Pounds, in Manner in the said Letters Patent mentioned; and his Majesty was also pleased thereby to grant divers other Powers and Authorities relative to the collecting and receiving the said Duties; W in the said Letter* Patent it is provided that if at any Time thereafter it should be made appear to his said Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, that such Grant was prejudicial or inconvenient, or not of publick Use or Benefit, then, upon Signification or Declaration to be made by his said Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, under his or their Signet or Privy Seal, of such Prejudice or Inconvenience, the said Letters Patent were to be void and determine: And whereas by certain other Letters Patent, bearing Date at Westminster the fourteenth Day of June, in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, reciting (among other Things) that the said Justinian Angell having complained to the Petitioners, in the said Letters Patent named, that the said Receipt of one Farthing a Ton would not maintain the said Light-houses, they had considered the Charge of maintaining the said Light-house, and of the other Light by hipi since erected and added, and that the said Petitioners had requested his said Majesty to grant a further Duty for the Maintenance of the said Lights; his said Majesty, for the necessary Charges and conftarit Maintenance of the said Light-houses, was pleased to declare and grant, that, for ever thereafter, there might be collected and taken, and that the said Justinian Angell, his Heirs and Assigns, might, from thenceforth, have, collect, and take, for every Ship or Vessel patting by or crotting the said Light-houses, whe ther outward or homeward bound, and belonging and trading to any of the Ports and Creeks aforesaid, or any ways Northward, the further and additional Sum of one Farthing a Ton, more than he ought to receive by virtue of the said first-mentioned Letters Patent, for all English Ships or Vessels; and also one Penny per Ton for all Foreign Bottoms; to hold the same to the said Justinian Angell, his

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 31. 21$

Heirs and Assigns for ever, at the yearly Rent of five Pounds, payable as in the said Letters Patent is mentioned, and subject to a like Proviso as is contained in the said first-mentioned Letters Patent: And whereas Edward Thompson, late of the City of York, Esquire, (since deceased) being Owner and Proprietor of onc-fourth Part of the Land whereon the said Light houses were erected, and of other Land there,

containing about ten Acres j and likewise of one*founh Part of the said Light-houses, and of all Due?, Duties, Sum and Sums of Money, Benefits, Advantages, and Profits, whatsoever, to be hnd,

gotten, or received, for and in respect of the said Lights, or either of them, which had defeended to nim from his Ancestors, by whom the same was formerly purchased j did, by his last Will and Testa- ment, duly executed, bearing Dare the twenty-third Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, after charging his Real Estate with the Payment of all his just Debts and Funeral Expences (in case his Personal Estate was not sufficienc to pay the same) and after giving several very confi- dcrable Annuities, payable out of his Real Estates, and several Legacies, give and devise to Thomas Bui field and Leuyns Boldero Esquire, and their Heirs, all and Angular his Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands,

Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premisses, whatsoever and wheresoever, to hold to them, their Heirs and Assigns, to the Use of his Nephew Leonard Thompson of Sheriff Hutton in the said County of York,

Esquire, and his Assigns, during his Life, without Impeachment of Waste, with Remainder to the said

Trustees and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Leonard Thompson, to preservfc contingent Remain ders; with Remainder, after the Death the said Leonard Thompson, to Solomon Fell Gentleman, for one thousand Years, oh certain Trusts in the said Will mentioned 5 with Remainder to the first and

other Sons of the said Leonard Thompson, in Tail Male, with divers Remainders over: And whereas, notwithstanding at the Time of erecting the said Light-houses, the Ground on which they were built was very near the Spurn Pointy and was then the most proper Situation for answering the good Purposes for Which the same were erected; yet, by the flowing and ebbing of the Sea frnce the Time of their Erec-

tion. Part of the Ground at or near the Spurn Point has been warshed away, and other Ground hath

been left and thrown up, so that the Light-houses now stand at a considerable Distance from the Point of the Spurn, by reason whereof the Matters of Vessels are deceived, and many very great Losses have lately happened to Ships and Vessels employed in the Northern Navigation, to the great Detriment € of several Branches of Trade in this Kingdom: And whereas it is absolutely necessary for the Safety of

# the Northern Navigation, that two New Light-houses should be erected in a proper Place nearer to the Spurn Point than the Place where the present Light-houses stand: And whereas John Angell, now of

# otockwell., in the County of Surrey, Esquire, as Owner of three-fourth Parts of the said Light-houses,

Revenues, Duties, and Profits, having had frequent Applications made to him, or his Agents, by the Corporations of the Trinity Houses at Deptford Strond, and Kingston upon Hull, commonly called Hull, and % also by the said Leonard Thompson \ and all possible Means having been used to prevail on him to change the Situation thereof, in such a Manner as that they may answer the good Ends and Purposes for which they were originally designed, hath, from time to time, wholly neglected or refused so to do,

or to contribute his Proportion of the Expence of taking down and removing the said present Light- houses, and of erecting and building others in the stead thereof as aforesaid whereby, and by Petitions to his Majesty for that Purpose, and by References thereon, the said Corporations, and also the said LeoUafd Thompson, have been put to connderable Charges and Expences: And whereas the said Leonard € *Thompson is ready and willing to take down and remove the said present Light-houses, and to erect and

build others instead thereof, in such Place or Places near to the present Point of the Spurn, and in such € Manner and Form as shall be thought most proper and convenient by the said Corporation of the Triflity House of Deptford Strond, and under their Inspection and Direction, upon his being enabled to borrow and raise Money for that Purpose, and for repaying to the said Corporations of the Trinity Houses of Deptford Strond and Hull, and him the said Leonard Thompson respectively, their said respective Charges and Expences € incurred concerning the said Light-houses, and also for defraying the 'Charges of solliciting and obtaining this present Act 5 and so that the three-fourth Parts of the said Revenues, Duties, and Profits*

belonging to the said John Angell, may be a redeemable Interest in him, or the Person or Persons intitled

thereto, on his or their paying the whole Amount of the said Expences of the said Corporations of Deptford Strond and Hull, and of him the said Leonard Thompson, and the Interest thereof, and three- fourth Parts of the Expences of obtaining this Act, and removing and rebuilding the said Light-houses,

and the Interest of such three-fourth Parts, to the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend the same, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns; but by reason of the Estate and Interest which the said John Angell hath in the said three-fourth Parts of the said Lands^ Light-houses, Revenues. Duties, and Profits, and by reason that the said Leonard Thompson is only Tenant for Life, with such Remainders over as aforesaid in the said fourth Part of the said Premisses, the Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament :* Therefore, for promoting a Work so conducive to the Safety of his Majesty's Subjects, and to remedy so great a Detriment to Trade and Navigation; may it please your Majesty, at the humble Suit of the said Leonard Thompson, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent^ Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Leonard Thompson, New U|kt-and other the Person or Persons who (hay, for the time being, be intitled to his fourth Part of the Duties hoofet to be and Profits hereby granted or continued, by and under the said recited Will of the said Edward Thompson 5 and *he and he and they are hereby authorised and required, with as much Speed as conveniently may be, after the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-ftx, to erect and build, or cause to be erected and built* two new and sufficierit Light-houses, with fuiuble Offices and Conveniencies, at or near the said

216 C. 31.

Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

L’ght-houses to be under Inspect ii'n of the Trinity Houses rf Deptford Sirond and Hull

Trinity House of Hull to see that they are properly attended.

Duties,

Mrthoi for Securing l^y-nu*nr of the Duties,

and f:»r recover ing the same.

said Spurn Point, and according to such Plan and Estimate, as the Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants, of the faitl Corporation of the said Trinity House of Deptford Strond shall, by Writing under their Common Seal, specify, appoint, and approve of and for that Purpose, to take down the said present Light-houses, and to make use of all or any Part of the Materials thereof, or otherwise to sell and dispose of the same, and to apply the Money arihng therefrom towards building such new Light-houses; and, in the mean time, and until the said new Light-houses shall be compleated, to erect and continue two temporary Lights, as near as may be to the respective Places where the said new Light-houses shall, as aforesaid, be appointed to be built; and also to keep sufficient Lights and Fires burning continually in the Night-season, so as to answer the Purposes intended by this Act for the Benefit of Navigation; and, from time to time, to enlarge, contract, alter, or remove, the said new Light-houses, or either of them, as Occasion, may require, with the Consent and by the Direction of the same Corporation, to be signified as aforesaid; and for any of the Purposes aforesaid, to enter upon and use such Part or Parts of the Land at or near the Spurn Point, (be it the Soil or Ground of the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or of any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate) as the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond shall, from time to time, by Writing under their Common Seal, appoint.

II. And, to the End that those Purposes may be better attained, and that the Management of the fail Light-houses may not be neglected or badly conducted; be it hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the erecting and building the said Light-houses, the same shall, from time to time, and at all Times thereafter, be subject to the Visitation and Inspection of the said Corporations of the Trinity Houses of Deptford Strond and Hull for the time being, or either of them, who may enter into the same, and examine whether they are well and sufficiently repaired and maintained, so as to answer the Purposes aforesaid; and shall and may leave Notice or Warning in Writing with the Keeper or Keepers of the said Light-houses, requiring such Defects or Wants of Reparations, as shall be found therein, to be remedied and amended within forty Days from the Delivery of such Notice or Warning as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Light-houses, to be erected pursuant to this Act, shall be at any Time not kept duly lighted and properly attended; it shall and may be lawful for the Corporation of the Trinity House of Hully to examine into such Neelefts, and effectually to remedy the same; and also to depute and appoint some fit and proper Person or Persons to enter into the said Light-houses, or either of them, with full Power and Authority to remain therein, until such Neglects shall be remedied in such Manner as the said Corporation shall think necessary; and the Owner or Owners of such Light-houses shall, and they are hereby required to pay and satisfy the said Corporation all such Charges and Expences as shall be thereby incurred; and in Default of Payment thereof, within one Month after the same shall be demanded of the said Owner or Owners for the time being, it shall and may be lawful for the Collector or Collectors of the Duties by this Act directed to be received, to pay and satisfy the same to the said Corporation, and is and are hereby declared to be indemnified for so doing; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the erecting and com-; pleating the said new Light-houses, according to the said Plan, and the kindling and placing Lights therein, for the Benefit of Navigation; the said Leonard Thompson and John Angell, according to the proportionate Share, Estate, and Interest, which they now respectively have in the said present Light-houses, an Athe Duties granted by the said recited Letters Patent, and the Persons who shall, for the time being, after their several Deceases, be intitled to the same, and their Agents, Collectors, and Deputies, or othec Person or Persons by them appointed, may (subject nevertheless to such Mortgage and Mortgages as shall be made thereof, by virtue of the Power herein after given) from thenceforth collect, have, and take, of and from the several Persons, who are now or hereafter may be liable to pay the same, the several and respective Duties which have been usually taken and collected by and under the said Patents before recited, and no others.

V. And, to the Intent the said Duties may be truly answered and paid, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Customer, Collector, Comptroller, Surveyor, Searcher, or Waiter, nor any of their respective Clerks, within any of his Majesty's Ports, Havens, Creeks, or Harbours, belonging to the Northern Coasts aforesaid, or elsewhere; nor any Captain, Lieutenant, or other Officer belonging to them, or any of them; nor any Warden, Port Reeve, or Keeper, of any of his Majestys laid Ports, Roads, Harbours, and Havens; nor any Wharfinger, Porter, or Harbourer, belonging to the Water-fide; nor any Officer of the Customers belonging to his Majesty, or to his Heirs and Successors, now being, or which for Time hereafter shall be in the said Ports, Harbours, Roads, Creeks, Havens, and Places; shall any of them at any Time hereafter take or receive any Entry or Coequet, or give, make, or certify any Cocquct, Return, or Victualling Bill, or discharge or permit any Goods or Stores to be hiJ on Land, or disch.vgtd or shipped, out of or from any of the said Ships, or suffer any Ships or other Vessels trading or liable to the Payment aforesaid, to pass by or from them without a Ticket or Note under the Hand Writing of the Person or Persons in whom the said Duties are veiled by this Act respectively, his, her, or their Agents of Deputies, tellifying the Payment of the said several Allowances and Sums hen-by respectively granted.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Collector and Collectors, or any other Person or Persons authorised and deputed by the Person or Persons in v/hom the said Duties are hereby veiled, shall and may, for the better Management* and Collection thereof, have a Place in all Custom-housetr in the Ports and Places where the same ate or shall be collected.

8 ‘ VII. And

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 31. 217

VII.' And whereas it is reasonable that a proper Satisfaction and Recompence should be made to «tnu. :am ConstabU, of Burton ConstabU in the County of York Esquire, or to such other Person or Persons who now it or are, or hereafter shall be, Owner or Owners of the Soil or Ground whereon such new intended Light-houses, suitable Offices or Conveniences, shall or may hereafter be built be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties hereby granted or continued, shall for ever R campence hereafter be charged and chargeable with, and subjc<ft and liable to the Payment of the Sum of one hundred to Owners of Pounds yearly, clear of all axes and Deductions whatsoever, unto the said ffiliiam ConstabU) his Heirs Grooa-l% or Assigns, or other Owner or Owners of such Soil or Ground for the time being, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, by four equal quarterly Payments; such Payments to be made by the Collector or Collectors of the said Duties at King ft on upon Hull for the time being, out of the full Monies that shall come to his or their Hands; the first Payment thereof to be made on the twenty-fifth Day of December) one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six; and in Default of Payment of the said yearly Sum, or any Part thereof, for the Space of twenty Days next after the Days appointed for Payment thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said jyiUiam ConstabU) his Heirs or Assigns, or the Owner or Owners of the Soil or Ground for the time being, or his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns, to recover by Action of Debt in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, from the said Collector or Collectors of the said Duties within the Port of Kingjhn upon Hull aforesaid, so much of the said yearly Sum as shall remain unpaid as aforesaid, together with all Costs and Charges attending the Recovery of the same: But in'case there shall be im Collector of the said Duties at the said Port of King ft on upon Hull, or there shall not be sufficient Money in his or their Hands arising from the said Duties to answer such Purposes; then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said William ConstabU) his Heirs and Assigns, and such other Owner or Owners as aforesaid, from time to time, and his, her, and their Heirs and Assigns, to collect, have, and take, the Duties by this Act authorised to be received by the Proprietors of the said Duties, of such Persons, and in such Manner, as the same are herein before authorised to be collected and taken, until therewith or otherwise all such Arrears, together with the Costs and Charges attending such Collection, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

VIII. And, to the End that the Completion of so necessary a Work may not be obstructed by the said Powen to nife J'bn Angelas periling in his Refusal to co-operate with the said Leonard Thompson therein, and for the Money on Cre« enabling the said Leonard Thompson, or other Person or Persons who shall come into Possession of his Share ind Interest in the said Premisses, to discharge and reimburse to the said Corporations of the Trinity 1 Houses of Deptford Strond and Hull, and to him the said Leonard Thompson rel’pedively, the Expences which they and he have respectively been put to on the Occasions aforesaid, and to discharge the Expences of foliciring and obtaining this present Act; (all the said Expences to be ascertained and allowed by the Commissioners herein after named, or any three or more of them) and to raise Money sufficient for the faking down the said present Light-houses, and erecting and building the said temporary Lights and new Light-houses, according to the Plan and Eftirnate of the said Corporation of the Trinity-house of Deptford Stroud, as herein before directed (and in and determined by which Plan and Estimate the Sum of Money for that Purpose shall be fixed and ascertained under the Common Seal of the same Corporation) be it hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thit it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Leonard Thompson) or other Person or Persons in Pofiession of his said fourth Part, to borrow and raise any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Amount of the aforesaid Expences and Eftirnate ascertained in manner as aforesaid; and for securing the Repayment of the said Sum or Sums of Money so fo be borrowed, with Interest for the same, to grant, mortgage, Icafc, or demise, the Ground, which shall be afficncd in manner aforesaid, for erecting the said Light-house thereon, together with the Light-houses which shall be erected thereon, with their Appurtenances, and the Duties, and Profits, hereby granted, unto such Person or Persons as shall advance and lend the same respectively, for any Term or Number of Years, not exceeding five hundred Years; so as such Grant or Demise be made with a Proviso or Condition to be void, or with an express Covenant to be furreiulered, as to the three-fourth Parts of the CrJ jef-n Angelly upon Payment by him, or other the Person or Persons who for the time being shall be i 'Milled to the same, of the whole Amount of the said Expences of the said Corporations of Deptford S:*ct:d and Hul\ and of him the said Leonard Thompson) and the Interest thereof, and three-fourth Parts of the Expences of obtaining this Act, and removing and rebuilding the said Light-houses and temporary Lights, and the Interest of such three-fourth Parts, within the usual Time for the Redemption of Mort-I; and with a Proviso or Condition to be void, or with an express Covenant to be surrendered, as to r*nc fourth Part of the said Leonard Thompson) on Payment, by the Person or Persons, for the time being,

Entitled thereto (under the Will of the said Edward Thompson) of the remaining fourth Part of the Ex*

;>cncci of obtaining this Act, and removing and rebuilding the said Light-houses, and the Interest of such one-fourth Part; and so as every such Grant or Demise, so to be made, shall contain a Proviso, that the Person or Persons inti tied tojthe Remainder or Reversion of the said Leonard Thompfons one-fourth Part of ih-e said Duties and Profits shall not be liable, upon his, her, or their becoming polIeHcd thereof, to the Payment of any larger Arrear of Interest than for one Year preceding the Time when the Title to such P ,ftc mon shall accrue and commence; and every such Grant, Mortgage, Lease, or Demise, to be made in put fun nee of this Act, and to be registered in the publick Office kept at Bi-verley in and for the East Hiding of the said County of Yotk) shall be good, valid, and cftectual, in the Law, notwithstanding the fwl L'oKard Jhcnpfons being only a Tenant for Life, and notwithstanding any thing in the Will of the Edtvard Thompson) his late Uncle, to the contrary thereof; and notwithstanding any Settlement,

V. ilL or other Instrument, or Conveyance, to the Uses or Trulls whereof the Share of the said J:hn Anrell) in the said Premisses and Duties, may be fubic£l or liable; and the Person or Persons who shall VouX. F f advance

210

Surplot </ Money raised, how to be applied i

In case of Deficiency, more to be raised.

In Default of Proprietor?, the Power of re-b ulding, Arc, #»en to the Corporation of Deptford itrondj

nd the Duties vested in them.

until Repay-ir»c nt of their £ >[> cnees.

Commissioners Names,

Power, and Office s

C. 3 r. Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

advance and lend any Money on the Security aforesaid, shall not be liable to fee to the Application, nor answerable for the Non-application or Misapplication thereof.

IX. Provided always, That the said Leonard Thompson, or other the Person or Persons hereby impowered to remove and rebuild the said Light-houses, shall, within six Months next after the remqving and rebuilding the same, produce and lay before the Commissioners herein after named, or any three or more of them, a true Account of his or their Disbursements for or on account of the same (together with the Vouchers thereof) to be verified by his or their Affidavit or Affidavits; and also a true Account of all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall have been, raised in manner aforesaid, to be in like manner verified; and in case it shall appear that any Surplus shall remain in the Hands of the said Leonard Thompson, or such other Person or Persons, unapplied for the Purposes aforesaid, to be certified under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, such Surplus shall be paid to such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, in Part of the Principal Money due upon their respective Mortgages, unless the Share of the said John Angell, of and in the said mortgaged Premisses, shall have been sooner redeemed; in which Case, three-fourth Parts of such Surplus shall be paid to the said John Apgdly or the Person or Persons then intitled to his Share in the Premilles, and the remaining fourth Part thereof shall be paid in manner before directed; or in case, upon taking the aforesaid Accounts before the said Commissioners, it shall appear that the said Leonard Thompson, or other the Person or Persons hereby impowered to remove and rebuild the said Light-houses, shall have expended more Money in effecting the Purposes aforesaid, than shall have been raised in manner above directed; and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, in manner aforesaid, certify the particular Sum; that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Leonard Thompson, or such other Person or Persons, to raise such further Sum of Money, by the Ways and Means herein before prescribed, on the Credit of the said Premisses.

4 X. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That if the said Leonard Thofnpfon, or other Person or Persons who shall come into the Possession of his Share and Interest in the said Premilles, shall neglect or restrfe to take down and remove the present Light-houses near the Spurn Pointy and to ereCl and build other Light-houses instead thereof, in the Manner herein before directed, or (if required) to give Security to the said Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, for the due Application i of the Money to be borrowed, within two Years after his or their Receipt of the said Flan and Estimate, under the Common Seal of the said Corporation, and their Appointment of the Place whereon the said Light-houses shall be erected; then, and in such Case, the said Matters, Wardens, and Assistants, of the same Corporation, and their Successors, for the time being, shall and may take down and remove the pre-feut Light-houses, and erect and build other fit and proper Light-houses in manner aforesaid, and repair, light, and maintain, the same, so as to answer the Intention of this present Act.; or if, after the said Leonard Thompson, or such other Person or Persons, shall have built and compleated the said new Light-houses, the same shall at any Time thereafter be out of Repair, so as not to answer the Purposes hereby intended, and shall not within the Space of forty Days after giving or leaving such Notice in Writing, as herein before rs mentioned, be repaired pursuant to such Notice; then, and from thenceforth, the said Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, and their Successors, for the time being, shall, and they are hereby required to cause the said Light-houses to be repaired; and from and after the ere&ioft of such new Light-houses, and placing Lights therein by the said Corporation, as also from and after their repairing such Light-houses as shall or may be built by the said Leonard Thompson, or other Person or Persons intitled to his said Share (upon any Default as aforesaid) the said Duties hereby granted or continued, with the Powers and Authorities for demanding, collecting, and recovering the same, shall immediately vest in the same Corporation, and their Successors, who may, from time to time, appoint proper Persons to receive the same Duties, and thereout reimburse themselves all the Expences, Costs, and Charges, which they shall have sustained in or about the removing, erecting, or repairing, the Light-houses which may, as aforesaid, be erected by the said Corporation, or in or about the repairing such Light-houses as shall or may be built by the said Leonard Thompson, or other Person or Persons intitled to his said Share, upon any Default as aforesaid, and all other incident Charges, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the said John Angell and Leonard Thompson, according to their said respective Proportions and Interests therein, or to such other Person or Persons as shall, for the time being, be intitled thereto; yet nevertheless so as not to assertt or’ prejudice the Security or Securities which shall have been made by the said Leonard Thompson, his Heirs or Assigns, by virtue of this Act, to the Person or Persons who shall advance Money for the Purposes aforesaid, nor the annual Rent ascertained for the Grounds to be made use of for the Purposes of this Act, and from and after Payment and Satisfaction to the said Corporation, their Successors or Assigns, by Receipt of the said Duties, or other wise, shall have been made for all their Costs, Charges, and Ex-puices, in or about the removing, rebuilding, and repairing, the said Light-houses, and the 'receiving the said Duties, the Power of the Receiver or Receivers to be appointed by the said Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, shall cease and determine; and the said Duties shall thenceforth reveft in the faiA Leonard Thompson and J, hn Angtll, according so their said proportionate Estate and Interest, or in the Persons, for the time being, intitled to the same (subject as aforesaid) with the Powers and Authorities hereby granted for demanding, collecting, and recovering the same.

XI. Arid, for effecting the several Purposes herein before referred to Commissioners, be it hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Henry IPiilougiby of Birdfalf in the County of York, Esquire; Henry Brciv/ier Darky of Aldby Pat in the same County? Esquire; Barnard Foord of Heflertony in the same County, Eujuire; liaac Broadky of Kingston upon Hull aforesaid, Esquire; and Henry Alaijlery of the same Place, Eiquwv shall be, and they are hereby conttituted Commissioners, to execute the Powers vetted in them by this Act. '

e

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. *1$

XII. And be it further enacted, That all the Orders and Determinations so to be made by the said Com- Their Decree* to missioners, shall be set down in Writing, under the Hands and Seals of such of the said Commissioners as

shall make the same* and shall be entered at Length in the publick Office kept at Beverley^ in and for the8*'1*

East Riding of the County of York; and the same, or a true Copy or Copies thereof, certified as stich, under the Hand of the Reeifter of the said Office, or his Deputy, shall be taken, deemed, and adjudged, good and sufficient Proof in all Courts of Law or Equity whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death or Refusal to act of any Commissioner hereby Upon Death* appointed, or hereafter to be cleded, the surviving Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall and 10 may, from time to time, elect one other Commimoner in the Room of every such Commissioner deceased fionwiaodTer or refuting to ad; and every Person so elected shall have the lame Authority, to all Intents and Purposes, roay be choseo. as if he had been named a Commissioner in this Act.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, that nothing in this Act contained Act not to aflfeA shall extend, or be construed, adjudged, deemed, or taken, to revoke any Will, or to make void, alter, Will*, Settle* annul, or any ways affect any Settlement, Mortgage, Incumbrance, or Deed, which shall have been exc- mcm,» cuted on or before the fourteenth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and sixty>fix, or any Part

thereof, so as to prejudice any Person or Persons^ having any Right or Claim under the same, out of, upon, or affecting the Ground whereon the present Light-houses stand^ or the said Light-houses, or the Duties granted by the said Letters Patents; but that all such Rights and Claims on the said Premisses and Duties mall respectively be and remain a Charge and Lien on the new Light-houses hereby directed to be built, and on the Duties hereby granted or continued; And the respective Shares and Ipterefts of the said John Angell and Leonard Thompson, of and in the same Light-houses, Duties, and, Profits, shall be subject and liable to the same Uses, Trusts, Charges, Powers, Provisoes, Limitations, Remainders, Rents, Annuities, Services, Incumbrances, and Demands, as their Shares and Interests of and in thte said present Light-houses, and the '

Duties and Profits granted by the said Letters Patents, would have been respectively fubied and liable to in case this Act had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be con* ftefrmtion of strued to extend, to defeat, lessen, or prejudice, the Right, Title, and Interest, of the said William Constable, Rights of the his Heirs and Assigns, as Lord or Lords of the Manor of Kilnfea, or as Lord or Lords of the Seignory or Lon*Mi* Dominion of Holdernesse, in the said County of York) except so far only as the lame is or are hereby bound *°r’

or affected; any Thing in this present Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein and of the Tri-i contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice, lessen, or defeat, any of the Powers, Pri* nity House. vileges, Immunities, or Juristiidioiis, of or belonging to the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be Limitation of commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act; that Actioai. then, and in every such Case, the Action or Suit shall oe brought within Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and shall be laid, in the County of York> and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit so to be broughtlhall and may plead the General Issue, and give this General i/n*.

Ad, and the Special Matter, in Evidence at any Trialito be had thereupon: And if the Plaintiff or Plain*

tiffs shall become nonsuited, or shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, Suit or Suits or if

upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; the Defendant or Defendants

shall and may recover Treble Costs* and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants Treble Cost*.

shall and may have in any Cases by Law. ‘ 1

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, PuMick i

aM taken to be, a Publick Act; ami be judicially taken Notice of as such in ail Courts^ and by all

Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to extend an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the First, f intituled, An Act for the further preventing Robbery, Burglary, and other Ft lon:es, and for the * ,

more effectual Transportation of Felons and unlawful Exporters cf Wool, and for declaring the, t

Law upon some Points relative to Pirates, to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland^, so far as the said Act relates to the more effectual Transportation of Felons; and for amending '

and rendering more effectual the Laws for restraining Muirburn, in forbidden Time, in that Part of the United Kingdom.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, prMmble, rvc’t-An Act for further preventing Robbery, Burglary, and other Felonies, and for the more effectual Tran- ing ClauiVs in € fPortation of Felons and unlawful Extorters of Wooiy and for declaring the Law upon some Points relating to Geo. i.

Pirates, certain Provisions and Rules are made and laid down for the more effectual Transportation ofc# ,#

Offenders to his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, by enabling the Court, before whom such Persons are convicted, to convey, transfer, and make over such Offenders, by Order of Court, to the Use of any Person or Persons who shall contract for the Performance of such Transportation, to him and them, and their Heirs and Assigns; and such Person or Persons so contracting as aforesaid, his or

F f 2 4 their

220

C. 32.

Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

c their Assigns, by virtue of such Order of Transfer, are declared to have a Property and Interest in the Service of such Offenders, for such Terms of Years as is therein mentioned; but, by an After Clause of the aforesaid Statute, it is provided that nothing in the said Act contained should extend, or be construed to extend, to such Persons as should be convicted or attainted in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, whereby the effectual Transportation of Offenders from that Part of the United Kingdom is often disappointed, and the Colonies and Plantations to which such Offenders are transported, are exposed to many Dangers and Inconveniencies, by having such Offenders set loose amongst them, without any Person or Persons having a Property or Interest in their Service, whereby they may be restrained from committing new Crimes and Offences in the said Colonies and Plantations For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual Coart in Scot- and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, land, proDoun- That whensoever and so often as any Sentence of Transportation shall be pronounced and awarded, by any T^nforu*tion0f ^ourt *n Part of Great Britain called Scotland, against any Offender or Offenders, it shall and may be maymiake over lawful for such Court to convey, transfer, and make over, such Offender or Offenders, by Order of Court, the Offender to to the Use of any Person or Persons who shall contract for the Performance of such Transportation, to the Use of the him and them, and their Heirs and Assigns, so as he or they, so contracting, may have a Property and In-*"5" terest in the Service of such Offenders, for such and the same Term of Years as he or they might have had of such Trans"" *n W an Order of any Court in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Persons do now stand convicted, or hereafter shall be convicted, of any Crimes or Offences whatsoever, by which Death by Law may Drought to be infli#ed 3 and his Majesty, his Herrs or Successors, shall be graciously pleased to extend his Royal Mercy to such Offenders, upon the Condition of Transportation to any Part of America, and such Intention of Mercy be signified by one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State 3 it shall and may be lawful to any Court in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, having proper Authority, to allow such Offenders the Benefit of a Pardon under the Great Se^l, or under the Seal appointed by the Treaty of Union to be kept in Scotland in place of the Great Seal, and to order and direct the like Transferand Conveyance, to any Person or Persons who will contract for the Performance of such Transportation, and to his or their, Heirs and Assigns, of any such before mentioned Offenders, in the same Manner, and for the same Term of Years, as any Court in that Part of Great Britain called England might have ordered and directed in the like Case 3 and such Person or Persons so contrafting as aforesaid, his or their Assigns, by virtue of such Order of Transfer as aforesaid, shall have the like Property and Interest in the Service of inch Offenders, and for such Term of Years, as he or they would or might have had under the Ijke Order from any competent Court in that Part of Great Britain called England.

III. And whereas the laws now in Force in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for preventing Muirburn in forbidden Time, are found defective and ineffe#ual, whereby not only the Game, but also many valuable Woods and Plantations have been destroyed For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person. or Persons shall make Muirburn, or set Fire to any Heath or Muir, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the last Day of March to the first Day of November in any Year, under the Penalty of forty Shillings lawful Money of Great Britain for the nrft Offence, five Pounds like Money for the second Offence, and ten Pounds like Money for the third and every other Offence; one Moiety of which Penalties Avail belong to the Procurator Fiscal, who shall sue or prosecute for the same, and the other Moiety shall be at the Disposal of the Court before which the Offender or Offenders shall be convi#ed, for such publick Uses, within the Parish where the Offence is committed, as they shall think fit.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Tenant, Possessor, or Occupier of the Ground, upon which such Muirburn shall be made or discovered within the forbidden Time aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of the Offence, and shall be liable to the several Penalties aforesaid, unless such Tenant, Possessor, or Occupier, shall prove, to the Satisfaction of the Court, that such Fire was communicated from some neighbouring Ground, or was raised upon his or her Ground by some other Perfort not in his or her Service or Family.

V. Provided always, That no Person or Persons shall be liable to any of the Penalties hereby enacted, except for such Offence or Offences as shall be committed after the thirty-first Day of March) one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven.

portation. Persons convicted of capital Crimes, receiving the King’s Pardon upon Condition cf Transportation, the Court to allow the Offender the Benefit thereof, and order a likeTranf-Set to be made of him to the Cohtraftor, as the Courts io England may in like cases.

Penalty on Persons making. Mliirbnrn, or letting Fire to any Heath or Muir, between 31 March and 1 Nov, yearly. Application of the Penalties.

|n what Cases the Tenant or Occupier is made liable to the said Penalties.

Penalty not to take place but for Offences committed afrer 31 March, 1767.

Method of suing for and Recovery of the Penalties.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Penalties aforesaid may be sued for and recovered before any two or more Justices of the Peace, or before the Sheriff of the County where the Offence shall be committed, subject ta such Review as is- competent by the Law of Scotland in the like cases*

CAP.

A.D. 1766.

C. 33. 221

Anno sexto Georgii III.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to enable his Majesty to exchange the Lands of Fernan and Z/Vf in the County of Perth, for other Lands belonging to the Right Honourable John Earl of Breadalbanc, in Pitkellony, in the said County of Perth.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, Preamble, rent. 4 W intituled, An Act for annexing certain forfeited Efates to the Crown unalienably, and for making Sat if- «ng Att 15 Goo- faction to the lawful Creditors thereupon; and to establish a Method of managing the same, and applying the a# €'

Rents and Profits thereof for the better civilizing and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing Disorders there for the future; the Lands and Estates which belonged to John Drummond, taking upon bim'clf the Stile and Title of Lord John Drummond, Brother to James Drummond, taking upon himself the Title of Duke of Perth; and the Lands of Alexander Robertson of Strowan, were unalienably annexed to the Imperial Crown of these Realms, for certain Purposes in the said Act mentioned: And whereas the Lands of Fernan, Part of the annexed Estate of Strowan, of the yearly Rent of seventy-eight Pounds, twelve Shillings, and eleven Pence Sterling, lie detached by themselves at a Distance from the T 4 Body of the Estate of Strowan, and are situated in the Bosom of the Estate of John Earl of Breadalbanc,

within a Mile of Taymouth, the principal Residence of his Family: And whereas the Lands of Lix, Part of the annexed Estate of Perth, of the yearly Rent of thirty-four Pounds, six Pence, and two-thirds of a 4 Penny Sterling, lie Contiguous to other Parts of the said Earl's Estate: And whereas these two Parcels of Crown Lands, all lying in the County of Perth, are not only detached from every Part of the annexed Estates, but also separated at a considerable Distance from them, and from each other: And whereas the said John Earl of Breadalbanc is Proprietor of certain Parts jof the Estate of Pitkellony, in the Parish of Afuthill, and County of Perth (of greater Value than the two Parcels of annexed Lands above described)

lying adjacent to,* and almost fur rounded by, the Perth Estate, and most commodiously situated for the better Accommodation of a Village lately built upon, rthat Part of the said Estate: And whereas it would be of great Benefit to his Majesty, and to the annexed Estates, as well as to the said John Earl of Bread- a:bane, that the said Lands of Fernan and Lix were exchanged for such Parts of the Estate of Pitkellony,

belonging to the said John Earl of Breadalbanc, as lie most contiguous and convenient to the said annexed Estate id Perth, allowing Value for Value: And whereas the said Exchange cannot be cotripleated, with- out the Aid of Parliament:’ May it therefore please your Majesty (upon the Petition of the said John Earl of Breadalbanc) that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his His Majestjren* Heirs and Successors, to give, grant, and dispone, unto the said John Earl of Breadalbanc, his Heirs and a*>ied * grant t# Asigns, all and whole that Part and Portion of the Lands and Barony of Strowan, called The thirty Merk Br^fibane^he JLavds of Fernan, with the Woods thereof, which formerly belonged to the deceased Alexander Robertson L^cisV Fernai* of Strowan, and are now annexed to the Crown, comprehending the particular Towns and Lands after- and Li* here mentioned; videlicet, The three Mcrk Land of Tomentyvoir, the three Merk Land of Bellinairn, the two particularly de-Merk Land of Corricherrow, the three Merk Land of Croftnaline, the two Merk Land of Balmonoch, the w,th lhr five Merk Land of Bor eland, the five Merk Land of Kinnyeallan, the five Merk of Stroanfern and Marge- ^enti "hoi^of^ ryr, thetwo Meik Land of Langfern, the Brewleat, Maltbarn, and Kiln of Taynalcan or Fernan, the Mill ine° of Fernan \ all and whole the I fends, great and tmall, of the said whole Lands above mentioned, all lying in the Parish of Kenmorti and Sheriffdom of Perth, with the whole Paits and Pertinents of all the aforesaid

Lands and others, by whatever Name called or described in the Title Dceas thereof: All and whole those Parts and Portions of the Lands and Estate of Perth, called The Lands of Lix, extending to a nine Merk Land, and which formerly belonged to John Drummond, taking upon himself the Stile and Title of Lord John Drummond, Brother to James Drummond, taking upon himself the Title of Duke of Perth, and now annexed to the Crown, comprehending the particular owns Aid Lands after mentioned; videlicet. The Town and Lands of Westtr Lix, with the Croft thereof, the Farm or Lands of Middle Lix, the Farm or Lands of Easttr Lix, with the Pendicle thereof: And all and whole the Tiends, g;eat and small, of the said whole Lands above mentioned, with the whole Parts and Pertinents of the aforesaid Lands and others, ky whatever Name called or described in the Title Deeds thereof, all lying in the Parish of Killine, and Sheriffdom of Perth, heritably and irredeemably, in due and competent Form, by way of Excambion, and inEachangeft* in Exchange, for the following Parts and Portions of the said Estate of Pitkellony, belonging to the said other Land* in John Earl of Breadalbanc \ videlicet. All and whole the ten Merk Land of the Ward of Afuthill, with the |>,k',|lony Aieadow, Wood, and Wood Lands, comprehending the Park of Ward, three Parks in Mutlill, and the Lands of Laeroch, and all Parts and Pertinents of the same: Ad and whole the Lands of Pett or Petts Tenantry, extending to a two Merk Land of old Extent, now commonly called Tenantry or garter Lands cf Pett, whereof a Part is called Caimgrew% comprehending the Y\ t-il Paik, and al Pirts and Pertinents of the same: All and whole the Lands of Pett Fuller and Ivester, comprehending the Lands commonly called Drumduie, A fuirhouse, Lure, and Burnfuie \ aho comprehending the Burn Park of Drumduie, Pendicle of Burnjideof Drumduie, Lint Mill of Drumduie, Muirhead Roads, and Erodlog, and all Parts and Pendicles of the same: Al) and whole those Parts of the Town or Village of Muthiil, with the Tenements of Houses* WooUhops, Yards, and Crusts, lying therein (not already annexed to the Crown) and contained in a Dif-

poiluojx

222

33*

Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

Crown in lieu thereof$

position thereof dated twentieth Augu/fn one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, and reeistrate in the hooks of Council and SefEon third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and sixtynx, by Robert Drummond, of PitkeUony^ to John Campbell Esquire, Cashier of the Royal Bank of Scotland: Also ail and whole the Customs or Tolls of tnc Market* or Fairs held in the said Town of MuthiU\ together ilfo with the Tiend Sheaves and other Tiends, as well great as final!, or the whole Lands, Tenement, and others above written, together with the whole Premisses contained in the said Difoofition, by whatever Name called or described in the Title Deeds thereof: Ail lying within the Parish of MuthiU9 and SherrfHom of Perth; amounting in all to the yearly Rent of one hundred and sixty-five Pounds, nineteen Shillings, eight Pence, and one-third of a Penny Sterling, from the Date

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Date of such Grant, of such Grant, fa to be made by his Majesty, his Heirs or Sticceflbts, of the said Lands of Fernan and L/x, with the of*reoeo so Tiends and Pertinents thereof, in Exchange as aforesaid, the said Act of the twenty-fifth of his late Ma-

far as relates to

’Whs so far at it relates to these Lands, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and the said Lands of these Lands, is Fernan and Lix shall, from thenceforth, be difannexed from the Imperial Crown of these Realms; any repealed* and the Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding: And that, from thenceforth, the aforesaid Parts and raid Lands dif. portions of the Lands and Estate of PitkeUony % which shall be given to his Majesty in Exchange for these thencrown°mtnd Lands o!f Fernap and Lix as aforesaid, shall be, and the same are hereby, annexed unalienably to the Impe-the Lands given rial Crown of these Realms, under all the Conditions, Provisions, and Limitations, and to the same Pur-in Exchange are poses and Uses, as contained in the foresaid Act of the twenty-fifth of his late Majesty, in the same Man-annexed to the ner, and as effectually, to all Intents and Purposesf as if these Parts and Portions themfcWes had thereby been foecially and particularly annexed.

III. And wheifcas the Tenants and Possessors of the hid Lands of Fernan have, by Usage and Custom,

enjoyed and possessed a Privilege or Servitude of pasturing and gtwing their Cattle upon other Parts of the said Estate of Stroxuan 5 and the Tenants and Possessors of roe Lands of Lix have, in like Manner,

enjoyed and possessed the Privilege and Servitude of cutting Wood, for the necessaryUfes of their Farms

and Possessions, upon other Parts of the Estate of Perth5 and the Tenants and Possessors of the before

mentioned Parts and Portions of the Estate of PitkeUenf (which are to be given in Exchange as aforesaid)

have, by the like Usage and Custom, become thirled or bound to the Mill of PitkeUony, commonly called The MtllofStepiy for all Grain or Corn raised on these Parts and Portion*:’ And h being proper and expedient that, at carrying the said Exchange into Execution, these and all other Servitudes mould be abo- idled and discharged; be it therefore enacted by the Authoring aforesaid, That from and after the Date of the Grant, so to be made by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of the said Lands of Fernan and in

, - Exchange as aforesaid, not only the several Privileges and Servitudes immediately herein before enumerated,

joyed byd&eTe- ^nt aMo all other Privileges and Servitudes claimed or enjoyed by the Tenants and Possessors of the said nmnts, &c. of Lands of Fernan and Lixs of and upon other Pkrts of the said annexed Estates of Stroxvan and Perth; and two Land* are by the said John Earl of Breadalbane and his Tenants (for the Remainder of the said Lands of Pitkellonj and to cede there- Mill thereof) of and upon the Tenants and Possessors of these Parts and Portions of PitkeUony, then to "P°B* be given in Exchange as aforesaid; and by the Tenants and Possessors of the said annexed Estates of Stream

and Perth, and of the Parts and Portions of PitkeUony, so to be exchanged as aforesaid, of and upon the said Lands of Fernan and Lix, and Remainder of PitkeUony; shall from thenceforth cease and determine, and be for ever after abolished and discharged.

, 4

IV. And whereas the Value of the aforesaid Parts and Portions of the Estate of PitkeUony, so to be

exchanged as aforesaid, doth exceed the Value of the said Lands of Fernan and Lix. in the Sum of three hundred and nineteen Pounds nine Shillings three Pence and one-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling \ be it Satisfaction to therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Warrant under his or their Sign Manual, to order Payment to be made out of the Rents tf bane for the*" annexed Estates, of the aforesaid Sum of three hundred and nineteen Pounds nine Shillings three

difference of Pence and one-sixth Part of a Penny, unto the said John Earl of Breadalbane, his Heirs and Assigns, to Value in the compleat (with the aforesaid Lands of Fernan and Lix) the Price or Value of the Parts and Portions of the Land* caching- Estate of PitkeUony, so to be exchanged as aforesaid.

«d.

Kefemtion of V. Saving to all and every Person and Person9, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Right* Successors,^Executors, and Administrators, (other than and except the King's most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the said John Earl of Breadalbane, his Heirs and Successors) all such Estates, Rights, Titles, Interests, Claims, and Demands, of, in, to, and out of, the Lands and Premisses to beex* changed as aforesaid, as they, every, or any of them, had before passing this Act, or should or might have had and enjoyed, in case this Act had never been made.

and the respective Privilege* and Servitude!

C A?.

Anno (exto Georgii III.

Cc 34. 223

A.D. 1766.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for widening several Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, within the City of Bristol, and for opening several new Streets, and Passages within the same j and for explaining,

22 Cif.O. a. C. 20.

amending, and enlarging, the Powers of the several Acts passed for paving, cleansing, light- ing, watching, and regulating, the Streets, and other Places, within the said City, and Li-’9 e0*c«47 berties thereof.

WHEREAS several Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the City of BrtJ1oly and Liberties pfeamVle. thereof, are too narrow, and are incommodious for the patting of Persons and Carriages, to the Prejudice and Inconvenience of the Owners and Inhabitants of Houses in and near the same; and to the great Hindrance of Bufinef9, Trade, and Commerce: And whereas there are several Buildings {landing upon the Banks of the River Froome, within the said City, which are a great Hindrance to the free Navi- cation of the said River, and may be hazardous to the Shipping the re in case of Fire :* For Remedy whereof, May it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’svmost Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after patting this Act, the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the said City, for the time beint, in Common £oun- Corporation qil attenobkd, or their Attigns, shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to widen, enlarge, and render more convenient, such and so rpuch of the several Streets, Lanes, $Ueeth 1 Passages and Places, mentioned and described in a Schedule to this Act annexed, intituled, the First Schedule; and also to design, make, open, and lay out, such new Streets, Lanes, and Passages, in the Parts ,nd layout and Places particularly mentioned and described in another Schedule to this Act also annexed, intituled, the others*

Second Schedule$ and also to remove and take away certain Sheds, Houses, Buildings, and Erections, Handing upon a Piece of Ground, called the Buttsy and thereunto adjoining, in the Parish of Saint Augustine within the said City, from the void Ground and Way on Saint AuguJUne s Back opposite Denmark Street, to the Draw-bridge, now belonging to a Dock and Yard in the Possession of William Tombs, Shipwright, in the said Parish, and are bounded on the Westward Side thereof by the pitched Road Way the whole Length thereof, and on the Eastward Side by the River Froome \ in order to lay and continue the same open to prevent any Accidents by Fire to the Shipping lying in the said River, and for the more freely navigating Ships, Vessels, or Troughs within the said River,

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor, Burgcttes, and Commonal- anrj to treat eor ty, of the said City, in Common Council assembled, and their Assigns, shall have full Power and Authority por«.hase of to treat and agree with the Owners and Occupiers of, and all other Person9 interested in such Houses, Premisses. Buildirles, Grounds, and Estates, as shall be necessary to be purchased, for the more effectual Performance of the Purposes aforesaid, and to purchase and become seized or possessed of the same; and upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed upon for such Purchases, to cause such Houses and Buildings, or so much thereof as shall be necessary, to be pulled down, and such Grounds, or so much thereof as shall be necessary, to be laid into new Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, or otherwise laid out for or towards the widening, enlarging, or improving, any of the present Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, described in the two Schedules hereunto annexed, or for other the Purposes herein before mentioned.

III. And whereas it may happen that some Persons, or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Ecclesiastical,

Feoffees in Trust, Femes Covert, or others, who are seised or possessed of, intitled unto, or interested in,

some Houses, Edifices, Tenements, Sheds, Erections, or Ground, or feme Part or Share thereof, which may be necessary to be pulled down or purchased for my of the Purposes aforesaid, may he willing to treat and agree to fell such Houses, Edifices, and Premisses, but are incapable of felling, granting, or conveying the same be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be Bodies Politick, lawful to and for ail Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Ecdefiaffical, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all&c* »mpow«na Feoffees inTruft, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, or other Trustees whomsoever, and for all Femes10r,u *nd 40tt* Covert, and every Person or Persons whomsoever, who are or shall he seised, possessed of, or interested in, Vfy# any such Houses, Edifices, Tenements, Ground, and Premisses, or any Part thereof, to sell and convey all or any such Houses, Edifices, Tenements, Ground, and Premisses, or any Part thereof, and all their Estate,

Right, Title, and Interest whatsoever, of, in, or to the same, to the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, in Common Council assembledr or their Attigns, or to such Persons and their Heirs for ever, as the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, in Common Council assembled, shall direct, in Trust for them the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, in Common Council assembled, and their Attigns, for the Purposes in this Act contained; and that all Contracts, Agreements. Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, as aforesaid, shall, without any Fine or Fines, coveryor Recoveries, or other Conveyances or Aflurauces in the Law whatsoever, be good, v^iid and zK fcftual, to all Intents and Purposes; any Law, Statute, Usage or any other Matter or Thing wha:b ever to the contrary thereof in any wMe notwithstanding; and that all such Persons are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Body Politick, Corporate, or If »»? re^scio Fcclefijilical, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Femes Covert, or ether Person or Persons whatsoever, in * and by this Act impowered and qualified to coxuraft for, fell, convey, and dispose of, any Part of the

t Picmifles,

224 C. 34. Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

m cannot make a Title)

the same to be settled bj a Jury.

Jurats may be challenged. Witnesses may be examined on Oath.

Proceeding* to be void, in case Corporation emit *o pay Sums awarded within 3 Months,

Or JnfVices neglect to summon Jury.

Premisses herein before mentioned, shall refuse to treat and agree as aforesaid, or, by reason of Absence, or otherwise, shall be prevented from treating and agreeing, or shall decline or refuse to fell, convey, and dispose of, the Premises, whereof, or wherein; or whereunto, they respectively shall be so seized, possessed, interested* or intitled, as aforesaid, or their respective Rights, Titles, Claims, or Interests1 in, to, or upon, the same, or any Part thereof, unto the said Mayor, Burgesses and Commonalty, in Common Council a(-sembled, or their Assigns, or to such Person or Persons as they shall nominate or appoint for the Purposes, and according to the Tenor, true Intent, and Meaning of this Act; or shall not produce, or make out, a clear Title to the Premisses they are in Possession of, or to the Interest they claim therein, to the Satisfaction of the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, in Common Council assembled, or theic Assigns; it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the said City, at some General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said City, or Adjournment thereof, and they are hereby impowered and authorised to issue a Precept or Precepts to the Sheriffs of the said City, who are hereby authorised, directed, and required, accordingly to impanel and return a competent Number of substanrial and disinterested Persons, qualified to serve on Juries, and not less than twenty-four; and out of such Persons lo to be impanelled, summoned, and returned, a Jury of twelve Persons shall be drawn in such Manner as Juries for the Trial of Issues joined in his Majesty's Courts of Westminster, by an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Juries/ are directed to be drawn; which Persons, so to be impanelled, summoned, and returned, as aforesaid, are hereby re* quired to come and appear before the said Justices, at the said General Quarter Sessions, or some Adjournment thereof, at such Time and Place as in such Precept or Precepts shall be directed and appointed, and to attend there, fron/Dav to Day, until discharged by the said Court; and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges (out not challenge the Array of the Pannel) against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn: And the said Justices as aforesaid are hereby respectively authorised and impowered, by Precept or Order, from time to time, as Occasion shall require, to call before them all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who shall be thought necessary to be examined as Witnesses before them, and to examine them on their Oath or Oaths touching the Premisses; and the said Justices as aforesaid, if they think fit, shall and may likewise authorize the said Jury to view the Place or Places, or Matters, in Question, in such Manner as they shall direct; and the said Justices as aforesaid shall have Power to adjourn such Meeting from Day to Day, as Occasion shall require; and such Jury, Witnesses, and Parties, shall attend until all such Affairs, for which they shall be so summoned, shall be concluded: And the said Jury, upon their Oaths, shall esquire of the Value of such Houses, Ground, Tenements, Edifices, Erections, Buildings, and Premisses, which shall be necessary to be purchased, and of the respective Estate and Interest of every Person seized or possessed of, or interested therein, or in any Part thereof; and such Jury shall assess the Sum or Sums to be paid to every such Person or Persons for the Purchase of such their Estates and Interests, which shall be necessary to be so purchased; and the said Justices as aforesaid shall and may give Judgement for such Sum and Sums of Money so to be assessed; which said Verdictor Verdicts, and the said Judgement, Decree and Determination thereon, Notice in Writing being given to the Person or Persons interested, at least fourteen Days before the Time of such Assessment, declaring the Time and Place of the Meeting of the said Justices as aforesaid, and Jury, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling-house of such Person or Persons, or at his, her or their usual or last Place or Places of Abode, or with some Tenant or Occupier of some of the said Houses, Grounds, Tenements, Edifices, Erections, Buildings, or Premisses, intended to be valued and assessed, shall be binding and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, claiming any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, Use, or Interest, in, to, or out of, the same, either in Possession, Remainder, or Expectancy, as well Infants and Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Ideots, and Femes Covert, and Persons under any other legal Incapacity or Disability, and all Cestuique Trusts, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, as against all other Persons whomsoever; and the said Verdicts, Judgements, and Decrees, and all other Proceedings of the said Justices as aforesaid, and Juries, so to be made, given, and pronounced, as aforesaid, shall be fairly written or engrossed, and kept and entered among# the Records of the said Quarter Sessions in the Town Clerk’s Office of the said City; and the said Verdicts, Judgements, and Decrees, and all other such Proceedings, shall be deemed and taken to be Records to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and the same, or some Copy thereof, shall be deemed and taken to be good and effectual Evidence and Proof in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity whatsoever; and all Persons may have recourse to the same gratis^ and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy, not exceeding two hundred Words, six Pence, and so proportionably for any greater Number of Words.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, or their Assigns, shall nor, within three Months after such Judgement, Decree, or Determination, as aforesaid, pay, or cause to be paid, all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be so assessed or awarded for the Purchase of the respective Estates and Interests in any Lands, Tenements, pr Hereditaments, as aforesaid, to such Person or Persons as shall be seized or possessed of the Premisses, or interested therein; that then such Judgement, Decree, or Determination, and all Deeds, Contrafts, Agreements, or Proceedings, to be had, made, or done, in consequence thereof, shall be utterly void and of noEffed; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, That if after fourteen Days Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, the Justices of the said City, at some General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, shall not issue their Precept, and cause a Jury to be summoned accordingly; or if the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, in Common Council assembled, or their Assigns, shall neglect or omit to make Payment aforesaid; that

3 then,

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 34* ^25

then, and in every such Case, such Justices shall not nt any future Time issue any Precept for that Purpose; n,i no Pcifun or Per Tons, to whom such Notice shall, have been given, shall on the Failure of summoning ti h Jury, be obliged at any Time after, to contract for, fell, or otherwise dispose of, any Premisses which he, she, or they, may re uized or poi Ailed of, 01 i mere (ted in.

\ 11. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, so to beatulled and decreed as aforesaid, the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so a HI-lied and decree 1, for the Purchase of the Houses, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or for the Purchase of any Estate or Interest therein, shall make and execute, or procure to be made and executed, good, valid, and legal Conveyances and Assurances in the Law, to the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, in Common Councd allembieJ, or their Assigns, or to such Person or Persons as they shall nominate or appoint, in Trust f*>r the said Mayor, Burgetles, and Commonalty, in Common Council assembled, or their Allans, of such Houses, Ground, Tenements, Edifices, Erections, Buildings, and Premisses, or any Part thereof, or of such Estate or Interest for which such Sums of Money, shall be so awarded, and shall procure all necef-Uiy Parties to execute such Conveyances, Assignments, and Assurances; and shall do all Atts, Matters, an j Things, requisite and necessary to make a clear, good, and perfect Title to such Premisses, to the said I lay or, burgesses, and Commonalty, in Common Council assembled, or their Assigns, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint as aforesaid; and such Conveyances, Alignments, and Assurances, shall contain all such reasonable and usual Covenants, as shall, on the Part of the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, in Common Council assembled, or their Assigns, be required; and in case such Person or Persons, to whom any such Sum or Sums shall be so awarded or due as aforesaid, shall not be able to evidence their Title to the Premisses to the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, in Common Council a item bled, or their Assigns, and to make, or procure to be made, good, valid, and legal Conveyances thereof to the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, in Common Council assembled, or their Assigns, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, or shall refuse so to do, being thereto required; and such Sum or Sums, so act'efled and awarded, and due as aforesaid, being produced and tendered to be paid to them, on their making such Title, and executing, and procuring to be executed, such Conveyances, Assignments, or A flu ranees, as aforesaid; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so assessed or due, as aforesaid, cannot be found in the said City or Liberties, or if determined by reason of Disputes depending in any Court of Law or Equity, or for Defett of Evidence or otherwise, it wall not appear to the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, in Common Council assembled, or their Assigns, what Person or Persons is or are intitled; or if any Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall refuse to take in his, her, or their Mortgage-money, due on the Premisses, after Notice given to him, her, or them, for that Purpose, as herein after is provided; then, and in all and every such Case and cases, it shall and may be bwful to and for the said Justices, at their Sessions as aforesaid, to order the Sum or Sums so assessed and awarded as aforesaid, as the Value or Purchase-money for such Houses, Ground, Tenements, Edifices, Erections, Buildings, and Premisses, or as shall be due on such Mortgage, to be paid into the Chamber of the said City of Bristol, for the Use of the Parties interested in the said Premisses, to be paid to them, and every of them, according to their respective Estates and Interests in the said Premisses, as the said Justices in their said Sessions shall, by any Order to be made by them, direct; and the Chamberlain of the said City, who shall receive such Sum and Sums, is hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what Premisses, and for what Use the same is or are received, to such Person as shall pay such Sum or Sums into the said Chamber as aforesaid \ which Receipt or Receipts shall be entered on Record, and registered in such Place, and in such Manner, as such Verdicts, Judgements, and other Proceedings, as aforesaid, are herein before required to be kept; and immediately on such Payment and Registry, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand, in Law and Equity, of the Person or Persons respectively, for whose Use the same was paid, in, to, or out of, such Houses, Ground, Tenements, Edifices, Erections, Buildings, and Premisses, shall vest in the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, in Common Council assembled, and their Assigns, for the only Uses and Purposes of this Act, and they shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Possession thereof, to all Intents and Purposes, as fully and effectually, as if every Person having any Estate in the said Premisses, had actually conveyed the same by Lease and Release, Bargain and Sale inrolled. Feoffment with Livery and Seizin, Fine and Recovery, or any other legal Conveyance whatsoever; and such Payments shall not only bar all Right, Title* Interest, Claim, and Demand, of the Person or Persons to whose Use such Payment was made, but also shall extend to, and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife or Wives of such Person or Persons, and all Estates Tail, in Reversion, or Remainder, against the Issue and jfiues of such Person and Persons, and every Person claiming under them, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VIII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices in their said Sessions, or focne Adjournment thereof, after such Payment into the said Chamber and Registry as aforesaid, on the Application of any Person or Person interested in any or any Part of such Houses, Ground, Tenements, Edifices, Erections, Buildings, or Premifler, or the Monies so paid into the said Chamber for the Purchase thereof, or in respect of any Right or Interest therein, to place out and invest, or cause to be placed out and invested, such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, in some of the publick Funds, or on Government Securities, or in the said Chamber of Bristol, at Interefhin the Name of any Person or Pylons authorised and appointed by the said Justices for that Purpose, in Trust, to transfer and assign the lame to such Person or Persons to whom the Money so paid shall belong, on their executing proper Conveyances as aforesaid; and in the mean time, in Trust, to pay the Interest and Dividends arising therefrom to such Person or Persons who shall be, from time to time, intitled to receive the flame*

VoL.JL G g IX. Provided

On Payment of Purchase-m#-nev, PiemifliS to be conveyed.

Mortgagee* re* fusing to take ia their Mortgige-money, the same to be paid into the Chamber of the City of Bristol.

Receipts to be registered. Premifle, thereupon eefted in the Corporation

On Application of Person, inte-reftrj, I’uichalo* money 10 Se place.! out at Interest.

226 C. 344

Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

Mcfne Profit* recoverable.

Mortgagees, on Payment or Ten-der of Mortgage-money and Interest, to convey.

Tenants to quit on Notice given:

On Refusal, Sheriffs to deliver Poilctfioii.

Penalty on

Sheriffs, &c. not doing their £>»ty.

Mon*y payable to Bodies Corporate, &c. to be irinvested in Purchase of ther Estate*.

IX. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who would be intitled to recover the Mesne Profits of the Premisses, against the Person or Persons in Possession, in case the same had not been so conveyed as aforesaid, shall be intitled to recover the Sum or Sums to arise from such Interest and Dividends as aforesaid, by Action of Debt against the Person or Persons who shall receive the same; and the said Justices, in their said Sessions, or at some Adjournment thereof, are hereby impowered and authorised to make such Order as aforesaid, on the Chamberlain of the said City, for the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, as shall be necessary, in order to their being inverted in? the Funds, or Government Securities, or in the said Chamber of Bristol\ and the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, in Common Council assembled, and their Assigns, shall be quieted in the Possession of the Houses, Ground, Tenements, Edifices, Erections, Buildings, and Premisses, for which such Monies shall be so paid as aforesaid, and shall not be answerable or accountable in any Court of Law or Equity for the Money to be so deposited and placed out as aforesaid, any otherwise than according to the Tenor, Purport, and true Meaning of this ActE

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Mortgagee or Mortgagees of any Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be purchased in purfu mce of this Act, his* her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, on having six Months Notice in Writing given to him, her, or them, from the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, in Common Council assembled, or their Assigns, or any Person authorised by them, that they will pay off and discharge the Principal and Interest Money, which, at the Expiration of the said six Months, shall be due on such Mortgage, shall, at the End of the said six Months after every such Notice or Payment, or Tender of the Principal and Interest Money which shall be then due, convey and assign his, her, and their respect tive Estates and Interests, in and to the said mortgaged Premisses, to the said Mayor, Burgesses. and Commonalty, in Common Council assembled, or their Assigns, or to such Person or Persons as they shall nominate or appoint, in Trust for the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, in Common Council assembled*. or their Assigns, to the Uses and Purposes of this Act; and if any such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall refuse so to do, then all Interest on every such. Mortgage, from the Expiration of the said six Months after any such Notice given as aforesaid, shall cease and determine.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, in Common Council assembled, or their Assigns, or any Person authorised by them, shall, after any Houses, Edifices, or Premisses, shall be purchased in pursuance of this Act, give six Calendar Months Notice in Writing to all and every the Tenants or Occupiers of any such Houses, Edifices, or Premisses, which shall be so purchased, to quit or deliver up the Possession of such Houses, Edifices, or Premisses, at the Expiration of such six Months; then all and every such Tenants or Occupiers shall, at the End of such six Months after such Notice, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the Premisses so by*him, her, or them, respectively occupied, whether upon Lease or otherwise, to the Person or Persons who shall be appointed by the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, in Common Councih assembled, or their Assigns, to take Possession thereof; and if any Person or Persons so in Possession, shall refuse to give up such Possession at the Expiration of such six Months after every such Notice as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices in Sessions as aforesaid, from time to time, to issue a Precept or Precepts to the Sheriffs of the said City, to cause Possession thereof to be delivered to such Person or Persons who shall be in such Precept or Precepts nominated to receive the same; and the Sheriffs of the said: City are hereby respectively required to deliver Possession according to such Precept or Precepts of the Premisses therein mentioned, and to levy such Costs as shall accrue by Means of the issuing and Execution of every such Precept or Precepts, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of any Person or Persons who shall have refused to give up such Possession as aforesaid, and shall refuse or neglect to pay the same Costs.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices in Sessions as aforesaid, from time to time, to impose any reasonable Fine, not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds, on any Sheriff or Sheriffs, or their Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, respectively* who shall make any Default in the Premisses, and on any Person or Persons who, after being duly summoned and returned on any such Jury or Juries, who shall not appear; and also on any Witness or Witnesses who, on due Summons, mall not attend, or attending, shall refuse to be sworn, or who, being (worn, shall refuse to give Evidence; and on any Persons summoned and returned on such Jury or Juries, who shall refuse to be sworn on any such Jury or juries, or being sworn thereon, shall not give his or their Verdict, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his or their Duty in or touching the Premisses, contraij to, the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and, from time to time, to levy such Fine or Fines, by Order of the said Justices as aforesaid, as the Case may require, by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, together with the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus, if any, to the Owner-

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the principal Money to arise from the Sale of any Houses*. Edifices, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be purchased, for the Purposes intended by this Act, of any Body Corporate or Ecclesiastical, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust* Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, or from any Feme or Feme Covert, shall be paid to such Persons as they shall respectively nominate to receive the same, in Trust, with all convenient Speed, to be reinvested in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, and upon, and subject to the like Uses, Trusts, Limitations, Remainders, and Contingencies, as the Houses, Edifices, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be purchased from them respectively by the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, in Common Council assembled, or their Assigns as aforesaid, were respectively settled, limited, or allured, at the Time of such the purchasing

of

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 34. *27

of the same, or so many thereof as at the Time of making such Conveyances and Settlements shall be cxiftimr and capable of taking Effect.

XIV. And whereas, for enlarging, opening, and rendering more commodious the Way or Passage leading from the lower End of Corn Street to the Key, it is necessary that the Parish Church of Saint LeonardPa, now standing and being over the said Way, and the Vicarage-house thereunto belonging,

which adjoins to the said Church, should be taken down and removed: And whereas the Vicarage of Saint Leonard's, whereunto the said Church belongs, became void by the Ceilion of the last In- cumbent, and is, as well and by virtue of the Power Ordinary and Episcopal, as of an Act of Parliament made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for uniting Churches in Cities and Towns CorporateJ, ordered, decreed, and declared, with all its Rights,

Members, and Appurtenances, to be united and consolidated to and in the Parish of Saint Nicholas,

within the said City of Bristol, to all Effects in Law whatsoever, and that the same be now held, and in all future Times presented to, held, and enjoyed, as one Vicarage and Ecclrfustical Benefice, by the Name, Stile, and Description, of The Vicarage of Saint Nicholas with Saint Leonard’s united, and that Divine Service and Sermons shall* in all future Times, be had and celebrated in the said Parish Church of Saint Nicholas only $ and that the Parishioners and Inhabitants of the said Parish. of Saint Leonard shall have the free Liberty to resort to, and have the free Use of, the Parish Church of Saint Nicholas aforesaid, at the Times of Divine Service therein; and that the Church of Saint Nicholas shall be the foie Parish Church of both the said Pantoes;’ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, St. Leonard4® That the said Church of Saint Leonard, together with the Vicarage-house, and the several Hereditaments Phur£h* fcc> t# thereunto belonging, shall be, and the same are hereby, vested in the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Com- 46 ukeadowtt« monalty, of the said City of Bristol, and is and are hereby declared to be to their Use and Benefit, for the Intern and Purpose that the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, do, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to take down the said Church and Vicarage-house, and to remove, carry away, and dispose of, the Materials, so that the Way and Passage as aforesaid may be opened, widened, and enlarged, jmd rendered more safe and commodious, and for no other Intent or Purpose whatsoever.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be Corporation»iy lawful to and for the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, in Common Council assembled, or their fcH overplus Assigns, or any Person or Persons in whom any House or Ground shall be verted by virtue of this Act, to Lladt* let, fell, or dispose of, so much, or such Parts thereof, as shall not be necessary for the opening or widening of any of the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Places, for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons, to and for such Use or Uses as they shall think proper, except the said Ground called the Butts> in the said Parish of Saint Augustine.

XVI. And whereas it is found necessary that the several Houses, Tenements, Edifices, or some Part or Parts thereof, foecified and set forth in the said first Schedule to this Act annexed, to be on the North Side of a certain Street called or known by the Name of the Shambles, otherwise Worshipful Street,

and extending from the Lower End of High Street. to a Street or Lane called Bull Lane, in the said City;

and the several Tenements, Edifices, Erections, Buildings, and Ground* or some Part or Parts thereof*

situate between the Houses standing on the South Side of Saint Mary Port Street, in the said City, and the North Side of the Shambles aforesaid: and also the said Houses, Tenements, Edifices, Erections,

Buildings, and Ground, on both Sides or the said Street or Lane called Bull Lane, or by What other Name the Street or Lane between the Shambles aforesaid and Peter Street, in the said City, is called or known; and likewise the two several Houses in Peter Street, next unto Bull Lane, and now or late in the several Occupations of James Williams and Joseph Hill; and also one House on the North Side of Peter Street, next Dolphin Lane, in the Occupation of the said James Williams; and likewise three Houses in Narrow Wine Street, next Dohbin Lane, in the several Occupations of Robert Bell, John Evans, and Robert Bitton; should be vested in the Trustees nominated and appointed by an Act made in the thirty- third Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for rebuilding, widening, and enlarging the Bridge over the River Avon in the City of Bristol \ and for widening the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, leading thereto *, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, for the better and more effectual carrying their Trust into Execution; and that the Street or Passage leading from the Lower End of High Street through the Shambles, Bull Lane aforesaid, and Dolphin Lane, in the said City, should be enlarged be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Contracts and Agreements Corpontlon may entered into by the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, in Common Council assembled, for the Pur-co,1, M^,°rPurchase of the said last mentioned PremifTes, or any Part or Parts thereof, by virtue of this Act; and all Verdicts, Judgements, Orders, and other Proceedings, before the said Justices, as shall relate to or con- atoned, cern any of the said last mentioned Houses, Buildings, Ground, and PremifTes, be, and are hereby declared to be, to and for the Use and Benefit of the said Trustees, for the Intents and Purposes aforesaid; and which Contrafts the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, are hereby authorised to make: And the said Trustees, or any twenty-one or more of them, at any General Meeting, or some Adjournment thereof, are hereby authorised and reauired, out of the lolls. Rates, and Duties, granted by the said Act, to pay the several Sum or Sums of Money aa shall be agreed for the Purchase of the said several Houses and Pre-mirtes. or shall be assessed by a Jury, to be paid to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Ecclesiastical, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, for the Purchase of their several Estates and Interests in the last-men-t*» »ncd Premirtes, necessary for the Purposes aforesaid: And that upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, by the said Trustees, as shall be agreed to be paid for such respective Houses, Edifices, Ground, and PremifTes, to be contrafted for as aforesaid 5 or, where no Agreement or Contraft shall be made, on crakuig Satisfaction to all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Ecdcnastical, and ail Owners of, and Persons

G g 2 intended

228 C. 34.

Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

V iith of the ShuibUs, &c.

Trustees to fell

Overplus

Ground.

interested in, such Houses, Edifices, Ground, and Premisses, in pursuance of any Verdict, Judgement, Order, or other Proceeding, of the said Justices and Juries; all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Pro* perty, Claim, and Demand, of the Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Ecclesiastical, or other Person or Persons, for whose Ule such Money shall be paid, shall vest in the said Trustees, or the Person or Persons to whom the ra:d Trustees, or any twenty-one or more of them, at any General Meeting, or feme Adjournment thereof shall order, direct, and appoint; and they shall respectively be deemed in Law to be in the actual Seizin or Poflfeflion thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as fully, as if every Body Politick, Corporate, or Ecclesiastical, or other Person having any Estate in the Premisses, had actually conveyed the same to them by Lease and Relcafe, Bargain and Sale, Fine and Recovery, or any other legal Conveyance whatsoever; and such Payment shall not only bar all Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand, of the Person or Persons ro whose Use such Payment wai made, but also shall extend to, and* be deemed and construed to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife and Wives of such Person and Persons, and likewise to bar all Estates Tail, in Reversion, and Remainder, against the Issue and lflues of such Person or Persons, and every Person claiming under them; and the said Trustees are hereby authorised and remiiredv with all convenient Speed afterwards, to cause to be taken do\yn all the said last mentioned Houses, Tenements, Edifices, Erections, and Buildings, or any Part or Parts thereof, for the Purposes aforesaid, and to cause the Materials thereof to be removed and taken away in such Manner as they the said Trustees, or any twenty-one or more of them, shall, from time to time, at any of their General Meetings or Adjournments thereof, judge necessary and direct; and this Act shall be a sufficient Authority to indemnify them, and all Persons to be authorised determined by them, for so doing, against all and every the Owners of, and all other Persons interested in, any such Houses, Buildings, Ground, and Premisses, or any Part thereof, and the^ Lessees and Occupiers thereof, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns.

XVII. Provided nevertheless, That the said Street called ther Shambles 9 and the Ground already puT-chafed on the South Side of the same Street, and also the Ground hereafter to be purchased by virtue of this present Act, shall not exceed one hundred and forty feet in Width from the Outside or Front of the Key Wall, built on the South Side of the Shambles aforesaid, so far as the said Wall extends, and from the Bank of the River Avon there, above the said Key Wall, on a strait Line with the same Key Wall; nor shall the Street or Passage from the lower End of High Street through the Shambles, Bull Lane aforesaidj and Dobbin Laney be made to exceed forty Feet in Width.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any twenty-one or more of them, at any General Meeting or Adjournment thereof, to let* fell, or dispose of, so much or such Parts of the said Premisses, as shall not be necessary for enlarging the Width of the before-mentioned Streets and Passages, in Manner aforesaid; and that the said Trustees, or any twenty-one or more of them, at any of their General Meetings, or Adjournments thereof, shall and are hereby impowered to design, assign, and lay out, in what Manner the new Houses or Edifices shall be erected upon the said Overplus Ground and Premisses; and shall likewise, and they are hereby directed and required to design, assign, lay out, leave, and reserve, so much of the said Ground for Ways and Passages to and from such Houses, Tenements, and Premisses, in Mary Port Street, and between Mary Port Street and the North Side of the Shambles aforesaid, and in as commodious a Manner, and as near to the present Ways and Passages there as the Circumstances of the Cases respectively (due regard being haft to the Purpose of this present Act) will admit.

Peter’* Croft

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for and Pun p to be the said Trustees, or any twenty-one or more of then\,at feme General Meeting, or Adjournment thereof, teamed 1 to cause to be taken down and removed a certain Erection or Building in Peter Street aforesaid, called Saint Peter's Cross* and the publick Pump belonging to a Well or Spring of Water within the said Building; or Cross, so as the Way and Passage through Peter Street into Dolphin Lane aforesaid may be more ea(y and commodious; and that all the otones. Wood, Iron, Lead, and other Materials, belonging or appertaining to the said Cross and Pump, shall be, and the same are hereby, vested in the said Trustees; and they, or any twenty-one or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to sell and dispose of the same for as much Money as can be had or gotten for the same; and the Money arising by the Sale thereof*

shall and may be applied for and towards the Purposes for providing another Well, Pump, or Pipes, as

herein after-mentioned; and that the said Trustees shall, and they are hereby required, before the Removal of the said Cross and Pump, to cause to be fixed and placed fame Leaden or other Feather or Pipe in / some other Part of Peter Street aforesaid, for the Purpose of drawing and conveying Water from the said Well or Spring, or cause some other Well to be sunk elsewhere, or such other Method to be had and taken for the publick Supply of Water in and about Peter Street aforesaid, as the said Trustees, or any twenty-one or more of them, at any General Meeting, or Adjournment thereof, shall judgp necessary, fir, and expedient; the reason able Charges and Expences whereof, over and above what the Stone, Lead, Iron, and other Materials, directed to be sold as aforesaid, twenty-one of the said Trustees are hereby impowered and required to pay out of the Monies arising by virtue of the said former Act.

Ptrfoas liable to

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, rrpair the lame, Bodies Politick or Corporate, who by any Prescription, Custom, Usage, Tenure, or Agreement, is or are are to repair obliged or liable to repair the said Cross and Pump, or either of them, shall, by virtue of this Act, be ftCW\ liable to keep in Repair such Pump, Feather, Pipe, Well, or other Conveniency, for drawing and sup-

plying the Publick with Water, as the said Trustees shall cause to be fixed, placed, or made, in the Stead of the said Pump as aforesaid; and all Gifts and Legacies by Will or ot \erwife given or left towards the Repair of the said old Pump, ii and are hereby diicfteJ to te applied towards the Repair of the same new

Pump,

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 34. 219:

Pump, or other Conveniency; any Thing herein, or in any other Law, contained to the contrary not-

withstanding.

XXI. And whereas an Act was made in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of King T^tlltam n & i» W. j. 4 the Third* for cleansing, paving, and enlightening, the Streets of the said City of Bristol, and other *3*

Purposes therein mentioned: And whereas an Act was made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign 2%

of King George the Second, to render the said Ail more effectual, so far as related to paving and enlightening tnc said Streets, and also for the regulating Hackney Coachmen, Haliers, Draymen, and Carters, and other Purposes therein mentioned: And whereas an A d was made in the twenty* eighth 18 Ge». *\e. 32. 4 Year of his said Majesty King George the Second, for establishing, maintaining, and well-governing,

4 a Nightly Watch within the said City of Bristol: And whereas an Add was made in the next Session x^ Geo. t, c. 47* 4 of Parliament, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the last mentioned Act: And whereas some of the Provisions in the said Acts have been found insufficient to answer the good Purposes thereby intended: And whereas it would be of great Convenience and Safety to the Inhibitants of the said City, and to all Persons resorting thereto, or trading the rein, if proper Powers were given for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances within the said City and Liberties, and on the Banks of the Rivers there Wherefore, and in order that the said City may be more effectually regulated, and the Intention of the said Ada more ealily executed 5 be it further enacted by the Au- Lamps to'lc-thorny aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December next, all such Lamps as are or k«-pt li^htc4 shall oe provided or contracted for, in Manner in the said former Act mentioned and prescribed, shall befrom Sun Sct~ lighted and kept burning from Sun Setting to Sun Riling, every Night in the Year, under the same^"^® 1,4 Directions, Regulations, and Provisions, as are contained in the said Act of the twenty-second Year of his said late Majesty.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day Contraai hr of March next, the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, made

in every Parish and Precind respectively within the said City, or the major Part of them, shall and may,{ot and they are hereby required, authorised, and impowered, to enter into good and sufficient Contracts in Writing, with some Person or Persons, for the well and sufficiently lighting, trimming, snuffing, clean-supplying, maintaining, and repairing the Number of Lamps which, by the said Mayor and Justices, have been, or shall, from time to time, be, deemed necessary to be erected and set up in their respective Parishes and Precincts; which Contracts shall be made for one whole Year and no longer, and shall not exceed such Sum for each Lamp as shall be directed and ordered by the Mayor and Justices of the said City, at their General Quarter Sessions, in case they shall think fit to settle and direct the same; which Contract or Contracts shall be signed by the said Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Surveyors of the Highways, or the major Part of them, and by the Person or Persons so contracting: And that it and deanfin* shall and may be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, within the several Parishes and the Streets, Precincts of the said City and Liberties, for the time being, and he and they are hereby impowered and required (subject always to such Orders and Directions thereupon as he and they shall, from time to time, receive from the Mayor and Justices of the said City, in their Sessions assembled) yearly, and every Year, to enter into a Contract, in Writing, with some fit Person or Persons, for well and fuffciently sweeping and cleansing the several Streets, Lanes, and publick Places, within the respective Parishes and Precincts of the said City and Liberties, and carrying off and removing the Dirt, Allies, and Filth, twice at the least in every Week; which Contract and Contracts'shall be signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors, and by the Person or Persons so contracting; but previous to the making of any such Contract, seven Days Notice shall be given in some News Paper published at Bristol^ expressing* the Intention of the intended Contract, in order that any Persons willing to undertake the same may make Proposals for that Purpose: And if any Person or Persons entering into, or engaging in, any Contract, for any the Purposes before-mentioned, shall not perform, execute, and fulfil, the several Covenants, Agreements, and Conditions, of each Contract respectively, according the true Tenor and Meaning thereof, and of the said Acts, and this present Act; every such Person shall, for every such Neglect or Omission, unless the same appears to the Satisfaction of the Mayor and any one Alderman of the said City, or any three Aldermen without the Mayor, to have happened by some unforeseen or unavoidable Accident, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings; and that the like Rates and Assessments shall be made for the several Purposes afore-mentioned, as are authorised by the said recited Acts to be made for the several Purposes of lighting and cleansing the several Streets, and other Places, within the said City, as aforesaid, and shall be assessed, allowed of, levied, collected, and accounted for, at such Times, and in such Manner, and under the Lkc Penalties, as in and by the said several Acts of the eleventh and twelfth of King IP'iliiam the third, and the twenty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, are respectively directed and appointed, for and concerning the several Rates and Assessments therein made, for the lighting and clean— ftrg the several Streets, Ways, and Paffhges, of the said City.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein paf;fli ofocr* contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to hinder or prevent any of the said Parish Off cers miy ptofon.te from commencing and prosecuting Actions at Law against any Contractor for the Lamps, or for cleansing ,or Brrjth of the Streets, and other Places, of the said City, for Birarh of Contract or Covenant *, but it is hereby declared, That die like Remedy (luH and may be had and taken in the Premisses, against any such Con- ccpr* c* trad or, as if this Act had not been made; so as such Action be not brought or commenced for any particular Breach of Contract or Covenant for which any Contrndor as aforesaid shall have been proceeded

a^iinft before the said Mayor and Justice or Justices as aforesaid.

c XXIV. Tended:

3° C. 34.

Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

-Contraft? not liable to Stamp Duty.

Pariflt Officers

Contracts.

On Death of Collectors, Executors to accounu

DHIrefR may be Allowed.

XXLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Contract shall be chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatsoever.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Churchwarden, not to bare any Overseer of the Poor, or Surveyor of the Highways, within the said City, during his Continuance in such Concern in Office, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him, them, or any of them, shall be concerned or interested

in any or either of such Contract or Contracts.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Surveyor, Constable, or other Persons, appointed, employed, or authorised, to receive, collect, or recover, any or either of the Hates, Taxes, or Sums of Money, granted by the said former Acts, any or either of them, or by this Act, or any Part or Parts of such Rates, Taxes, or Sums of Money, shall die before the Expiration of his Office, or before he shall have fully accounted for, paid, and satisfied, all the Money by him received by virtue of the said Acts, or either of them; then, and in every such Case, his Executors or Administrators, or other legal Representative or Representatives, shall, within thirty Days after his Decease, deliver over all Things Concerning his Office to such Person or Persons as the Mayor of the said City, and one other Justice of the Peace of the said City, or three Justices without the Mayor, shall appoint for that Purpose; and shall pay out of the Assets left by such Surveyor, Constable, Collector, or Receiver, all Sums of Money remaining due, which he had received by virtue of his said Office, before any of his other Debts are paid and satisfied; and in case there shall not be Assets sufficient found to satisfy all Arrears due from such Surveyor, Constable, Collector, or Receiver, the Deficiency shall be made good by Reafleflment (to be made and allowed in such Manner as the original Rate is to be made and allowed) upon the respective Parishes and Places wherein such Deficiencies mall happen.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Person or Persons shall refuse or omit to pay, within the Time limited by the said Acts respectively, the Sum or Sums rated or assessed upon him, her, or them, by virtue of the said Acts, any or either of them, or this Act, the same

% may be levied and recovered as directed by the said Acts respectively, not only in the Parish or Place for ' which such Assessment shall be made, but in any other Parish or Place within the said City or Liberties thereof.

XXVIII. And whereas Persons may remove out of Parishes and Places within the said City and Li- berties, without paying the Rates assessed on them for the Purposes of the said Acts, or some or one of them, or this present Act, and other Persons enter and occupy their Houses and Tenements Part of the Year, by reason whereof, great Sums may be annually loft to such Parishes and Places \ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons shall come into or occupy any House, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, or other Premisses, out of or from which any other Person assessed shall be removed, or which, at the Tirrie of making such Rate, was empty or unoccupied; that then every Person so removing from, and every Person so coming into, or occupying the same, shall be liable to pay such Rate, in proportion to the Time that such Person occupied the same respectively, in the same Manner as if such Person so removing had not removed, or such Person so coming in or occupying had been originally rated and assessed in such Rate; which said Proportion, in case of Dispute, shall be ascertained by the Mayor and any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City, or any three Justices without the Mayor.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay any such Surveyors, Chief Constables, or Collectors, any of the Rates, Taxes, or Sums of Money, granted by the said former Acts, any or either of them, or by this present Act; it shall and may be lawful to and for the succeeding or any future Surveyors, Chief Constables, or Collectors, to collect and levy such Arrears.

XXX. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to excuse or discharge any such former Surveyor, Chief Constable, or Collector, from any Penalty or

thereby indem- Punishment he or they is or are liable to for Neglect of Duty by the said former Acts, or either of them,

Hates nay 'be apportioned.

arrears may be levied)

hot former Col left or, Sec. not

aided.

Eimiration of

Appeal*

or by this present Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any Appeal shall be made against any Rate made, or to be made, by virtue of the said former Acts, any or either of them, or this Act, the said Appeal shall and may be made to the said Justices of the said City, in their General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, as the Case may be, next after such Ra e shall have been demanded, and not otherwise.

Having to be un-

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this der the impeo Ad, the Order and Manner of paving and pitching all and every Part of the several Streets, Lanes, and tion of the Sor Ways, within the said City and Liberties; and the Number, Sort, and Situation, of Common Sewers, ffihiar Gouts, Drains, and Gutters, therein 5 shall, from time to time, be designed, laid our, executed, and per- yi* formed, altered, removed, and repaired, under the Inspection and with the Approbation of the Surveyors subject to th* Highways for the respective Parishes and Preclnds 5 subject always, nevertheless, to the Order and

Direction of the Direction of the Mayor and any one Justice of the said City, or any three Justices without the Mayor: Jtfayor, Sec. And if any Paviour, Pitcher, or other Person or Persons, shall pave or pitch any Part or Parts of any or either of the said Streets, Lanes, or Ways, in an uneven, irregular, or unworkman-like Manner, or use any bad or improper Materials in doing the same, or any Part thereof, or fliaM execute any Part of such Work contrary to the Order and Direction of such Surveyor or Surveyors, or Mayor and Justice or Justices, respectively; or if any Paviour or Paviours belonging to nr employed by any Proprietor or Proprietors of Water Works, supplying any of the Inhabitants of the said City or Liberties with Water, shall, after taking up, laying down, altering, or repairing, any Pipe or Pipes belonging to such Water

6 Works,

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 34V 231

Works, neglect to pitch or pave such Part or Parts of the Streets, Lanes, or Ways, which shall be broke-up for any of the said Purposes, or shall do the same in an uneven or un work man- ike Manner, or shall make use of- any bad or improper Materials, and being thereof convicted before the Mayor and anyone

Justice of the Peace for the said C'ty, or any three Justices without the Mayor, by the Oath of any cre-ible Witness or Witnesses, which Oath such Justices are hereby impowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward; every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattles, by Warrant Under the Hands and Seals of any such Justices of the Peace of the said City; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, then it shall and may be lawful for such Justices, and they are hereby required, to commit the Offender to the House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding ten Days, or until such Penalty and all Charges relating thereto shall be satisfied and paid: And that the Person or Persons liable by the said former Acts, or either of them, to pitch or pave any Part or Parts of such Streets, Lanes, or Ways, shall forthwith cause such Work to be altered and effectually amended, according to the Order and Direction of such Surveyor or Surveyors, or Justices, as aforesaid, under the like Penalty and Penalties as is and are contained in the said Acts, or either of them, for not'pitching or paving the Streets and, other Places of the said City.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the future, it shall and may Stirayomnifr be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, within the respective Parishes and Precincts of £ttfe °ouJ*Jm the said City and Liberties, upon Presentment of any Grand Jury at the General Quarter Session of the tv~e Peace held in the aforesaid City, and by virtue of an Order signed by the Justices of the said City, in Sessions assembled, from time to time, to cause the Gouts, Sinks, Drains, and Common Sewers, and the.

Grates over the same, within their respective Parishes and Precincts, to be new made, altered, repaired, enlarged, contracted, cleansed, scoured, and otherwise sufficiently provided and maintained; for the effecting whereof, it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors, and he and they is and are hereby required^xpnc* ttetgIf to make a Race or Assessment, as often as the same (half be necessary, upon the Houses and other* Tene- how to ments within the respective Parishes and Places which have any Benefit from, or Use of, any such Gout,

Sink, Drain, or Sewer, in such competent Sum and Sums as shall be wanting, in proportion to the yearly Rent or Value of such House, Houses, and other Tenements respectively; which Rates or Assess-inents shall be allowed and signed by the Mayor and one Alderman of the said City, or three Aldermen, without the Mayor, and shall be paid by one or more of the Tenants or Occupiers of such Houses or other Tenements respectively; and such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, of any such House or Houses, or other Tenements, respectively, is and are hereby required and authorised to pay such Sum* and Sums of Money as shall be so rated or assessed on such House or Houses, or other Tenements, re (pec— tively, and to dedud the same out of the Rent thereof; and the Owner and Owners, Proprietor or Pro-

Srietors thereof, are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments upon the Receipt of tht‘

Lefidue of their Rents; and every such Tenant or Occupier paying any such Rate or Assessment, shall be acquitted and discharged for so much Moneyas the said Rate or Assessment shall amount unto, as if the same had been actually paid to such Person or Persons to whom his, her, or their Rent should have been due and payable: And in case any such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, of such House*.

Houses, or other Tenements, shall neglect or refuse to pay such Rate or Assessment; then the same (half be levied by Distress of the Goods and Chattles of him, her, or them, so refusing or neglecting to pay*, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the Mayor and any one Alderman o? the said City, or any/ three Aldermen without the Mayor.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case it shall happen/that any Hdufe* uwxxm Of the Houses or other Tenements, or any Part or Parts thereof, within the said City and Liberties, liable pied, how to toe to the said last mentioned Rate or Rates, shall at any Time at or after the making of the said Rate or chart*A Rates, Assessment or Assessments, be empty, untenacted, or unoccupied; that then, and in^ every- such Case, the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall be paid by the Owners or Proprietors of such Houses or other Tenements; and, in case of Non-payment thereof* such Houses or other Tenements shall be, and the same are hereby made a Security for, and chargeable with such Arrears; and the Person or Persons who shall, at any Time then after, occupy any such House, Houses or Tenements, or the Ground whereupon the same stood, is and are hereby required and authorised to pay the same, and to* dedud the same out of the Rent thereof; and if he, she, or they, shall nested or refuse to pay such Rate or Assessment, then the same shall, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the Mayor, and any.one*

Justice of the said City, orany three Justices without the Mayor, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of any such Occupier or Occupiers, in manner as other Rates or Assessments are by; this Act, or the said former Acts, directed to be made, together with the Costs of every such Distress ana! the Sale thereof; and the Landlord and Landlords of therremifies is and!are hereby required to allow' every such Occupier and Occupiers all such Charges which he, she, or they, shall so pay, or: which shall be recovered by or from him, her, or them, as aforesaid, upon Receipt of the respective Rent 5 and any*

Occupier paying any such Charges, shall be acquitted and discharged for so much Money as he, (he, or

they, (half so pay, as if the same had been actually paid to such Person or Persons to whom his, her, or their Rent should have been du& or payable.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Occupier, or Owner of any Rqrolrtkm*-House or Houses, Lands, or Tenements, Churchwardens, and Keepers of Halls or publick Places next Getting Streets* adjoining to any new Street made or laid out since the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Ma-telly King Georgg the Second, or which hereafter shall be made or laid out, shall pitch. or pave such new Street before his or their Houses, Habitations, Lands, and Tenements, Churches, Church-yards, Halls,

and:

232

Carriage of Good* limit'd.

Exceptions*

Power to present Annoyances.

Form of Conviction,

C. 34. Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

anti publick Places respectively, into the Middle of the same Street, although the same maybe found to exceed the Breadth of thirty feet at a Medium; any Thing in the said Act of the twenty-second Year of his said late Majesty to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And, for the more effectually preserving the Pavements within the said City and Liberties, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of Jtr;: next, it shall not be lawful for any Waggon, or other four Wheel Carriage, belonging to any of the inhabitants of the said City or Liberties thereof, and loaden with, or having therein or thereon, above the Number of fourteen Sacks of Corn, Meal, or Grain; nor for any Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, with two Wheels, belonging to any of the Inhabitants of the said City or Liberties, and loaden with, or having thereon, above the Number of eight Sacks of Corn, Meal, or Grain, to pass or be drawn, upon any Account whatsoever, through, or into, or upon, any or either or any Part of any of the Streets, Lanes, or Ways, within the said City or Liberties; nor for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to pass or be drawn, within the said City or Liberties, from any Place out of the same, with a greater Number of Hoi fes or other Beads than they are respectively allowed by Law to pars or be drawn with upon the publick Turnpike Roads within the Counties of Gloucester and Somerst; and that the Owner or Owners of every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Wheel Carriage, used in conveying Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or any other Loading whatsoever, within the said City or Liberties, shall cause their Name and Place of Residence respectively to be painted or placed, in legible and plain Characters, upon the Front of such Carriages respectively; and the Owner or Owners of such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, which shall be loaden or drawn contrary to the Direction and Intention of this Act, or shall not be so marked as aforesaid, and being thereof convicted, either upon his, her, or their own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more Witness or Witnesses, before the Mayor or any other Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said City, or upon the View of the Mayor or aqy other Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said City, shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings.

XXXVII. Provided nevertheless, That this Act shall not extend to any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, that shall carry any one Stone or Block of Marble, or any single Package, or other Thing, that of Necessity is required to be carried or bawled at one Time.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, for the future, any Goods, Timber, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities, shall be or remain upon any or either of the publick Wharfs, Backs, or Quays, within the said City or Liberties, above the Space of twenty-four Hours, without Licence had from the Mayor and one of the Aldermen of the said City j or if any Person or Persons shall, for the future, place, or cause to be placed, in any Street, Lane, or publick Way, within the said City or Liberties (the fame not being a publick Wharf, Back, or Quay) any Coach, Cart, Dray, Waggon, or other Carriage, other then and except such Carriages as may (land for the immediate loading or unloading thereof, or any Timber, Stones, or any other Materials or Thing which may obstruct or incommode the free raffage through such Street, Lane, or publick Way, or occasion any other Annoyance; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the said Mayor and any one Justice of the Peace of the said City, or any three Justices without the Mayor, upon Oath being made of the Premisses, to cause such Goods, Timber, Wares, Merchandize, Commodities, Carriages, or other Things, to be immediately removed and conveyed to some Pound or other Place within the said City; and in case the Owner or Owners thereof shall not, within the Space of ten Days next after Notice to him, her, or them, thereof given, or if such Owner or Owners, in case he or they is or are not knowa or cannot be found, so as to be conveniently served with such Notice, shall not, within thirty Days after Notice given for that Puroofe in some publick News Papers usually circulated in the said City, pay the Penalty or Penalties he, she, or they, shall be liable to by any of the afore-mentioned Acts,'or any other Law now in Force relating thereto, and such reasonable Costs and Charges as the Gaid Mayor, and any other Justice of the said City, or any three Justices without the Mayor, mall ascertain, for removing, conveying, and detaining, such Timber, Goods, Merchandize, Carriages, or other Things, as aforesaid; that then, and in every such Case, such Timber, Goods, Wares, Commodities, Carriages, or Things, respectively, shall and may, by Order- and under the Direction of the Mayor and one Alderman of the said City, or three Aldermen without the Mayor, be publickly fold for the most that can be got for the same; and the Money arising therefrom, after deducting the Penalty or Penalties, together with the Costs and Charges attending such Sale, and of conveying the same to the Pound or other Place as aforesaid, shall be returned to the Owner or Owners of such Timber, Goods, Wares, Commodities, Carriage, or Thing respectively, on Demand.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any Conviction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against the said former Acts, any or either of them, or this Act, or against any Order of Session, or By-law made in pursuance of the said former Acts, or any or either of them, or this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words, or to the Effect, following; that is to say,

°J9 ?"d to"'?,) 4 D E it remembered. That on this - Day of in the

to mt. j £) year of the Reign of A.B. is convicted before

Elan ire, Mayor, or of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the

fold City and County (as the Case shall require) of having (as the Offence fail

be) and the said doth (or do) adjudge him (her, or them) to pay and forfeit

for the same the Sum of

Given under his Hand and Seal (or their Hands and Seals) the Day and Year aforesaid.

XL. Asd

D- by

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 34. 233

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, for the Penalty on "*r-future, place in, or bring out upon, any Street, Lane, or Passage, within the said City or Liberties, any Goods, Commodities, Provisions, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, from any Shop, Bulk, Cellar, or other Place, and expose the same to Sale in any such Streets, Lanes, or Passages; every such Person sueccs,

shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings: And if the said Penalty be not immediately paid on Demand, it shall and may be lawful for the Mayor, and any one Justice of the said City, to cause the said Goods, Commodities, or other Things, as aforesaid, to be removed, taken, and carried away, and deposited in such Place or Places as the said Mayor or Justice shall direct and appoint, there to remain until the Offender or Offenders shall have paid the said Penalty, and all Charges and Expences attending the carrying away and depositing the same as aforesaid.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any Person No Materia's or Persons to work up any Stone, Timber, or other Materials, upon any Part of the Banks of the said bewo-ked upon River Froome, within the said City or Liberties, or m any Street, Lane, Way, or Passage therein, with- Banks on He

out first obtaining Leave from the Mayor and any one Alderman of the said City, or aly three Aldermen cu

without the Mayor, under their Hands for chat Purpose, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every Offenccr the Sum of twenty Shillings.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sign Irons, Sign Posts, Boards, t»owrr to r*-u-Smiths or Farriers Sheds, projecting or hanging over into any of the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, or Paf- UteSigo*, *c« sages, shall, within three Calendar Months after the passing this Act, be taken down and removed by the Owners of such Signs, Sign Irons, Sign Posts, Boards, and Sheds respectively, or by the respective Tenants or Occupiers of the Houses or other Buildings whereunto they are or shall be placed, hung, or be a Part of, or belong: And if any such Owners or Occupiers shall neglect or refuse so to do, within the Time herein before limited; every such Owner or Occupier shall, for every such Neglect or Refusal, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Week such Projection or Annoyance shall remain after the Time herein before limited: And that for the future all Signs, and Sign Boards, shall be placed or fixed close or flat to the Walls, or on the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings, whereunto they respectively belong, and not otherwise: And if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time hereafter, hang, place, or ered, any Sign, Sign Iron, Sign Post, Board, Shed, or any other Proje&ion,

Obstruction, or Annoyance whatsoever, or cause the same to be done, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act 5 every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Week such Projection, Obstruction, or Annoyance, shall remain.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Spouts and Gutters belonging in* a,ttr to, and which convey Water from, the Tops of the Houses, Warehouses, Balconies, or other Buildings, sP°ut,» *c# 4iredly into the Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages, within the said City or Liberties, shall, within three Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, be removed, and the Water conveyed by Pipes to be brought down by the Sides or Fronts of such Houses, Warehouses, Balconies, or other Buildings, into loose Under-ground Gout, Sewer, Cistern, Reservoir, or to the Ground, at the joint Costs and Charges of the respective Owners and Occupiers thereof; and in case the same shall not be done within the Time aforesaid, the Occupier of every such House, Warehouse, Balcony, or other Building, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings for each and every Week any such Spout or Gutter shall remain, and the Water not conveyed down as aforesaid, after the Time herein before limited; and in all Cales where the Occupiers of any such Houses or Buildings shall have been at any Expence in the Premises, they cnay, and are hereby authorised and impowered, to apply the old Lead or other Materials, or the Produce thereof, towards such Expences; and shall have Power, and are hereby authorised, to deduct one half of the Remainder of such Costs, Charges, and Expences, out of the next Rent due to his or their Landlord or Landlords, who are hereby directed and required to allow the same in such Rent: And in cate any Difference or Dispute shall arise between any such Landlord and Occupier relating to the removing such Spouts and Gutters, and bringing down the Water, in Manner aforesaid, or the Costs and Charges attending the same; it shall be lawful for the Mayor and any one Alderman of the said City, or any three Aid ermen without the Mayor, to inquire into the Matter in Dispute, and, upon Examination of Wit-tieflcs upon Oath, and upon other sufficient Evidence, to settle and determine the same; which Determination shall be final, and binding and conclusive unto and upon all Parties; and that if any Person or Persons shall hereafter erect, or cause to be erected, any Spout or Gutter for conveying Water from any old or new House, Warehouse, Balcony, or other Building, in any Manner contrary to the Directions and true Meaning of this Act as aforesaid, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Week such Spout or Gutter shall remain.

ALIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Chamberlain of the said City Spoun.*c of for the time being, the Treasurer of the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of The H:!y WPllbl,d Bjl rt-Undriidai Trinity of Bristol for the time being, and all and every the tespective Churchwarden or Church-wardens of the several Parish Churches, and the Treasurer of the respective Congregations of the several10, Cfc i^c Meeting Houses, and the Masters of the respective Companies of the several Halls, for the time being, and the Owners and Occupiers of aW other publick Buildings within the said City and Liberties thereof rctpeciively, shall, and they respectively are hereby charged and required to remove all and every the Spmjts and Gutters belonging to, and which convey Water from, the Tops of the said respective publick lkii\din« and Places to which rhev respectively belong, and to convey such Water in Manner herein before directed, under the Penalty of twenty Shillings for each and every Week any such Spout or Ciutter Ch-dl remain, and the Water not conveyed down as aforesaid, after the Time herein before limited, to be

*34 34*

Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

Vpoo Present-

jninoas Condition, Corpo* Ta'iott to order th*m to be ia-closed 3

Cwr*ert to pay U&c Chargei,

forfeited and paid by every Person or Persons so neglecting to remove such Spout or Gutter in Manner

directed by this Act.

XLV. And whereas Houses and Tenements in several Parts of the City of Bristol, and the Liber-»Knt of Houset,c ties thereof, are often, from litigated Titles thereto, or the Obstinacy or Poverty of the Owners or Pro- prietors thereof, or of Parties interested therein, in so ruinous a Condition, that Passengers passing’

- < thereby are in Danger of their Lives, or some bodily Harm, from the falling thereof, or of Bricky c Stones, or Timber, therefrom ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Presentment shall be made by any Inquest or Grand Jury at any General* Quarter Sessions to be held in and for the said City of Bristol, that any House, Houses, or Tenements, in the said City or the Liberties thereof, is, are, or shall be, in such ruinous Condition as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Court of Mayor and Aldermen, and the said Court is hereby required? on Notice ofc any such Presentment being made, and on a Copy thereof being laid before them, to cause, with all cort*-venient Speed then afterwards, a proper and sufficient Hord or Fence to be put up to guard all such ruinous Houses and Tenements from the publick Street; and to cause Notice in Writing to be given..to the Owner or Owners, or other Person or Persons interested therein, if he, she, or they, can be found in the said City of Bristol, or the Liberties thereof, and if not, to cause such Notice in Writing to be left at the said Premisses, to repair the same, or to take down such Buildings, as the Case shall require, within the Space of thirty Days then next ensuing: And if such Owner or Owners? or other Person* or Persons interested in any such House, Houses, or Tenements, shall not repair or take down the same? within the said Space ®f thirty Days after any such Notice as aforesaid shall be given or left as aforesaid; then, on Proof on Oath being made of any such Notice being so given or left, the said Court is hereby authorised and required, with all convenient Speed their afterwards, to order and cause all or so much of such House* v Houses, or Tenements, as are or shall be in such ruinous Condition, and likely to be dangerous to Passengers passing thereby, to be taken down and secured in such Manner as shall, from time to time, bethought requisite; and all the Charges of putting up every such Hord or Fence, and taking down and securing all or so much of such ruinous House, Houses, or Tenements, as shall be necessary to betakferfdown or made secure for the Safety of Passengers passing that Way, shall, from time to time, be paid bytbe Owner or Owners of such House, Houses, or Tenements, if known, and he, she, or they, can be met with within the said City of Bristol, or the Liberties thereof: And if such Owner or Owners shall, oa > Demand thereof, neglect or refuse to pay the same; then such Charges may, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the Mayor and any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said City, or any three Justices without the Mayor, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of such Owner or Owners, if any such can be found in the said City of Bristol: And if no such Ownoror Owners -can be met with in the said City of Bristol, or the Liberties thereof, or sufficient Drftrefe of his, her, or their Goods or Chattles cannot be met with, wherefrom such Costs and Charges may be levied; then, and in every such Case, the Person or Persons who shall at any Time thereafter occupy any such House, Houses, or Tenements, or the Ground whereon the same flood, is and are hereby required and authorised to pay the same, and to deduct the same out of the Rent thereof;, and if he, (he? or thoy? shall neglect or refute to pay such Charges? then the same shall, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any such Justices as aforesaid, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of any such Occupier or Occupiers, in Manner as other Penalties are by this Act directed to be made, together with the Costs ©ft every such Distress and Sale; and the Landlord and Landlords of the Premisses is and are hereby required to allow every such Occupier and Occupiers all such Charges which he, she, or they, shall so pay, or which shall be levied by Distress from him, her, or them, as aforesaid, upon Receipt of the respective.Reat; and every. Occupier paying any such Charges shall be.acquitted and discharged for so much Money as he, she, or they, shall so pay, as if the same had been actually paid to such Person or Persons -to whom his, her, or their Rent should have been due or payable; and such Money* as the same shall, from time to time, be received or levied, shall be paid to the Chamberlain of the said City, and be by-him, from time to time, s placed to the Credit of the Cash of the said City of Bristol, toreimbiiffe the Costs and Charges of making the said Hord or Fence.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Head Builder, Master Car-. penter, Mason, or Workman, shall, in rebuilding, or new-fronting any old Building, situate in or near ^l?tbcStory any Street, Lane, or publick Way, bring the Foundation-thereof forward beyond the old Foundations, r or the ancient Story Posts supporting the Fronts thereof, so as to obstruct or narrow the Passage through the same, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds; and the Owner of such Building shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds for every Month such Obstruction or Encroachment shall remain, by the Foundation-of such Building being brought forwards as aforesaid.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Fronts and Sides of all and every House and Houses, Building and Buildings, that shall be erefled and built, either upon old or new Foundations, in any Place or Places within the said City of Bristol, and Liberties thereof, shall be of Brick or Stone; and if any such new House or Houses, Building or Buildings, shall, from and after the said Time, be erefled and built within the said City, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this \fl, the same is and aFe hereby declared to be a Comrqon Nuisance* and that the Offender or Offender? ». the Premisses shall and may hi proceeded against by Indictment for the erefling or continuing such V 1»fa nee, at the Court of General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said City and C <ity of Bristol; which Court is hereby authorised to have and take Cognizance of* and to punish such Offender or Offenders in<a due Course of Law*.

1 retfailt; mot to project

*»<J to hive "Tarty Walls.

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 34. 235

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Forfeitures or Penal- Applicative 0/ ties shall be incurred, for Offences committed* against the said former Acts or this Act, it shall be lawful for the Mayor and any one Justice of the Peace of the said City, or any three Justices without the Mayor, upon Complaint or Information exhibited before them respectively, to summon the Party or Parties accjufed; and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oaths the said Mayor and Justices respectively have hereby Power to administer) to give Judgement or Sentence thereupon, and to award and issue out Warrants under their Hands and Seals respectively, for the levying of such Forfeitures and Penalties as are by this Act imposed upon the Goods and Chattles of such Person or Persons, and^ to cause Sale to be made of such Goods and Chattles if they shall not be redeemed within five Days, rendering to such Person or Persons the Overplus (if any be) 5 and the Monies from time to time arifiny by such Penalties and Forfeitures, shall be paid and applied in Aid or Diminution of ttye Rates or Assessments made by virtue of this or any of the before-recited Acts, for the pitching, paving, cleansing, enlightening, or watching, of the Streets of such Parish, Ward, or Precinct, wherein the Offence shall be committed, in such Manner as the Mayor and any one Alderman of the said City, or any three Aldermen without the Mayor, shall, from time to time, direct and appoint.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That no Order which shall be made by the said Mayor, or any other Order* not t# Justice or Justices of the Peace, determined by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, or any other Proceedings to be had quaJ?*d foc touching the Conviction or Convictions of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed or want0*Form* vacated for want of Form only; or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process nor removeable whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Records at Westminster. Certl0Mn*

L. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person* *g-Person or Persons shall think himself or themselves aggrieved by any Judgement, Order, or Proceedings. m*r of any Mayor and Justice or Justices of the Peace, which shall be made or had under this Act; it shall *pp*1 *2^!

and may be lawful for such Person or Persons to appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at the next General cr, om*:

Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said City and County of the same, who are hereby impowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and to hear and finally determine every such Appeal and Appeals; and shall award to the Party or Parties, for whom Judgement shall be given on every or any such Appeal, such Costs as to the Court shall appear reasonable.

Li. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Pentltie* may the said Mayor and Justice or Justices, from time to time, to mitigate, compound, or lessen, any of the t* mitigated. Forfeitures incurred under this Act, (o as such Mitigation do not extend to remit above one Moiety or Half'part of the said Forfeitures respectively.

LII. And f>e k further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of the said recited Act*oat«

Acts, or this present Act; then, and in every such Case, the Action or Suit shall be brought within six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and shall belaid in the City of Bristol* and not elsewhere: And the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit so to be brought, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the said recited Acts, or this present Act, as the Case shall require, and the Garni Mae. Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon 5 and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue hrs, her, or their Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, or if upon Demurrer,

Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants shall or may Treble Cost«; have in any Cases by Law.

LIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be allowed in all Courts publick AJfc whatsoever, as a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons* are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

First SCHEDULE*

To which'this Act refers.

To open the Passage through Lowforis Gate. Seven Houses on the South Side thereof, now or fate in the Possession of Simon Wejfon, Samuel Potter* Robert Read* John Davis* and Samuel Fuller, respectively; and on the North Side of the said Passage, three Houses in the Possession of George Davis* John Aiding* and William Gayner* respectively.

In Key Lane, and Part of Christmas Street A House in the Occupation of Francis Prime* Wine Merchant; and a small Tenement adjoining, in the Possession of Charles Bowen* Labourer.

Castle Srreet. A House in the Occupation of Edward Stone* Tinman.

Baldwin Street. Eleven old Houses, and a Brewhouse, on the South Side thereof, extending to Back Street* nowin Possession ofjames Pariy* Samuel Hughes* Man Williams* Rebecca George* Stephen Cumley*

?ohn Carter, Martha Morris* William Robertson* William Walters* Sarah Hern* Just in Sellard* and Mr.

itzgerald* respectively; and likewise a Tenement on the South Side of Back Street* next to Baldwin Street* in the Occupation of John Cooper.

Silver Street. Two old Houses next to Lewins Mead* in the Tenure or Possession of Joseph Bagg* Butcher, and Ann Arnold* Widow; and likewise two small Tenements in Lewin's Mead aforesaid, in the several Occupations of Robo t Tucker9 Labourer, and Mary Price* Widow.

H h 1 SmaM

236 C. 34. Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

Small Street Gate A House in the Occupation of Joseph Flower r on the West Side thereof, and a House in the Occupation of Thomas Barrow, on the East Side of the said Gate, together with a Flight of Steps belonging to, or occupied by, the said Joseph Flower.

Wine Street. An old Tenement adjoining to the Gaol of Newgate, in the Occupation of Thomas Griffin; two small Pieces of Ground adjoining, in the Occupation of Thomas Lucas; two ruinous old Tenements in the several Occupations of Gabriel Lockyer, and Francis Style; and Part of a Yard behind the last mentioned Tenement, containing in Breadth fourteen Feet, and in Depth, backwards towards the River, thirty Feet; and all the old Houses now or late in the Feveral Occupations of Peter Norton, Abra-bamfiranger, John Williams, Joseph Hulbert, and John Gittoe, extending from a Tenement in the Occupation of Robert Bitton, into Checquer-Lane, in the said Street; and likewise three Houses next Dolphin Lane, in the Possession of Robert Belli John Evans, and Robert Bitton, respectivehr.

Shambles. All the Ifpufes and Buildings on the North Side of the said Shambles^ extending from the lower End of High Street to Bull Lane; and also the Out-buildings lying between the North Side of the said Shambles, and the back Part of the Houses in Mary Port Street j and likewise all the Houses on both Sides of Bull Lane.

Peter Street. Two Houses next to Bull Lane, now or late in the several Occupations of James Williams and Joseph Hill; one House on the North Side of the said Street next Dolphin Lane, in the Occupation of the said James Williams.

Temple Street. Three Houses next to Tucker Street, and three House9 in Tucker Street adjoining, now or late in the several Post'essions of William Ashcroft, John Bell, William Courtly, John Rofewell, John ShorewayY and Mary Hill.

Lime Kiln Lane, or Cow Lane. So much of a Garden, extending from College Green to the said Lane, belonging to and occupied by Charles Smith, Merchant, as shall contain in Breadth at the South Eait End seven Feet, and at the North West End fourteen Feet, and not to exceed the Length of Seventy-nine Feet; lo much of a Garden or Gardens situate on the South Side of the said Lanes, in the Occupation of James Philips, Gardener; and also so much of another Garden next adjoining in the Occupation of William Child, Glass-maker, so as the said Lane, next to the said Gardens, may be there widened and enlarged twenty Feet more than at present; and also so much of a Piece of Ground in the Occupation of William Joiner, Shipwright, ranging along the said Lane towards the Hott Well Road, that the Way there may be widened thirty Feet more than at present*

Second SCHEDULE*

To which this Act refers*

To open and lay out a new Street, forty Feet wide, from Dolphin Lane, into Broad Mead\

Three Houses in Wine Street, in the several Possessions of John Barlow, Joseph Hawk/well, and Richard Herring; and also nine old Tenements in a certain Place called The New Buildings, behind the said last mentioned three Houses, in the several Occupations of Charles Whitt, Thomas Grants John James, Charles Getting, Thomas Walters, Jane King, Reece Price, Margaret Morgan, and Daniel Refs; Part of a Ware-house or Workshop, and Yard, behind Saint James's Back, in the Possession of Richard Beverstone Soap-boiler; a Court of three old Tenements near to the said Warehouse of Richard Beverstone, and now or late in the several Occupations of Margaret Sweeting, John Gwillam, and Joshua Patfield; and five ruinous Houses in Broad Mead, nearly opposite to the Lamb Inn, and now or late in the Possession of Joseph Cafllc, George Andrews, Thomas Davies, John Davies, and John Fowler respectively*

To lay open and make a new Street* thirty Feet wide at the least, from the lower End of Cam Street, through Part of Marsh Street, to the Key, nearly opposite to the Draw Bridge;

Three Houses or Tenements in Baldwin Street, near Saint Leonard's Church, in the several Occupations of Jacob Strickland, Daniel Hicks, and James Bctham; thirteen old Houses or Tenements on the South Side of Marsh Street, extending from the said Church, to nearly opposite Swan Lane, in the several Occupations of Elizabeth Smith, Sarah Hurditch, Richard Page, Anna Finer, John Smith, Hester Mackey, Catharine Mah any, Joseph Ueuuellin, and others; Thomas Hailstone, John Roach, Edward Grumley, Francis Baugh, and William Franks; and two Cellars and Back Buildings in the Occupation of Joseph Llcwellirr, and a Tenement called The Joiner's Hall, in the Occupation of Thomas Owen; fourteen Houses or Tenements on the North Side of Marsh Street, extending from Springer's Entry, to Swart Lane aforesaid, in the several Occupations of William Barrow, John Donovan, and others; John Proffer, John Lewis, Thoms Williams, William Thrall, Hannah Walters, Barnaby Dwyer, John White, Patrick Baldwin, William Lowe, Thomas Day, Alexander Dixon, and John Evelyn, and one Back Tenement in the Occupation of Jama Day, and others y ten ruinous Houses or Tenements, with several Cellars thereto belonging, in Rose Lamy bow or late in the several Occupations of Jane Walters, Richard Whittington, John Gardener, Matthew Murphy Taylor, Matthew Murphy Mariner, Alexander Gray, John Morgan, John Humphries, Mr. Olivers, and William Cox\ fix Houses or Tenements on the Key, now or late in the several Occupations of John White, George Pigg, George Bennifon, John Holbrook, Ridwrd Roth Jones* and James Williams; and

four

8

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 35. 237

four Houses or Tenements in Swan Lane aforesaid, in the several Occupations of Joseph Gregory, Edward Swanfiury, William Gibbons, and Sarah HillhalL

To widen Halliers Lane, and makea new Street from thenceinto Broad Mead, thirty Feet wide at the least;

Two Houses in Christmas Street, in the several Occupations of Abraham Brozvn and Ro%er Proffer; a small Part of a Warehouse behind the last mentioned Houses, in the Occupation of Joseph Parrel and Company; seven old Houses or Tenements on the North Side of Halliers Lane aforesaid, in the several Occupations of Jane Trefcott, William Watts, Matthew Summers, and others, Ann Stallaway, James Parry, and Martin Lawrence, and a Stable in the Occupation of 0 nefiph or us Norman \ fourteen old Houses or Tenements on the South Side of the said Lane, now or late in the several Occupations of Robert Doiuuers,

Thomas Samuel, Mary Davies, Henry Jones, Abraham Leach, Robert Cook, William Poivell, Thomas James,

Isaac Lewis, Cadogan Keen, Sarah Hams, Mary Manderville, Mary Bennett, and Clarke, and others p

a Yard in the Occupation of the said Onesiphorus Norman; a Stable in the Occupation of Brice-, and Part of a Stable and Warehouse in the Occupation of George Dawbeny and Company \ three Houses and a Stable in or near the South Side of the said Lane, in the several Occupations of George Powell, Rebecca Bright, and James Cadwallader; one House in Bridewell Lane j and old Warehouses extending from thence towards NeedleJs Bridge, in the Occupation of William Andrews; and an old House adjoining to the last mentioned Warehouses, late in the Occupation of John Townly; one old House, two Stables, two Ware* houses, and a Shop, extending from All Saints Aimftioufe, towards NeedleJs Bridge, in the several Occupations of Elizabeth Baxter, Edward Gravenor, William Brown, James Cadwallador, Abraham Blatcblcy, and William Edmunds; Part of a Piece of void Ground, now in the Possession of Morgan Smith Esquire and Company, behind the last mentioned Premisses 5 and Part of another Piece of Ground, known by the Name of The Old Bowling Green, and adjoining to the said last mentioned Ground; one ruinous Warehouse or Workshop in or near Duck Lane, late in the Occupation of Robert Harvey, and one House and Stable adjoining, in the Occupation of Hannah Thomtfon\ two old Houses and a Stable, between Duck Lane and NeedleJs Bridge, in the several Occupations of Jacob Bowker, Hannah Thomffon, and Simon Bakery and four old Houses on Saint James's Back, fronting Broad Mead, in the several Occupations of Daniel Scammellj John Ryan, John Morris, and Jacob Williams.

Also, to open a Way to a new intended Square in the Parish of Saint James;

A House situate in Stokes Croft, belonging to Lydiatt, now in the joint Possession of

Broom and Thornhill, bounded on one Side by a House in the Possession of Symonds,

and on the other, by a Garden late in the Possession of William Barnes Esquire 5 likewise a House in Milk Street, belonging to William Owen Grocer, in the Possession of William Sperring, bounded on one Side by a House in the roueifion of Evans Carpenter, and on the other by a Road leading to an intended

Square#

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to continue an Act made in the thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King George

the Second, for continuing, amending, explaining, and making more effectual, an Act sscei>.a. c.sfir made in the nineteenth Year of his said Majesty, more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of 7 Geo. j. c.»* Westminster, and other Places therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Laws herein after-mentioned, which have, by Experience, been- found useful and

beneficial, are near expiring :* May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the TCingrs most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act made in the nineteenth Year of his late Majesty King Sc much of George the Second, intituled, An Act more effectuariy to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in 35*

the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberties of Westminster, zn& that Part of the Duchy

of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le fi<w,.and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex, which was to continue in Force from the twenty-fourth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and forty-six, for three Years; and which, by three subsequent Acts made in the twenty-third, twenty-sixth, and thirty-second Years of his said Majesty, was further continued to the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, and from thence to the end of the then next Session or Parliament; as was not altered as wu not alters by an Act made in the thirty-second Year of his said Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing, amend- by Act 3a 4 ing» explaining, and making more effectual, an Act made in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Geo.

Reign, intituled, An Act more effectualh to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining*

thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex and also the said last mentioned Ai'cn-

Act > which were to continue in Force to the said twenty-fourth of June, one thousand seven hundred and ^cnc"d "art

sixty-

238 C. 36, 37. Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

further fonti- sixty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same are rued to M June, hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand ,f*0, seven hundred and eighty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXXVI.

secc. 48 9 Geo. An Act for encouraging the Cultivation, and for the better Preservation, of Trees, Roots, Geo. ' Plants, and Shrubs.

Preamble, c fT WHEREAS divers Persons have, of late Years, wilfully and maliciously cut down, barked, or otherwise destroyed, Timber Trees, and Trees Handing for, and likely to become. Timber, growing as well in the several Forests, Chafes, and other open Grounds, as in the Woods, and Plants- tions, and inclosed Grounds, within this Kingdom; to the great Detriment of the Owners of such Trees, and to the Discouragement of Planting in general, so beneficial to Great Britain: And whereas the Dif- position of Nursery Men to Improvements in Planting and Gardening, through Great Britain, is also of great Use to the Publick; and many Nursery Men, Gardeners, and others, have collected and cultivated, at great Expence, Roots, Shrubs, and Plants, of every Country, and imported, cultivated, and exported, great Quantities thereof, and do thereby support themselves and many others of his Majesty's Subjects: And whereas many evil-disposed Persons, well knowing the Value of such Roots, Shrubs, and Plants, have, of late Years, frequently entered into Ncrferies, Gardens, and other inclosed Grounds in general, and of the Nursery Men and Gardeners in particular, and have dug Op, taken, or carried away, out of such Nurseries, Gardens, and Grounds, Roots, Shrubs, and Plants, and likewise destroyed others on the Spot, to a very considerable Value :f Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Penalty on cut- Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the second Day of June, ting down, spoil-one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, all and every Person and Persons who shall, in the Night time, ing, carrying fop^ cut down, break, throw down, bark, burn, or otherwise spoil or destroy, or carry away, aryr nIrhr-time1 Oak, Reach, Act, Elm, Fir, Chesnut, or Afp, Timber Tree, or other Tree or Trees (landing for Tim-

jQ.\k or other her, or likely to become Timber, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners thereof first had and *1 imber Tree*; obtained; or shall, in the Night-time, ipluck up, dig up, break, spoil, or destroy, or carry away, any ^iRootf#Shrubs, Root, Shrub, or Plant, Roots, Shrubs, or Plants, of the Value of five Shillings, and which shall be or Plant*,of 5 s. growing, Handing, or being, in the Garden Ground, Nursery Ground, or other inclosed Ground, of any ^ardeli/Vur- Person or Persons whomsoever, shall be deemed and construed to be guilty of Felony; and every such Per-Tcr), or inclosed (on or Persons shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Cyoundj i§ Court, by and before whom, such Person or Persons shall be tried, stall, and hereby have Authority to

Felony. transport such Person or Persons, for the Space of seven Years, to any of his Majesty's Plantations in Court impower- ^mer\ca^ in ]ilce Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this the^Offender for R®alui: And all and every Person and Persons who shall be wilfully aiding, abetting, or assisting, in such /even Years s cutting down, breaking, throwing down, backing, burning, or otherwise spoiling or destroying, or carrying The Aiders and away, any such Oak, Beach, Alh, Elm, Fir, Chesnut, or Afp, Timber Tree, or other Tree or Trees Ahettorstherein,^standing for Timber, or likely to^become Timber, as aforesaid; or in such plucking up, digging up, cutting, nd^ons-wh0 breaking, spoiling, or destroying, or carrying away, such Root, Shrub, or Plant, Roots, Shrubs, or Planrs, ^eieiveftlfh* as aforesaid, of the Value aforesaid; or who shall buy or receive such Root, Shrub, or Plant, Roots, iu«ts, Shrubs, Shrubs, or Plants, of the Value aforesaid, knowing the same to be stolen; stall be subject and liable to the or plants, know* fame Punishment, as if he, she, or they, had stolen the same; any Law to the contrary in any wise noting the fiune ^withstanding.

to be stolen, arc

Liahlt to like Punishment, as if ih^ had stolen the fane*

CAP. XXXVII.

jtf<An. c,ji. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the fourth Year of of his present Majesty's Reign, for the better regulating of Buildings, and to prevent r.tj. " _Mischiefs that may happen by Fire, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other Place* therein mentioned.

JVamMc, re* \\7 WHEREAS so much of the Act passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

ciring cbtifes in< y V jesty King George the Third, intituled, In ASI for the better regulating of Buildings, and to pre*

Act Gco 3* 4 vent Mischiefs that may happen by Fire, within the IVeehly Bills of Mortality, and other Places therein men-

144 4 tioned, as relates to pulling down or rebuilding of Partitions or Party Walls between House and House,

cnafts. That so much of the Act of Parliament made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, as relates to Party Walls within the said City and Liberty of Westminster,

or any rarish, Precmft, or Place, comprized within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within the several Parishes of Saint Mary le Bon and Paddington, or within the Parishes of Chelsea and Saint Paneras, or either of them, in the County of Middlesex (except the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and also except the Party Walls of Houses on the River of Thames below Bridge) should, from and after # ? the passing <of the said Act of the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, extend, and be

construed

*39

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Gbough III.

C. 37.

construed, deemed, afld taken to extend, to all Cases whatsoever within the said City and Liberty of

Westminster^ and the several Parfthes, Precincts, and Limits aforesaid, where it is or should be necessary to pull down and rebuild any Party Wall, whether either of the adjoining Houses should or should not 4 be, or require to be rebuilt, or new built: And that from and after the passing of the said last mentioned A dr, in case the major Part of the Workmen appointed in Manner prescribed by the said Act,

made and passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, to view the c Party Wall of any House or Houses, within the said City of Westminster, and the several Parishes, Pre- cinfts, and Limits aforesaid, intended to be pulled down, should not, within the Space of one Calendar

Month next after such Appointment, sign a Certificate in Writing as by the said last mentioned Act is

required; then, and in every such Case, it should and might be lawful to or for any two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City or County, residing within or near the Parish, Liberty,

or Precinct, where the House or Houses, having such Party Wall or Walls intended to be pulled down*

* should Hand; and such two or more Justices were thereby authorised and required, upon such Appli-r cation to them for that Purpose made by the Owner or Occupier of either of the Houses between which the Party Wall so proposed to be pulled down should be, to name and appoint one other able

Workman to be added to the Workmen appointed by virtue or in pursuance of the said Act of the eleventh of George the First; and the Workmen so appointed by virtue and in pursuance of the said last <l mentioned Act, and of the said Act of the fourth of his present Majesty, or the major Part of them,

who should meet for that Purpose (ten Days Notice having been given to, or left at the Dwelling- house of each and every of them, of such intended Meeting) should view the Party Wall so proposed 4 to be pulled down: And in case the major Part of such Workmen should certify in Writing, under their Hands, that such Party Wall was defective and bad, and ought to be pulled down,; then, and in 4v such Case, it should and might be lawful to and for the Owner or Occupier of either of the said act-

joining Houses, to cause such Party Wall to be pulled down and rebuilt; and he or she should have such Remedy for recovering a Moiety of the Expences thereof, as in and by the said Act of the eleventh ‘ Year of his late Majesty i^wg George the First, was given or provided; subject nevertheless to such Appeal to, and Determination by, the Justices of the Peace, as by the same Act was directed: And whereas, notwithstanding the Directions of the said recited Acts, touching the pulling.down ruinous,

' <4bad, and defective Party Walls, wilful and litigious Persons may endeavour to prevent the same being done, by opposing the Entry of the first Builder into the House which adjoins to such Party Wall, in order to the (horing up the same, for the Purpose of taking down the said Party. Wall be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual: and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing.of this Act, when the major Part of such Workmen shall have certified Whervupoa*

in Writing under their Hands, as aforesaid, that the Party Wall of any House or Houses within the said CoPT of

City.and Liberty of Westminster, and the several Parishes, Precincts, and Limits aforesaid, is defective and Cth*t a bad, and ought to be pulled down; then, and in every such Case, if any Owner or Occupier of either of Part/ w>i) it, the Houses adjoining to such Party Wall shall, upon Notice given of such Certificate as aforesaid, by dc/eaivr, «od delivering to him or ner a Copy thereof, or leaving the same, at the Place of his or her Abode, refuseouehttobcpji!- Admittance to any Builder or Guilders, his and their Servants or Workmen, or other Persons employed to (bore up such Houses, or to pull down such Party Wall; then, upon Oath made by such Builder or into

Builders, his and their Servants or Workmen, or other Persons employed for the Purposes aforesaid, of the adjoining the Service of the Copy of such Certificate in Manner aforesaid, and of such Refusal before one or more Homes, to store Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County, City, or Liberty, it shall and may be lawful for such UP the rame» Justice or Justices before whom such Oath or Oaths shall be made, and they are hereby required, by rant or Warrants under his or their Hands and Seals, to authorize and impower such Builder or Builders, the juAice*be-ins and their Servants or Workmen* or other Persons, in the Presence of a Constable or other Officer fore whom Com--of the Peace, at any Time after the End of fourteen Days after a true Copy of the said Warrant shall be pkint of such left at the House in which such Shoring is intended to be, between the Hours of Eight in the Morning and Re^ufal A*11 be Four in the Afternoon, to enter into and upon the House adjoining to such Party Wall, for the Purpose of (boring up, such House, and pulling down such Party Wall; and if the outer Door of such House Entry* Sk,

shall be (hut, and the Owner or Occupier thereof, or other Person therein, shall refuse to open the (am*, being thereunto demanded, to break open such outdr Door, and remove any Goods, Furniture, Shelves, or other Matter or Thine whatsoever, which shall obstruct the Execution of the said Works respectively; and from and after such Entry as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Builder or Builders, their Servants or Workmen, or other Persons employed by them, from time to time, to rc enter into and ^ntmerand* upon the said Premisses, and abide therein* the usual Times of Work, for the shoring up the said Haute, proved in the and taking down such Party Wall, and rebuilding the same; And if any such Owner or Occupier, or Kxecuiion or other Person or Persons, shall in any Manner obstruct or hinder the Execution of the said Works; every tucir WoTkf such Owner or Occupier, or other Person or Persons, so offending, shall, for every such Offence respect °[j0*°

lively, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds; to be recovered and levied in like Mariner as the Penalties are to r ltt* fm* he recovered and levjfd by the said recited Act of the fourth Year of his present Majesty.

II. Provided always nevertheless. That no Builder or Builders, or hit or their Workmen, Servants, or v what Cases Agents, or other Persons, employed to build such Party Wall, or to (bore up such House, shall make any- try nat Entry by virtue of any such Warrant from any Justice of the Pe. ce as aforesaid, unless some General or bc mad' bT

8uarter Session of the Peace for the County, City, or Liberty, ha h happened, after such Certificate and wr*[,loc* otice thereoT, ten Days at the lealt before the ligning such Warrant by such Justice of the Peace; nor in *CT*° * case any such Certificate shall have been quashed at such General or Quarter Session-.

_ € ITT A-.1

« IIL And.

4-6 C. 37. Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

clausesin Aa 4

III. And whereas by the said Act of the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, it is Ueo. 3. c. 14.« enacted, That from and after the three Calendar Months therein mentioned, no Timbers except the * Timbers of the Girders and binding Joists, and the Templets under the same, shall be laid into the Party Walls erected or built within the said City or Liberty of Westminster, and the Parishes, Precincts,

and Limits aforesaid; and that no Timber of the Roof be laid into such Party Walls, except the Pur- loins or Kerb thereof; and that the Ends of Girders and binding Joists, lying within such Party Walls,

shall not exceed nine Inches; and that none of the Ends of the Girders or binding Joists in adjoining Houses shall meet or be laid opposite to each other; and that the Sides thereof shall be at least four- teen Inches distance from each other; and that there shall be nine Inches of solid Brick Work left at

or between the Ends of all Lentils, Wall-plates, and bond Timbers, which mayor shall be laid in or upon the Walls of the Fore and Back Fronts of all Houses which shall adjoin to each other: And 4-whereas it is found by Experience, that the several Rules, Regulations, and Directions, hereinbefore recited, are inconvenient, and no Means of preventing the spreading of Fire be it therefore enacted and

Rfc’uVirtw te declared by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Timbers, except the W oWvedwith the Timbers of the Girders, binding Joists, and the Templets under the same, and necessary bond Tim-rrpeft to laying bers, shall be laid into the Party Walls erected or built, according to the Directions of the said recited r \v IT? Act of f°urth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, within the said City or Liberty of Westminster, *r,y s* and the Parishes, Precincts, and Limits aforesaid; and that no Timbers of the Roof be laid into such Party Walls, except the Purloins or Kerb thereof; and that the Ends of Girders and binding Joists, lying within such Party Walls, shall not exceed nine Inches; and that none of the Ends of the Girders, or binding Toifts, in adjoining Houses, shall meet, or be laid opposite to each other; and that the Sides thereof shall be at least nine Inches distant from each other; and that there shall be nine Inches at the least Of solid Brick ’ Work at or between the Ends and Sides of all bond Timbers; any Law, Statute, Custom. or Usage, to the Penalty on contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: And that if any Head Builder, Master Bricklayer, or Work-Btiiider, See. not man, shall offend contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this present Act, he shall be liable to all the complying wnh p^aities contained and comprized in the said recited Act of the fourth Year of his present Majesty, to be l*n*x 4" sued for and recovered in Manner in the said Act mentioned and declared.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after any House or other Building is erected, any Person who shall build next adjoining thereto, and makeufeof the Party Wall thereof, for laying in the Timbers, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, shall pay to the Person or Persons who hath the Property in such Wall, one half of the Value of such Wall, or of so much thereof as such Person, who shall build next adjoining thereto, shall make use of, according to such Price for each Rod thereof, as shall beeftimated and determined by two indifferent Persons, one to be chosen by each Party; and ip case they differ in Opinion thereabout, then the same to be referred to one indifferent Person, to be chosen by such Arbitrators; and which Value, when so estimated and determined, shall be recovered and recoverable in like Manner as the Price of Party Walls is directed to be recovered by the said recited Act of the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

V. And whereas by the said recited Act of the fourth Year of his present Majesty, a Penalty of fifty Pounds is inflicted upon the Head Builder, Master Bricklayer, or Workmen, who should nevleft to build every House thereafter to be built, according to the Direction of the said recited Act, one Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish wherein such Building shall be erected; such Penalty and Penalties to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster: And whereas, since the patting of the said recited Act, there has been a very great Increase of Buildings within the Limits aforesaid; and many of the Hftufes so built, are not in every Respect built according to the Directions of the said recited Act; whereby the several Owners and Head Builders thereof have incurred the said Penalties, and several Person are informed against, and now under Prosecution for the same: And whereas, after Conviction of Persons for the said Offence, and Payment of the Penalties inflicted by the said Act, the Parties so offending may nevertheless suffer the Defects in such Houses to remain, instead amending

the fame, and thereby in great Measure frustrate the Intent proposed by the said Act, for preventing Mischiefs from Fire: And whereas the said first Owners, Head Builders, or Workmen, of such Houses so irregularly builr, are willing and desirous to make good the said Defects, whereby the Intent of the said >\cl would be fully answered, provided they may be exempted from the Penalties already incurred thereby belt therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Bill, Plainr, Suit, or Information, is and are now depending in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or before any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, against any such first Owner, Head Builder, or Workman, for not having built such House or Houses conformable to the Directions of the said recited Act; it shall and may be lawful for the Court where the same shall be respectively brought, and such Court is hereby reauthorized, and impowered, on the Application of such Defendant, or Defendants, to makea

Provision, with respect to a Compensation for making use Party Wall# by adjoining House*,

Clause in Act Geo. 3. c. 14

CUufe for ex* einpiing, »>j>on ce>ta n Condition*, fi.ft Owners an 1 cth-rs from the

Penalties incur- CJU1TC.

rci, for not iw*v- Rule for the Plaintiff or Informer, in such Action, Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, to set forth the paring built c- n ticular Defect or Irregularity complained of in the building such House or Houses; and if such Defendant or ndants shall thereupon enter into an Agreement for making good the Irregularities and Defects fa rcc?tedA*doi'*4C complahied of, and rendering the building of such Houses conformable to the Direction of the said recited

Ct

J* 3*

Act, within a certain Time to be specified in such Agreement, and shall be desirous that such Agreement should be made a Rule of any of his Majesty's Courts of Record; that then, such Agreement being so made, shall and may, upon producing an Affidavit of the Execution thereof by the Witnesses thereunto, or any of them, in the Court of which the same is agreed to be made a Rule, and reading and filing the said Affidavit in Court, be entered of Record in such Court; and a Rule shall thereupon be made by such Court, that such Defendant or Defendants shall, within a certain Time to be limited specified in such

Rule,

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 37; 241

Rule, make good the Defers and Irregularities complained of, and render the building of such House or Houses conformable to the Direction of the said recited Act; and that such Defendant or Defendants shall moreover pay such Cods as the said Court shall diced and award and also it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom any Information or Informations as aforesaid is or are now depending, and such Justice and Justices of the Peace are hereby required, authorised, and impowered, on the Application of any first Owner, Head Builder, or Workman, against whom such Information or Informations shall be given and laid, to accept and receive such Agreement to make good the Defects and Irregularities complained of, and to render the buildings of such Houses conformable to the Directions of the said recited Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for, and such Court ^nrorm# and Justices of the Peace is and are hereby required,.authorised, and impowered, on such first Owner,

Head Builder, or Workman, making appear to them respectively, that the Defects and Irregularities com- Act, U*°ndthe plained of are made good, and the Building of such House or Houses rendered conformable to the Direc- DefJa* com-tion of the said recited Act, according to his or their Agreement entered into for that Purpose, to indemni- pl*ined of being fy, free, and discharge, every such Defendant and Defendants, of, from, and against, all Penalties and s00*1* Forfeitures incurred or to be incurred for or by reason of not having originally built such Party Walls, pur- £om

suant to the Directions of the said Act, or for or by reason of any other Defect or Irregularity, whereby Peaaitie*, such Houses are otherwise built, than pinfuant to Rich Directions; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed Thia to extend, to indemnify any Person against whom final Judgement shall have been given in any Action ofdemnifi«tion of Debt, Bill, PJaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, for any Penalty incurred t>y person«, again* having neglected to make such Party Walls, or, ill any other Respect, to build such Houses pursuant to whom final the Directions of the said Act of the fourth Year of his present Majesty. ju<%enwnth»«

already been given,

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Head Builder or Matter From and aftet

Bricklayer shall, from and after the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixtyfix, erect dr Jun*» build, or cause to be erected and built, any House or Houses.within the said City or Liberty of Westminster^ aaint coo-

and the Parishes, Precincts, and Limits aforesaid, contrary to the Directions of the said recited Act, or oftnry to the DU this present Act; then every such Head Builder or Matter Bricklayer shall not only pay the Penalties regions of the whereof he or they shall be convicted, but also shall, within the Space of six Months next after his or their former or present being convicted of such Offence in manner by the said recited Act prescribed, make good all such Defects *re mtdd and irregularities whereof he or they shall have been so convicted, and render the building of such House Jo the Pena hie* or Houses conformable to the Directions of the said recited Act, or of this present Act: And in case such incurred, but t« Head Builder or Matter Bricklayer, shall not, within six Months after such Conviction, have made good puke good the such Defects and Irregularities, and rendered the building of such Houses conformable to the Directions of Dcfea* *nd ,r* the said recited Act, or of this present Act; then, every such Head Builder, Matter Bricklayer, or Work-"*11*61 man, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be applied as aforesaid, and to be likewise levied and reco-£ ^.

vered in Manner as by the said recited Act is directed, and so toties quoties, for every six Months that such «nd if they e*. Defects and Irregularities shall continue, and such House or Houses remain built otherwise than conform- f«ed a limited able to the Directions of the said recited Act, or of this present Act. Time info doing,

they forfeit moreover 501. &c.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Workman or Servant to Rich Workman tak-Head Builder or Matter Bricklayer, shall wilfully, carelessly, or negligently* and without the Direction, Io*acontra*y to Privity, or Consent of such Head Builder or Matter Bricklayer, do any thing toward the building of such the Directiomof House or Houses, contrary to the Directions of the said recited Act, or of this present Act, every such the recited or Workman or Servant so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, to be paid Prcrcnt

to the Informer; and if the same shall not be paid immediately upon his being convicted of such Offencefcrfcil# S1*

before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peaee for the said County of Middlesex^ or for the City and

Liberty of Westminster^ upon the Oath of one or more credible Wimefs or Witnesses (which Oath such

Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered to administer) or upon his own Confession; then the Of- and of not forth*

fender shall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices, be committed to the House wish Paid* hc

of Correction, for the Space of three Months, without Bail or Mainprize, unless the said Penalty shall be

fboner paid. or 3 on s.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action shall be brought, or Limitation* Suit commenced, or Information given to any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County A^,on*and of Middlesex, or City or Liberty of Westminster, against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done by any

first Owner, Head Builder, or Head Workman, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Owersaad Acts passed in the sixth and seventh Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and in the eleventh Builder*.

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, on of this Act, such Action, Suit, or Information shall be laid or brought within three Months next after the Fast done,.and not afterwards.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action shall be brought, or Suit Limitauvn of

commenced, against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of the said recited Act of the Atfionsigiinft fourth Year of his present Majesty, or of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought within fix ^eia

Months next after the Fast done, and not afterwards; and shall be laid or brought in the County of Place pUJfu^Ce°oT where the Fast was committed, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action may act 4Ceg. 3.

24.2 C. 38. Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

Ceucrii I flue, plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any Action or Suit shall not be brought within the Time before limited, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or fufftr a Discontinu-’ ance of his or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the said Defendant or Defend-

T.eblc Costs. ants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs in any other Cases by Law.

[Publick Act.]

XII. And it is hereby further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick Act;

and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and all other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXVIII.

see 21 Geo. 1. An Act for repealing the several Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights; and for grant-

7 Geo. j. c. 33. ing to his Majesty other Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights.

J

Most Gracious Sovereign,

Act 20 Geo. 2. c. 3.

Act 31 Geo. 2. c. 21.

Act 2 Geo. 3. c. 8.

Preamble, WHEREAS several Rates and Duties were granted upon Houses, and Windows, or Lights, by an Act of Parliament made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights \ anl for granting to his Majesty several other Rates and Duties upon Houses Windows, or Lights; and for raising the

- " ’ ’ the said Rates or Duties; and

city, intituled, An Act for _ _ upon Houses, and upon Ivin-

~dczvs, or Lights; and for raising the Sum of five millions, by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the fail Rates and Duties: And whereas several further Rates and Duties were granted upon Windows, or Lights, by another Act made in Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Windows, or Lights: And whereas the said Rates and Duties. 1 do not bear in many Respects a proper Proportion to each other, and the Payment thereof hath been greatly evaded, we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, do therefore think it will be for the Advantage of the Public, to repeal the present Rates and Duties upon Houses, and Windows, or Lights; and to grant unto your Majesty the several new Rates and Duties herein after mentioned, to be applied as well to the Uses and Purposes which the said Rates and Duties formerly granted are now applicable unto, as to make good to the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund the Payment of any Annuities which shall be granted, in this present Session of Parliament, towards raising the Supply for the Service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty- fix, and charged upon such Fund and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords from and after Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the 10 October, fame, That from and after the tenth Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-rfix, all the 1766, the Rates Rates and Duties upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, granted by the said three several Acts of granted by the Parliament, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid, or payable; except only such Monies as shall recited Acts aie have become due in respect of the said Rates and Duties assessed at any Time on or before the said (^Arrears tenth Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty*fix, and which shall be in arrear and1

thereof excepted) unpaid.

2nd in lieu

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said tenth Day*

thereof the fol- Gf October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, there shall be charged, raised, levied, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several and respective Rates and Duties upon Houses, and upon Windows, or Lights, herein aftermentioned; that is to say,

For every Dwelling-house inhabited, which now is or hereafter shall be erected within that Part of Great Britain called England, the yearly Sum of three Shillings.

lowing yearly Rates are to be

piid; videlicet,

3 s. per Annum for* e.ery Dweilinp-house inhabited within England }

and i s. per An- por every Dwelling-house inhabited, which now is or hereafter shall be erected within that Part of Great

rXilnd. Britain called Scotland the yearly Sum of one Shilling.

For all Dwelling-. And for every Window, or Light, in every Dwelling-house inhabited, or to be inhabited, within and M throughout the whole Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Seven Windows, or Lights, and no tain, with 7 * more, the Sum of two Pence for each Window, or Light, in such House.

W'indoAs on’y, id. each j

with SW 6d. each

indows, For every Window, or Light, in every Dwelling-house as aforesaid, which shall contain eight Win* dows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of kx Pence for each Window, or Light, in such House.

1 Fcf

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 38. 243

For every Window* or Light, in every Dwelling-house as aforesaid, which shall contain nine Win- with 9—ia. -dows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of eight Pence for each Window, or Light, in such House;

For every Window, or Light, in every Dwelling-house as aforesaid, which shall contain ten Wirf- with 10— iod. dows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of ten Pence for each Window, or Light, in such House.

For every Window, or Light, in every Dwelling-house as aforesaid, which shall contain eleven Win-with u—t«. dows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of one Shilling for each Window, or Light, in such House.

For every Window, or Light, in every Dwelling-house as aforesaid, which shall contain twelve Win- with 12 - 11. dows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of one Shilling and two Pence for each Window, or Light, 2d. in such House.

For every Window, or Light, in every Dwelling-house as aforesaid, which shall contain thirteen with 13 - 1». Windows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of one Shilling and four Pence for each Window, or4d.

Light, in such House.

For every Window, or Light, in every Dwelling-house as aforesaid, which shall contain fourteen, fif- with if to 19 teen, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, or nineteen Windows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of one —* $d-Shilling and six Pence for each Window, or Light, in such House.

For every Window, or Light, in every Dwelling-house as aforesaid, which shall contain twenty Win- with to—1 * dows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of one Shilling and seven Pence for each Window, or7d*

Light, in such House.

For every Window, or Light, in every Dwelling-house as aforesaid, which shall contain twenty-one with n—1*. Windows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of one Shilling and eight Pence for each Window, or Sd.

Light, in such House.

For every Window, or Light, in every Dwelling-house as aforesaid, which shall contain twenty-two with *1 - 11. Windows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of one Shilling and nine Pence for each Window, or 9 d*

Light, in such House.

For every Window, or Light, in every Dwelling-house as aforesaid, which shall contain twenty-three with 13—it. Windows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of one Shilling and ten Pence for each Window, or »°d*

Light, in such House.

For every Window, or Light, in every Dwelling-house as aforesaid, which shall contain twenty-four with 24 - 1 Windows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of one Shilling and eleven Pence for each Window, "d' or Light, in such House.

And for every Window, or Light, in every Dwelling-house as aforesaid, which shall contain twenty- with %5, or«p-Avc Windows, or Lights, or upwards, the yearly Sum of two Shillings for each Window, or Light, in wwd#» e*ch» every such House.

III. Provided nevertheless, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, That the said several and Window T« to

respective yearly Sums herein before charged upon every Window, or Light, contained in every such ^P*ld> #vr/ Dwelling-house as aforesaid, shall be paid over and above the said respective Duties of three Shillings, and put *S°0V^1 e one Shilling, upon Houses before mentioned. Houfr*.

IV. Provided always, That no House or Cottage in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland that has Housei in Scot-

not more than five Windows, or Lights, shall pay, or be liable to pay, the Duty of one Shilling imposed land» wish 00t on each House by this present Act. ore than 5

window $} ex-

empted from the Duty on Houses.

V. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Rate or Assessment Rare? made in hath been or shall be made in pursuance of the said former Acts, or any of them, for raising all or any of pursuanccof the Rates and Duties thereby granted upon Houses, Windows, or Lights, for and in respect of the Quar- former Acts,i« ter. Half Year, or any other Time, after the said tenth Day of October, one thou find seven hundred and sixty-six; every such Kate or Assessment, so far as the same relates to the raising such Rat s and Duties in oa. 1766, rc respect of such Quarter, Half Year, or other Term, after the said tenth Day of October^ shall be null and dctUreu uuii. void.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rates and Duties by this Act Rare* to be paid granted shall be paid Quarterly, at the four most usual Days of Payment in the Year; th;.t is to say, on Qu iterly. the fifth Day of January y the fifth Day of Aprils the fifth Day of jMv, anti the tenth Day of October, by

even and equal Portions; the fitft Payment thereof to be made upon the fifth Day of January, one theu.-sand seven hundred and sixty-seven.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Rates and Duties by ThrfrRa»ciand

th:« Ad imposed, and also the Arrears of the Rates and Duties granted by the find former Acts, shall be Duties *»ui Ar-raised, levied, collided, and paid, into his Majesty's Exchequer for the Purposes in this Act expressed, in or tl1"c< such anj the like Form and Manner, and with such Allowances, and under Inch Penalties, Lotfeitures, rxcVe-

2nd liabilities, and according to such Rules, Methods, and Directions, as are pu*fcr:lv:J or appointed <per, urcnrJia* for fading, levying, collecting, and paying, the Duties on Houses, and Windows, or Light?, in and by to^ R"!c», the saul Acts of Parliament made in the said twentieth and thirty-first Years of the Kei^n of his said laic *c- P,ifc!ri/fd In Majesty, and in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and in and by one other Act of Par- 20

Itament made in the twentieth Year of his said late Maj :fty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to enforce the Exc- ,\^co 2. c. at. eution of an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting to his Maj city several Rates and Duties 2 Geo. 3. c. 3/ 1 unon Houses, Windows, or Lights*/ and in and by an Act of Parliament nude in the twenty- 20Cco 2 z.+1. fbft Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending, and fur- *r,li 11 Geo.

‘ ther enforcing the Execution of, an Act passed in the hft Session of Pailianunt, intituled, A:1 pr*',0*

24+ C. 38. Anno fextp Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

c repealing the fevtralRates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights; and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Haufes, Windows, or Lights^ and for raying the Sum of four millions four hun- 4 dred thousand Pounds by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates or Duties / and all and every the Powers,

Power*, &c. of Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, now in Fovce, and the recited Acts not hereby altered, contained in the said five several Acts of Parliament, or any of them, for the railing, ex^ehded to this levying, collecting, and paying, the Rates and Duties thereby granted, shall be iir fidl Force, and be duly. observed, practised, and put in Execution, throughout the whole Kingdom of Great Britain, for ratting,

' levying, collecting, and paying, the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, and upon Windows, or Lights, by this Act granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same, or the like Powers, Authorities, Rdes, Directions, Penalties^ Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

Commissionert

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners authorised for for tbt recited putting in Execution the said five former Acts, or any of them, for all and every the respective Counties, Acts to meet for Shires, StewartrLes, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places respectively, within thfi AfTortor Great Britain, shall meet together at the most usual and common Place of Meeting within such Counties* belbre 11 Oft, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Ckies, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places respectively, within 1766* Great Britain, on or before the eleventh Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six; and shall then divide themselves to act in separate Districts, and proceed in the Execution of this profent Act, for assessing, raising, levying, and collecting, the Dudes hereby granted, in such and the same Manner* to all Intents and Krrposes, as are preferred by the said five former Acts, or any of them, with respect to the Rates and Duties thereby imposed, except such Parts only of the said Acts as are hereby altered. Separate Assess-

IX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That separate Assess-rnent* to be merits shall he made out, for raising the Dudes hereby imposed, from the said tenth Day of October, one made out for thousand seven hundred and sixty-nx, to the sixth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-artd 1u>Dbeie, rti. I*11» which Assessments shall be certified by the Assessor, and returned by them to the said Commission-fied and returned on °* before the third Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fiity-six: and riiat the Sur-by Dec. 1766. veyors of the said Duties shall and may, on or before the twentieth Day of February, one thousand seven Surveyor! to hundred and sixty-seven, certify their Surcharges, lor raising the said Dudes for the said Half Year, to the certify their feu) Commissioners; and that all Appeals, in pefpeft to the said Half Year’s Assessmems, shall and may be the Hdf Ye r’* beard and determined between the sixth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and AssessmentTy* fbJB fourth Day of April following; and that the said Commissioners shall cause true Duplicates of the said so Feb. 1767. Assessments, for the said Half Year, to be made out, delivered, and transmitted, in such Manner as io Appeals to be directed by any of the said former Acts with respect to the Duplicates of the Assessments therein mentioned aUT* b*twc4li and that from and after the fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, the Duties Aprlf^ips".4 hereby granted shall be assessed annually for one whole Year, to commence from the fifth Day of April in Duplicates of the each Year.

Assessments to be traafoitted as formerly. After ( April, 1767, the Afbfixneots to be nude far the whole Yeor.

Monies anting by the former Rates to be applied as the present.

97,485l. 6 d.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies which shall have art fen by the Rates and Duties granted by the said former Acts, upon Houses, and Windows, or Lights, and shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, after the said tenth Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six9 shall be applied in such Manner as the Rates and Duties hereby granted are directed to be applied.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said tenth Day of 38* to be yesrly October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-flx, there shall be reserved and set apart, at the Receipt of Rates Majesty's Exchequer, and applied to the Fund commonly called The General or Aggregate Fund, out of to^heSinking the &atcs and Duties hereby granted, the yearly Sum of ninety-one thousand four hundred and eighty-five Fond, in lieu of Pounds and six Pence three Farthings, in lieu of the like yearly Sum, which by the said first-mentioned the like Sum Act, made in the twentieth Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, was directed to be set apart and applied, payable thereout in Jjfce Manner, out of the Rates and Duties thereby granted, towards paying the several Annuities, and ao GeoV £ a. ot^cr Foments, charged on the said Fund, in such Manner as is therein mentioned.

99. < j£j|# And whereas the Rates and Duties upon Houses and Windows, or Lights, granted by the said Act made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, were, together with certain other

1 d’.^and 1 Duties, made a Fund for Payment of the Annuities thereby established; it is therefore necessary that Part

to be referred * of the Rates and Duties by this Act granted, lhauld be applied towards Payment of the said Annuities, annually at the in lieu of the said Rates and Duties; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and exchequer out of after the said tenth Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, the yearly Sum of ninety-towards three thousand two hundred and seventeen Pounds ten Shillings one Penny and one-sixth Part of a Penny,

the*Annuiti«f being the Amount of the annual Produce of the said Rates and Duties, upon a Medium of six Years last established by Act past, shall be also reserved and set apart at the said Receipt of the Exchequer, out of the Rates and Duties 3* Geo. 2. c.». hereby granted, and shall be applied towards paying the Annuities established by the said Act.

Surplus Monies

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Residue of the Produce of the to be carried into said Rates and Duties shall be carried to, and made Part of, the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, the Sinking in lieu of such Part of the Rates and Duties hereby repealed, as are applicable to such Fund; and also Fund; towards making good to the same Fund, the Payment of such Annuities as shall be charged thereupon

by any Act of this Session of Parliament.

XIV. And whereas a certain Annuity or yearly Sum of seventy-four thousand three hundred and thirty-four Pounds and eleven Pence was made payable to the South Sea Company, out of certain Rates

and

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. - C. 39, 40. 245

tod Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, and upon certain former Duties upon Houses; which last mentioned Duties were repealed by the said Act made in the twentieth Year of his said late Majesty's Reign and it was thereby provided. That if the said Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, should be at any Time deficient to pay the said Annuity, that such Deficiency should be made good out of the Rates Treasury to and Duties thereby granted, and by this Act repealed ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority afore- n*ake s00*5 ?ut said, That if the Monies arifin£ into the said Receipt of Exchequer of or for the said Duties upon Coals, Culm, an t£-and Cinders, shall, at any Time or Times, from and after the said tenth Day of October, be deficient to fluency of the* answer to the said South Sea Company such Monies as shall be payable in respect of the said Annuity or Du ie» upon yearly Sum; in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's 1 Yeaftiryj Coal», Culm, or any three or more of them, nowlaeing, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commission-#Jd cinj!^rhtfr m of the Treasury for the time being, and he and they is and are hereby respectively authorised and a0-

required to cause such Deficiencies to be made good out of the said Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, ftuhy due to the after paying, or referring sufficient to pay, all such Monies as have been directed by any former Act or South Sea Acts of ram ament to be paid out of the fafne. Comptoy*

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be sued or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence, for his or their Defence; and if, upon the Trial, General Iffbe# a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited: then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff Treble Costs. or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for raising the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and a

Lottery, to be charged on the Sinking Fund. EXP,

CAP. XL.

An Act for explaining and amending such Part of an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to certain Duties on Wines imported, for the more cafy collecting, and effectually securing, the Stamp Duties for Copies of Court Rolls for Relief of Persons who have omitted to insert in Indentures, or other Writings, the full Sum agreed to be paid with Clerks, Apprentices, and other Servants for amending such Parts ot two Acts made in the last Session of Parliament, as relate to certain East India Goods, and Bugles, exported to Africa \ for permitting a certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats,

Meal, and Flour to be exported from Great Britain to the Isle of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there; for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Coals, free from the Payment of the Duty granted by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to the IQands of Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney \ and for obviating certain Doubts with respect to the Importation of Oats and Oat-meal, under the Authority of an Act made in this present Session of Parliament.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, PreimHe, rmt* 4 W intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty federal additional Duties upon TVines imported into this in* Ci.uses in

Kingdom, and certain Duties uj>cn all Cyder and Perry; and for raising the Sum of three millions five hundred Geo. 3*

thousand Pounds, by iqay of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties; it is amongst other Things, enacted, That from and after the thirty-first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-threr, over and above all Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and all other Subsidies, additional

Duties, and Impofuions whatsoever, due or payable for all Wines and Vinegar imported into Great Britain, by any Act or Acts of Parliament then in Force, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors (before landing thereof) the additional Impositions, Rates, or Duties following, without any Discount or Deduction inwards, or Drawback on Re-exportation after- wards; that is to say. For every Ton of French Wine and French Vinegar which shall be imported into this Kingdom, the Sum of eight Pounds, and so after that Rate for any gi eater or letter Quantity; and also for every Ton of all other Wines and Vinegar so imported into this Kingdom, the Sum of four Pounds*

and so after that Rate, for any greater or letter Quantity; the same to be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways, Means and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures (except as to Discounts and Drawbacks aforesaid) as are mentioned and expretttd in the Act of

Parliament made and passed in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King James the Second, inti- /a,

tuled. An Act for granting his Majesty an Imposition upon all Wines and Vinegar imported between the twenty- c. j,

fourth Day of June, one thousand six hundred and eighty-five, and the twenty ficond Day of June, one thousandfix hundred and ninety-three, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, by which the said Impofuions, Rates, and'

Duties, upon all Wines and Vinegar imported, were continued and made perpetual: And whereas by the said recited Act of the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, it is also enacted, That no Mer- chant shall, in respect of the Duties imposed by that Act, be allowed twelve Pounds fcr Centum, or have any Allowance for Leakage, upon any Wines imported into this Kingdom, unless such Wine be im-

poued

246. -C. 40.

Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

ported directly from the Country or Place of the Growth of the said Wine, or the usual Port or Place of its first shipping; except Madeira Wines imported into this Kingdom from any of his Majesty's Plantations in America: And whereas the said respective Duties of eight Pounds and four Pounds per Ton, im- posed upon Wines by the said recited Act, have been collected and paid, without any Discount or Dc- duction inwards, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act: And whereas some Doubts and Questions have nevertheless been lately made, whether the before mentioned Allowance of twelve Pounds per Centum for Leakage, should be deducted out of the said Duties for such Wines as were imported directly from the Country or Place of the Growth of the said Wine: For the obviating and dear- ing of which Doubts, frith regard as well to the Time past as to come, and for the acquitting, discharging, and indemnifying, all Persons whatsoever, who have any way acted, or been concerned in, the charging, collecting, paying, or receiving, the said respective Duties of eight Pounds and four Pounds per Ton im- posed upon Wines by the said recited Act, or who shall be concerned or ad in the charging,' collecting, paying, or receiving, the lame for the future, and for the supporting and establishing the Fund by the said Act of Parliament intended to be created, for the securing such Annuities as should be purchased

pursuant to the said Act of Parliament; and for the Explanation of the said AdMay it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted and declared by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Dutieiofgi. per Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said additional Duties of eight rounds Ton on French for every Ton of French Wine, and four Pounds for every Ton 6f all other Wines, imported into this Wines, and 41. Kingdom, given and granted by the said recited Act of Parliament, made and passed in the third Year of winei^crlntedthe of Lis present Majesty, from and after the thirty-first Day of March, one thousand seven hun-

determined by the'retired dred and sixty-three, were by the said Act* intended, and shall be, and ought to be paid, and payable to

Act of 3 Geo. 3. his Majesty, his Ph ii s and Successors, for the Uses and Purposes in the said Act expressed, without any declared to be Discount or Deduction inwards; and all Persons whatsoever who have been concerned, or who have ailed

The additional

intended to be in the charging, C< iiv paid without any. r, 1

Discount in im posed on ine> b.

acquitted and disc h.r

II. And be it fur third Year of his present

wards, 8cc.

So much of the said Act, as relates to the Allowance of 12 1. per Cent, in respect of Leakage, repealed.

Clause in Act of.

5 Geo. 3. c. 46, 4 €

Mi/'

g, or receiving, the said tespective Duties of eight Pounds and four Pounds bed Act as aloreliid, are and shall respectively, by virtue of this Act, be

it frmnified in respect thereof.

d !»y iDC Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said recited Act of the lry\ Reign, as relates to the Allowance of twelve Pounds per Centum foe Leakage, out of the said j Jnr i s f u ,;,;u Pounds and four Pounds per Ton, by the said Act imposed on Wines imported directly from the Place of their Growth, shall be, and is hereby repealed, annulled, and made void, to all intents and Purposes whatsoever.

III. And whereas by a Clause in an Act of Parliament made in the last Session of his present Parliament, and in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for altering the Stamp Du-

ties upon Admissiom into Corporations or Companies, and for further securing and improving the Stamp Duties m in Great Britain, reciting, That by an Act of Parliament made in the tenth Year of the Reign ot her late Majesty Queen Anne, for laying several Duties upon Soap, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, a 4 Stamp Duty of two Shillings and three Pence, among other Duties, is laid on every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which should be ingrafted or written any Sur- render of, or Admittance to, any of Land or Tenement, within those Parts of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or any Grant or Lease by Copy of Court Roll, or any other Copy of the Court Roll of any Honor or Manor within the same Parts of Great Br'r

tain, or any of them (other than and except the Original Surrender to the Use of a Will, and the Court

Roll, or Book, wherein the Proceedings of the Court are entered or inrolled) and reciting, That great Fiauds had been committed in the said Duty, by Stewards and others-receiving the same, together with their own Fees, without ever making out or delivering the said Copies; ana, for preventing the same for the future, it was and is declared and enacted, That from and after the fifth Day ofjuly% one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, if any Steward or other Officer of any of Court should demand, take, or receive, from any Person whatsoever, any Fee or Fees for any such Surrender, Admit- tance. Grant, or Lease, or any other Copy of any Court Roll, without at the same Time demanding and receiving the Stamp Duty due thereon, and delivering such Surrender, or Admittance, Grant, or Lease, or Copy, to the Person intitled thereto; then, and in every such Case, every such Steward or other Officer shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds: And whereas the said Clause hath been found to be attended with great Inconvenience, in regard to the Time of delivering the Copies of every Surrender, Admittance, Giant, or Lease, which is impossible to be done at the Court in which

Ir. tent ion of the such Business is transacted :’-For Remedy whereof, be it declared and enacted by the Authority afore-,

recited Act, with said. That the Intention of the said Clause, and the Time meant thereby, for delivering the Copy of 'rmfroeant for Surrender, Admittance, Grant, or Lease, was, as soon as the same could be properly prepared and ac 1 iverm^Coyfes out after the receiving the Fee or Fees and Stamp Duty thereon, and not at the Time, or imme-

©fComt Rolls, diately upon, receiving the same.

Officer of the IV. And, for the preventing any Doubts in regard thereto for the future, be it further enacted by the Court not liable Authority aforesaid,' That from and after the seventh Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-- to forfeit, if the every such Steward or other Officer of any such Cotfthold Court shall be obliged to deliver the Copy rlTrcd Within a ^uch Surrender, Admittance, Grant, or Lease, to the Person intitled thereto, or to some Person autho-V<*r, U ma Tlzed by him or her to receive the same; and if no Person shall be so authorised, then to the Bailiff of the Manor, for the Use of such Person, within one Year from the holding such respective Court; and

fliJ

247

A.D. 1766. Anno (exto Georgii III. c. 40.

shall not incur the said Forfeiture or Penalty inflicted by the said Clause for not delivering the same, till after the Expiration of one Year from the Day of holding such Court; any Thing in the said first: recited Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And, for Relief of all Persons who have omitted to insert and write, in Words at Length, in Indentures or other Writings which contain the Covenants, Articles, Contracts, or Agreements, relating to the Service of any Clerk, Apprentice, or Servant, the full Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, further Tima received, or in any wise directly or indirectly given, paid, or agreed, or contracted for, with, or in relation allowed to Per-to, every such Clerk, Apprentice, or Servant, as aforesaid; be it therefore enacted by the Authority °ro rt. aforesaid, That upon Payment of the Rates and Duties upon the Monies, or such Part of the Monies so in indentures or omitted to be inserted and written, in Words at Length, in such Indentures or other Writings as aforesaid, other Writing?, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, to such Per-the full Sum son or Persons to whom the same ought to be paid, of which timely Notice is to be given in the Lendon*

Gazette; the same Indentures or other Writings shall be good and available in Law or Equity, and may ^pprcntl^/anV be given in Evidence in any Court whatsoever; and the Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants therein named, 0,her Servant!, shall be capable of following and exercising their respective intended Trade or Employment, in the and to pay the same Manner as they could have done in case the full Sum or Sums received or agreed for, as aforesaid, had been inserted; and the Persons who have incurred any Penalties by the Omission aforesaid, shall be rUf*r f0v acquitted and discharged of and from the said Penalties; any Thing in any former Act of Parliament to J5 Geo. j.9* the contrary notwithstanding. c.

VI. And whereas by an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, CLufe in Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on tie Exportation of Coals; and of severallLzb India- Goods; 5 Geo. 3*3$%

and upon Policies of Assurance for retaining, upon the Exportation of White Callicoes and Mujiins, a further Part of the Duties paid on the Importation thereof \ and for obviating a Doubt with respect to Stamp Duties imposed upon Deeds by two former Acts\ it is amongst other Things enacted, That upon the Entry of any*

Wrought Silks, Bengals, and Stuffs mixed with Silk or Herba of the Manufacture of Perfta, China, or 4 East India, or Callicoes painted, dyed, piir.red, or stained there, for Exportation to Africa; the Bond € which is now by Law required to be given for the due Exportation of such Goods, shall be with further Condition, !ut the same shall be there landed accordingly, and not in any other Part or Place beyond the Seas; ' that th? Bonds so as aforesaid entered into, shall not be delivered up or discharged until f

Procd is m. :he Manner directed by the said recited Act; which Proof is required to be made within and A^ ~Qi 4 eighteen iVem the Date of such Bonds: And whereas by another Act passed in the fifth Year of the ,05 t0i

Reign of 1>. ' A, S.j ffy, intituled, An Act for mo e rffeftually /applying the ExportTrade of this Kingdom $ie 6 Oa. 3^.

c to Africa, utn: in j. Cars Printed Callicoes, a nd other Goods of the Product or Manufacture of tlx East Indies,*. 4C or other Places 0 \ ;nd the Cape of Good Hope, a> are prohibited to be worn and used in Great Britain; for 7 Geo.

encouraging the I.opo'tation of Bugles into this Kingdom, for the better Supply of the Export Trade thereof; and c. 5C< ’

4-for discontinuing the Bounty payable in Great Britain, and all Bounties and Allowances in Ireland, upon the Exportation of Corn. Grain, Malt, Meal, and FiOur, from thence to the Isle of Man; it is (amongst other Things) enacted, That if any Bugles, which shall be warehoused in pursuance of that Act, shall be delivered for Exportation to Foreign Parts, the same shall be subject to the like Security* Regulations, and Refactions, as East India Goods prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain are now by Law liable 4* to: And whereas it is alledged, that the Time limited by the first recited Act of Parliament, for making:

the Proof thereby required within eighteen Months, for such of the aforesaid Goods as shall be landed in* c Afr ica, is too short, and the obliging the Master, Mate, Purser, or other Person having Charge of the Ship, to make the Oath as is therein directed, at the Port where such Security shall be entered into, may'/

subject the Proprietors and Exporters of such Goods to great Difficulties and Inconvenience; such Secu-

4' rity having been hitherto taken only at the Port of London, though the Goods are frequently exported-

4* from vark)uc Out-ports of this Kingdom For Remedy whereof, and to give all fitting Encouragement CofuHtions-wjrm

to this Branch of Business, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twentieth which any of the-

Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, in every Case where the Owner or Proprietor of befcr<?-mention*

any of thfe Goods before mentioned shall desire to remove the same from one Port of Great Britain, to any ed Goo<}s ra*7

other Port within the same Kingdom, in order to be from thence exported to Africa, it shall and may be ooePort of

lawful for the Warehouse Keeper, or other proper Officer of the Customs, in whose Custody the same shall be Great Britain,

lodged, to pack up and secure such Goods under his or their Seal or Seals of Office; and before the same to another, in

shall be taken out of the Warehouse or Warehouses in which they shall have been deposited, one Bond shall order *° bo ex-

be Entered into, with sufficient Security to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in double the Value of such

Goods, that the same, and every Part thereof, shall be well and truly delivered, without Alteration, into the* *to

Custody and Possession of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs for the time being at some other

Port of this Kingdom to be named and expressed in such Pond; and to produce a Certificate, under the*

Hands and Seals of such Collector and Comptroller, that such Goods have been so delivered into their Custody and Possession, within three Months from the Date of each respective Bond, to the Commissioner, of the Customs, or to the Principal Officers of the Customs, at the Port where such Bond shall have been, given; and such Goods shall not be afterwards taken out of the Custody of such Collector and Comptroller, until one other Bond shall be entered into by the Merchant Exporter, with sufficient Security to* his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in double the Value of the said Goods, that the same, and every Rart thereof, fha 1 (the Danger of the Seas excepted) be well and truly exported to, and landed in, fomc1*

Part of the Coast of Africa, and not in any other Part or Place beyond the Seas.

VII. And it is further enacted, That no Bond, which hath been or shall be entered into for the Expor- Bond not tan on of any of the Gjcds bcfoie mentioned to Africa, in purfiunce of this or ibc.before xecited Acts of aifcbirged, nil

Par-

248 C. 40.

Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

Proo£ made on Parliament, shall be discharged or delivered up, until Proof is made by the Oath of the Matter, Mate, Pur~ ^cr’ or ot^cr Pe*f°n* having Charge of the Ship or Vessel during the Voyage in which such Goods were fairly landed 0? exP°rtec^ that the said Goods, and every Part thereof were fairly landed or disposed of in or on fotne Part differed of iq of the Coatt of Africa 5 and that no Part thereof had been relanded in «iny Part of Great Britain, or the

Africa, &c. Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sarky or Many or any other Part or Place beyond the Seas; and by,

the Oath of the Merchant Exporter (if living) that, to the best of his, her, or their Knowledge and Belief, such Goods had been disposed of at the Place or Places mentioned in the Oath of such Matter, Mate, Pur-withinVvclr* or °ther Person, bav*ng the Charge of such Ship or Vessel during the Voyage; which Proof shall be made from the Date of within three^fears from the Date of each respective Bond, before the Collector and the Bond; otherwise (he Bon 1 ma - be put in Suit.

Clause in 6 Geo. 3. c. 5.

Comptroller, or other

Principal Officer of the Customs at the Port for the time being where such last mentioned Bond shall be entered into, who are hereby respectively impowered to administer the same; and in case no such Certificate shall be produced, or Proof made as aforesaid, within the respective Times before limited, it shall and may be lawful for the respective Commissioners of the Customs in Great Britain to cause such Bonds, or either of them, to be put in Suit, unless they shall find sufficient Cause to forbear the same j any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas by an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Grainy Malt, Mealy Fioury Breads Biscuit, and Starch, for a limited Time; it was amongst other Things enacted, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, at any Time or Times before the twenty-sixth Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, should export, or carry out of or from the Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, any Sort of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Starch, under the Penalties and Forfeitures therein mentioned; but with several Provisions and Savings in the said Act contained: And whereas the Inhabitants of the Isle of Man have, for several Years last past, been supplied with considerable Quantities of Corn, Meal, and Flour, from Great Britain^ 4 and Ireland, and they are now in great Want thereof, no Provision or caving having been itiade in the said Act for supplying them therewith / be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said recited Act, or any Thing therein contained, shall not extend to any Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, or Flour, to be transported out of or from the Ports of Southampton or Exeter only, unto the said Isle of Many for the only Use of the Inhabitants of the said island; so as the Exporter, before the lading of such Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, or Flour, or laying the same on board, do become bound, with other sufficient Security, in treble the Value thereof, which the Customer or Comptroller of either of the said Ports respectively hath hereby Power to take in his Majesty's Name, and to his Majesty's Use, and for which Security no Fee or Reward shall be given or taken, that such Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, or Flour, shall be landed in the said Isle of Man (the Dangers of the Seas only excepted) for the Use of the Inhabitants there, and shall not be landed or sold in any other Parts whatsoever; and to return the like Certificates of the Landing the same there, as are by the said Act required on the Exportation of the said Commodities to the British Colonies in America, and within the Time for that Purpose therein mentioned; and Whole Quantity so as the whole Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, or Flour, which at any Time or Times after the parting this Act, and before the said twenty-sixth Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, shall be shipped at both the said Ports for the said Isle of Man as aforesaid, shall not exceed in the Whole two thousand five hundred Quarters; one Moiety whereof to be exported at the said Port of Southampton, and the other Moiety thereof to be exported at the said Port of Exeter; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And whereas by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, an additional Duty of four Shillings was granted to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from the fifth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, for every Chaldron of Coals, Newcastle Measure, which should be shipped for Exportation to any Part beyond the Seas, except to Ireland, the Isle of Man, or the British Dominions in America: And, whereas it is found expedient to permit certain Quantities of Coals to be annually exported to the iflunds ofjerfey, Guernsey, and Alderney, for the Use and Consumption of his Majesty's Subjects in the said Islands, and of the Casket Lights, free of the said additional Duty / be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twentieth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Inhabitants of the said Islands respectively, to export and transport the several Quantities of Coals herein after mentioned, free of the said additional Duty of four Shillings for every Chaldron, out of and from the Ports of Newcastle and Sw<Tnfea% in the f<-^erf^Cy,l?Ue^nft5, vers" Proportion9, to the said Ides of Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney respectively, ns are herein after mentioned; i^ithou/paying 38 the Person or Persons who shall (nip such Coals do, before the shipping thereof, deliver unto the the additional Collector and Comptroller of the Customs of the said Ports of 'Newcastle and Swansea respectively (out of Duty imposed by which the said Coals are to be exported) a Writing under the Seal or Seals of the respective Governors of the recited Act. the said Kies of Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney (into which the said Coals are to be transported) prof his or their Deputy or Deputies respectively; which Writing shall express the Name of the Party appointed to export, or cause to be exported, out of the said Ports of Newcastle and Swansea, or one of them, io many Chaldrons of Coals, exporting the Number thereof, to the same Isle, to be used or consumed therein, or in some of the Members or Parts thereof, or in the Casket Lights; and that such Party so authorised and appointed to export, or cause to be exported, such Coals, hath, before the making and feahng of ibat Writing, entered into sufficient Bond for his Majesty's Use, in the Penalty of twenty Pounds for every Chaldron of such Coals, for the due landing of the said Coals accordingly (the Danger of the Seas only excepted).

X. And, to the Intent that the Quantity of Coals to be exported out of the Ports of Newcastle and Swansea aforesaid, into the said Isles, or any of them, in any one Year (accounting the Year to begin from the

3 said

Clause for per-witting certain Quantities of wheat and other Grain &c. to be exported from Southampton end Exeter, for the Use of the Inhibirants of the Isle of Man.

not to exceed ,500 Quarters

Clause in Act J Geo. j. c. ,5,

Cl.ofo for prr-

witting certain Quantities of Coals to be an* nually exported from Newcastle and Swansea to the Islands of

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 41, 42. 249

said twentieth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six) may not exceed the Quantities herein after specified; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Governors of the said Islands Specification of of Jersey, Guernsey and Alderney refipedively, or their respective Deputy or Deputies, for whom they will the Quantity «d tnfwer, shall not make to any Person or Persons any such Writing or Writings as before specified, to an- coa?* from the thorize and appoint him or them to fetch, export, or transport, into the said Islands of J*rSeh Guernsey, and ijt^ collieries, Alderney respectively, in one Year, to be accounted as aforesaid, any greater Quantity of Coals, or in any allowed to be other Proportions, out of and from the said Ports of Newcastle and Swansea respectively, than are herein exported to the after limited and expressed; that is to say. Into the said Isle of Jersey, out of the said Port of Newcastle, fa,d three hundred and fifty Chaldrons, Newcastle Measure, and out of the said Port of Swansea, one hundred Rlpc lvcy* and fifty such Chaldrons, and no more; into the said Isle of Guernsey, out of the said Port of Newcastle, one thousand such Chaldrons, and out of the said Port of Swansea, one hundred and fifty such Chaldrons, and no more; and into the said Isle of Alderney, out of the said Port of Newcastle, one hundred and ten such Chaldrons, and out of the said Port of Swansea, ten such Chaldrons, and no more.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Collector and Comptroller at the of the Customs of the said Ports of Newcastle and Swansea respectively, shall keep a true Account of all the said Quantities of Coals so by them permitted to be loaden by virtue of this Act, and shall not permit any fcatokceP Ac-" greater Quantities of Coals to be so loaded than are by this Act prescribed, in any one Year, to any of the count! thereof, laid Islands respectively, free of the said Duty of four Shillings per Chaldron, upon the Penalty of the For- and not permit feiture of twenty Pounds for every Chaldron; one Moiety thereof to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and an* *rcater Sticceflors, and the other Moiety to him or them that will sue for the same, in any Court of Record; wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, paying Duty,

% on Penalty of

c XII. And whereas several Doubts have arisen with respect to the Importation of Oats and Oat-meal201#

into this Kingdom, ’under the Authority of an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled,

An Act for allowing the Importation of Oats and Oat-meal into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, Duty-free \ therefore, for obviating all Doubts in relation thereto, be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That by the said Act it was intended to authorize any Person or Persons whatsoever to import Oats *nd Oat-into Great Britain, in any Ship or Vessel navigated according to Law, at any Time or Times before the meal, declared to twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, unless a shorter Term shall be be intended by fixed for that Purpose by any Ad to be passed in this Session of Parliament, any Quantity of Oats or Oat- 5"^ °tolbc‘4 meal, without the Payment of any Subsidy, Custom, Duty, or Imposition whatsoever; any Thing in any importtd D#ty-former or other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. free.

CAP. XLL

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying 5 Geo. 3. c. 4s. certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, SGco« and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

EXP.

CAP. XLII.

An Act to continue an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for importing Salt from Europe, into the Province of Quebec in America* for a limited Time,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Law herein after mentioned, which Hath, by Experience, been found useful and

beneficial, is near expiring :* May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and

be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for importing Salt An of4 Geo. 3,

from Europe into the Province of Qtiebec in America, for a limited Time, which Was to continue mc#I9*

Force from the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, for the Term

*of one Year and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of June, further

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-threei and from thence to the End of the then next Session of nued ro t*june.

Parliament. - *7

CAP.

*5o C. 43. Anno sexto Georgii III. A. Dk 176&,

CAP. XLIII.

7 Geo. 3. c. 40. An Act for explaining, amending, and further enforcing, the Execution of two several » Geo. j. c. 5. Acts, one made in the twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, and the other in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the Amendment and Prel'ervation of the publick Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and for obliging Mortgagees taking Possession of Toll-gates on Turnpike Roads, and Toll-gatherers appointed by them, to account.

Preamble, re- ‘ XX JHEREAS by an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, intituled,

citing clausesin for the Amendment and Pre/,ervation of the publick Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom^ Ad 26 Geo. a. ‘ and for the more effe ft ual Execution of the Laws relating thereto \ ic was, amongst other Things, enacted, 3°- 4 That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and hfty-four, it

should not be lawful for any Waggon or Wain whatsoever (other than and except as therein is excepted)

to travel, pass, or be drawn upon any Turnpike Road, unless the Fellies of the Wheels of every such Waggon or Wain respectively should be of the Breadth or Gauge of nine Inches from Side to Side, at the lea ft, and that every Owner or Owners of such Waggon and Wain, driven, drawn, or conveyed, in or upon any Turnpike Road, contrary to the Directions, Tenor, or true Meaning of the said Act, should, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and applied in such Manner as the said Act: directs, or otherwise should forfeit and lose one of the Horses or Beasts of Draught drawing such Waggon, not being the Shaft or Thill Horse, together wkh all Gears, Bridles, Halters, and Accoutrements, to such Horse or Bcaft of Draught respectively belonging, to the sole Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons who should seize or distrain the same; with a Proviso, that nothing ' 4 in the said Act should extend, or be construed to extend, to any Waggon drawn by less than five Horses or Beasts of Draught: And whereas, notwithstanding the Directions in the said Act, several Trustees or Commissioners of Turnpike Roads, and several Gate-keepers or Toll-gathererS by them appointed, have permitted Waggons and other four Wheel Carriages, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of a 4 less Breadth than nine Inches, to be drawn and to pass on Turnpike Roads, and through Turnpike-gites or Bars, with more than four Horses:’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Commi^oner* Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Trustees or Commissioners of every Roads arcre- Turnpike Road, or any five or more of them, shall, at their first Meeting after the fifth Day of July, quired, at their one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, give particular and express Orders and Directions in Writing, to first Meeting every Tol 1 -gatherer or Gate-keeper on the respective Roads under the Care and Direction of such Trustees

after 5 July, Gr Commissioners, that they do not permit or suffer any Waggon or other four Wheel Carriage, having the vl r ita e n °Or der, Fel1 ies of the Wheels of less Breadth than nine Inches, to be drawn on such Turnpike Roads; and that if to^heToH-ga- anV Toll-gatherer or Gate-keeper shall permit or suffer any Waggon or other four Wheel Carriage, therers* not to having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth than nine inches, and drawn by more^han four permit Waggon* Horses, to be drawn or to pass on any Turnpike Road within the View or with the knowledge of such or other four Gate-keeper or Toll-gatherer, or to pass through any Toll-gate or Bar without seizing or distraining one ^es w?thm t^5C Horses drawing the same, not being the Shaft or Thill Horse, together with all Gears, Bridles, WheelTiefs than Halters, and Accoutrements, to such Horse respectively belonging, and delivering the same into the Custody 9. inches broad, of the Constable, or other Parish Officer; and applying to a Justice or Justices of the Peace for his or their and drawn by Precept to such Constable or other Parish Officer, to deliver the same to such Gate-keeper or Toll-gatherer more than seizing or distraining the same, to and for his and their own Use and Benefit, in the Manner the said Act without feiiinz (^re&s> shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of forty Shillings; to be recovered in a filmed of the* mary Manner, before one Justice of the Peace, to and for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons who Horse?, Sec. and shall inform against such Gate-keeper or Toll-gatherer.

deliver the same

to the Constable, and apply to the justice for his Precept for delivering up the same j forfeits 40 s. to the Informer.

Particnlar Carriages exempted.

Ctause in Act 5 Geo. 3. c. 3?.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act, or the Act herein before recited, shall extend to any such Waggon, or other four Wheel Carriage, laden with one Block of Marble or Stone, or one Piece of Timber, or one Piece of Ordnance.

III. And whereas by an Act made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act tt

continue Part of an Act made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual the several Laws now in being for the Amendment and Prefer- vation of the publick Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and for making further Provisions for the Preservation of the said Roads, it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, the Trustees appointed, or to be aptvointed, by any Act of Parliament passed, or to be passed, for making, repairing, or amending, any Turnpike Road, or any Person authorised and appointed by them, should, during the Time aforesaid, permit and suffer all Waggons and Wains, having the < Axle-trees thereof of such different Lengths, that the Distance from Wheel to Wheel of one Pair of the said Wheels be not more than four Feet two Inches, to be measured at the Ground 5 and that the Distance from Wheel to Wheel

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 43.

of the other Pair thereof should be such, that the fore and hind Wheels of such Waggons and Wains should roll a Surface of, at least, sixteen Inches wide on each Side of the said Waggons and Wains;

and having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of nine Inches at the Bottom or Sole thereof; to pass upon any Turnpike Road, and through any Toll-gare or Bar, upon paying only io much of the Tolls and.Duties as should not exceed one half of the full Toll or Duty payable, or by the said Act intended to be paid, for all Waggons or Wains having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of nine Inches from Side to Side, or for the Horses or Beast of Draught drawing the some, and not rolling a Surface of sixteen Inches, in the Manner herein before set forth: And whereas it would be for the Preservation of Turnpike Roads, and for the Conveniency of Ballingers travelling thereon in Coaches and Carriages, or on Horseback, if the Diliance from Wheel to Wheel,

of either Pair of the Wheels of any broad Wheeled Waggons or Wains, should not be more than four Feet two Inches; and that the Distance from Wheel to Wheel of the other Pair thereof, should be such, that the fore and hind Wheels of such Waggons and Wains should roll only one single Sur- face or Path, on either Side of such Waggons and Wains, of sixteen Inches wide Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Persons pastine upon any Turnpike Road, or through any Toll-gate Act?r 5 Mr» or Bar thereon, with any Waggons or Wains, shall be allowed the Benefit or Exemption herein before *bfs'^iv at7~' recited, except such Waggons or Wains shall have the Axle-trees of such different Lengths, that the ,vjtic^toihc Distjnce from Wheel to Wheel, of either Pair of the said Wheels, be not more than four Feet two Inches, Exemption* to be measured at the Ground; and that the Distance from Wheel to Wheel of the other Pair thereof, granted by the shall be such, that the fore and hind Wheels of such Waggons and Wains shall roll only one single Surface ’*csrpjJ Ac>’* or Path of sixteen Inches wide, at the least, on each Side of such Waggons and Wains; and no Persons d^nc^and C driving any Waggons or Wains which shall roll two different or separate Surfaces or Paths, on both or Fcilie* of thrir either Side of such Waggons or Wains, although the Fellies of the Wheels thereof shall bp of the Breadth wheels mads of nine Inches, shall after the fifth Day of July% one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, be allowed the conformable to the said Benefit or Exemption; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding. h^re^adow*

IV. And whereas Provision was made in the said Act, that no Person should make, or cause to be Recital of 5 c. 4 made, any Hedge or other Fence on any Turnpike Road, not inclosed on both Sides, within the Distance 3* c 3%-fecL * 4 of thirty Feet; or should plough or break up the Soil of any Land or Ground within the Distance of fifteen Feet from the Middle or Center of any Turnpike Road; and if any Person should plough or The Penalty of break up the Soil of any Land or Ground within the Distance of fifteen Feet from the Middle or Center 40S*.on personsE 4 of any Turnpike Road, such Person should forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings; but no Penalty was laid JJh’c or Fence on such Person as should make or cause to be made, such Hedge or Fence as aforesaid, other than the Ex- on=any Turnpike

pence of taking down the same; and it was not declared or directed thereby how the Penalty laid on such R0*d notindof-

Persons so ploughing or breaking up the Soil as aforesaid, when recovered, should be applied, or to whom ed on both side*, the same should be paid; by reason whereof the said Provisions have not been effectual for the Purposes wjlhm 3° F,;ct 4 thereby intended Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the cemcr of the C passing of this Act, if any Person shall make, or cause to be made, any Hedge or other Fence on or near Roa//and on any Turnpike Road, not inclosed on both Sides, within the Distance of thirty Feet from the Middle or persons plowing Center of such Turnpike Road, such Person (besides being liable to have the lame taken down, as by the or breaking up said Act is directed) shall forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings, to be recovered in the same Manner as in the the Ground said Act is directed, with respect to the Penalty thereby inflicted on Persons so ploughing or breaking up of^he center1 tke Soil as aforesaid; and also that the said Penalties, and each of them, when recovered, shall be applied, ot- ti,e R^aJ, paid, and belong, to the Person or Persons respectively upon whose Information such Penalties, or either of how to br reco-them, shall be recovered. verei and applied.

V. And whereas it hath happened, or may happen, that Mortgagees of the Tolls or Duties already granted, or that may be hereafter granted, by any Act of Parliament made or to be made for the making any Turnpike Road; h*vc taken or may take Possession of the Toil-gates or Bars, with an Intent to repay themselves the Monies lent on, or advanced for the Ui'e of such Roads by such Mortgagees: And whereas there is nor, at present, any proper and speedy Means of bringing such Mortgagees to account

for the Monies they have received, or may receive, at such Toll-gates or Bars ;* be it therefore enacted by

Authority aforesaid, That all and every Mortgagee and Mortgagees that hath taken or been in Possession Mnrtr.npf»in. of any Toll-gate or Bar set up or erected on any Turnpike Road, shall, alter the fifth Day of one thou- p0*T"!]*‘,n of hnd seven hundred and sixty-six, within fourteen Days after he, she, or they, shall have received Notice in J ^"ourt* Writing from the Trustees or Commissioners of such Turnpike Road, or any five of them, render upon Oath, u^nOath to the to be administered and taken by and before one Justice of the Peace, or any one Trullce or Commissioner TrutUe? vwtl.'m of such Turnpike Road (which Oath such Justice, Trustee, or Commissioner, is hereby authorised and » n-y* hrr impower d to administer) a true and exact Account in Writing to such Trtiftecs or Commissioners, or to rtvr,v 1 ? N't,cc any Person appointed by them, or any five of them, to be named in such Notice, of all Monies rec eived by ftch Mortgagee or Mortgagees, or by any other Person or Persons, for his, her, or their Use and Bene- c fir, or by hi<, her, or their Authority, at fuel) 'Foil-gate or Bar, and of what he, she, or they have expended in keeping the same; and that all and every Mortgagee and Mortgagees of such Tolls, taking or being in the PcflliJion of any Toll-gate or Bar after the said tilth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and fiAty-six, shall, within fourteen Days after such Notice in Writing from such Trustees or Commissioners, or any five of them, render a like Account, upon Oath, to be sworn before one Justice of the Peace, or one Trustee or Commissioner of such Turnpike Road, in Writing (which Oath such Justice, Trustee, or Commissioner, is hereby authorised and impowered to administer) to such Trustees or Commissioners, or

Kk 2 to

252 C. 43. Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 176&

to any Person appointed by them, or any five of them, to be named in such Notice, of all Monies by them received, or by any Person or Persons for their Use or Benefit, or by his, her, or their Authority, at such Toll-gate or Bar, not being accounted for, and of the Sum or Sums he, she, or they, have exon Forfeiture of pended in keeping the same; and m case he, she, or they, in either Case respectively, shall negl'ed to 5l. render such Account when required, in the Manner herein directed, he, she, or they, shall severally for-

feit and pay to the said Trustees or Commissioners for every Refusal, Neglect, or Omission to render fuc’rt to be recovered Account, the Sum of five Pounds; to be recovered by the said Trustees or Commissioners, or any five or inafummary more of them, or by the Treasurer or Clerk to such Trustees or Commissioners, in a summary Manner, r j before one Justice of the Peace; and, when recovered, shall be applied to the Use of the respective Road the Use Of the or Roads whereon such Toll-gate or Bar shall be placed.

The Gate-keep-

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Gate-keeper or Toll-gatherer of «r also it to ac. every such Toll-gate or Bar shall, when required by Notice in Writing from the said Trustees or Com-count upon missioners, or any five or more of them, render upon Oath, to be administered by and taken before any one Justice of the Peace, Trustee or Commissioner of such Turnpike Road (which Oath such Justice, fronT4 Trustee*5 Trustee, or Commissioner, is hereby authorised and impowered to administer} a true and exact Account iiv for All Monies Writing to the said Trustees or Commissioners, or to any Person to be named in such Notice appointed by received not be- them, or any five of them, of all Monies received by him, her, or them, at such Toll-gate or Bar^jnot fore accounted before accounted for, under the Penalty of twenty Shillings for every such Offence or Neglect; to be fcr, on Penalty ^covered in a summary Manner before any one Justice of the Peace, and applied ta the Use of the respect co bTiecevered t*vc &oad on which such Toll-gate shall be placed.

La a summary Way, and applied to the Use of the Road y

but I. not obKj-

VII. Provided always, That such Gate-keeper or Toll-gatherer shall not hereby be obliged to account

ofteneVthi"' 0ftener than once in every fourteen Days.

ooce a Fortnight*

Mortgagee keep-

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Mortgagee or Mortgagees »og Pott-flion shall keep Possession of any Toll-gate or Bar by him, her, or themselves, or by any other Person or Persons on her, or their Behalf, and receive the Tolls or Duties thereat, after such Mortgagee or Mortgagees Interest, forfeits shall have received the full Sum or Sums of Money due on the respective Mortgage or Mortgages, and double the Sur- the Interest thereof \ such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall forfeit and pay, as a Penalty, to the said Trustees plus Money re- or Commissioners, double the Sum or Sums of Money he, she, or they, shall have received over and above tere^’whh111" Sum or Sums Money due on such Mortgage or Mortgages, and the Interest thereof, with Treblfe Treble Costiof Costs of Suit; to be recovered by the said Trustees or Commissioners, or by the Treasurer or Clerk to such Suit. Trustees or Commissioners, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his MajestyV

Courts of Record at Westminster, and when, recovered shall be applied to the Use of the respective Road or Roads on which such Toll-gate or Bar shall be placed.

IX. And whereas by several Acts of Parliament for the Amendment and Preservation of the publick € Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, the Persons guilty of several Offences against the said Acts are subject to the Forfeiture of one of the Horses or Bealls drawing the Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, of such-Offender, with all Gears, Bridles, Halters, and Accoutrements, to such Horse or Bead € belonging, upon Proof being made of the Offence upon Oath before one Justice of the Peace; such Horle or other Beast to be immediately delivered to the Person or Persons who seized or distrained the same, to and for his and their own Use and Benefit: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Person distraining is a competent Witness for the Proof of such Offence :* For removing of such Doubts, be it

Cttm&ioMfor further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven oBences against hundred and sixty-six, no such Conviction shall be bad or made, unless upon the Oath of one or more the Turnpike credible Witness or Witnesses not interested in such Seizure.

Acts, where the

Penalty is The Forfeiture of one of the FTbrfes, it to be upon the Oath of two Witnesses not interested;

Appeal to the X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves. Quarter Sessions aggrieved by the Determination of any Justice of the Peace, he, she, or they, may appeal to the then ‘owe next General Quarter Session of the Peace, who shall finally determine the Matter of such Appeal, and No Certiorari to a^ow such Costs, not exceeding forty Shillings to either Party, as stich Sessions shall think fit; on which lie against their Determination no Certiorari shall lie or be brought.

Determination*

Trustees mayaft

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Trustee or Commissioner of any

at justices in aH Turnpike Road appointed, or to be appointed, by virtue of any Act now or hereafter to be made, may aft Manet* relating as a Justice of the Peace in hearing and determining Offences, and alt other Matters, relating to such Road, 10'.h5 Ro*ds fotin as full and ample a Manner as if he was not Commissioner or Trustee t any Law, Custom, or Ubge, to ^ae«.ey"P the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP.

Anno sexto Georgii III.'

C. 44.

A.D. 17616,

CAP. XLIV.

253

An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported 5 to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the Premium upon Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations irx America; to the securing the Duties upon foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging foreign-made Sails with a Duty; and for enlarging the Times limited for executing and performing several Provisions, Powers, and Directions, in Acts of this Session of Parliament.

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned, which have, by Experience, been found ufcfiH Pitunblc,

c W and beneficial, are near expiring :* May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it

may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That a Clause in an Act tirade in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign cUnfeHu Act of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to settle’ the Trade to Africa, for allowing, 10 Wil. 3*

during a limited Time, a Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; and which

which Clause was to continue in Force for the Term of thirteen Years, and from thence to the End of the TasrcontV7^r

then next Session of Parliament; and which Clause, after the Expiration thereof, was, by an Act made in !Jent Asti!*

the twelfth Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Anne, revived and continued; and also a ProvisoJnd a RioviVoU

in the last mentioned Act contained, that no Drawback should be allowed on the Exportation of any Act n Ann*;

Copper but such as had been, or should be, imported from the East hdies and the Coast of Rarbary only; wh?ch wasalf®

and which said Clause and Proviso, by several subsequent Acts of the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and of the fifteenth, twenty-frxth, and thirty-second Years of the Reign

of his late Majesty King George the Second, were continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June, one P

thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament;

shall be, and the same are hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth tre further eoa*-

Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and from thence to the End of the then next t.nued to 14

Session of Parliament. Ju»e 1774.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the eighth Year Certain ciaufcs of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of i* Act S Geo. this Kingdom, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported, and for reducing the Duties which were con* upon Bever Skins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves, and Nutmegs, imported, and for Importation of all Furs of the Product of the British Plantations, into this Kingdom only 5 and that the two Corporations of Aflu-^fts,

ranee, on any Suits brought on their Policies, shall be liable only to single Damages and Costs of Suit,

as relates to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to the taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported, which was to continue in Force Tor three Years, from the twenty-

fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, and from thence to the Enchof the then*

next Session of Parliament; and which by several subsequent Acts made hi the eleventh Year of the Reign

of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the second, eighth, fifteenth, twentieth, twenty-sixth,

and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, hath been continued

until the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, and from thence to the

End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the *ye farther con*

Expiration thereof, until the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, "nued to 2*

and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. Junc' ,774*

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the second Certain chufet* Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the better Preservation of his Majesty's in Act % Geo. Woods in America, and for the Encouragement of the Importation of Naval Stores from thence, and to 2* which were encourage the Importation of Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, ^"aTfublcqilent as relates to the Premiums upon Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine, which was

to continue in Force from the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and twenty-

nine, for the Term of thirteen Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which*

by several subsequent Acts made in the thirteenth and twenty-fourth Years of his said late Majesty's Reign,

was further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one,

and from thence to the End of the then next oeflion of Parliament; and which by another Act made in

the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was amended, and further continued until the-

twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; and which by another Act made

in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-

fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; Hull be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, are fWth?r coa-

until the said twenty-fourth Day of June* one thousand seven hundred and seventy four, and from thence to tinued to

the End of the then next Session of Parliament* Junej *7v*

5

-by v

A.D. 1766.

234 C. 45. Anno sexto Georgii III.

Act 5 Geo. 2«

IV. And be it Farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the fifth Year of ?hlCd b C°n* 1 the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his subsequentAfts Majesty's Plantations in America, which was to continue in Force from, the twenty-fifth Day of March, 'one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, until the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by several subsequent Acts made in the eleventh, nineteenth, twenty-fifth, and thirty-second Years of his said late Majesty's Reign, was further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth 11 further con- Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six,’ and from thence to the End of the then next tinued (excrpt Session of Parliament (except such Part thereof as relates to the Importation and Exportation of Foreign what relates to Coffee into, and from, the British Colonies and Plantations in America) shall be, and the same is hereby Lid Exportation Further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand of Costee) to 24 seven hundred and seventy-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

June, 1774.

which9Jasconl V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the nineteenth Year tinued by feve- of the Reign of his late Majt fty King George the Second, for the more effectual securing the Duties now ral subsequent payable on Foreign-made Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom; and for charging all Foreign-made Act* Sails with a Duty; and for explaining a Doubt concerning Ships being obliged at their first setting out to

Sea to be furnished with one complete Set of Sails made of British Sail Cloth, which was to continue in Force from the twenty-fourth Day of June± one thousand seven hundred and forty-six, for the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by two subsequent Acts made in the twenty-sixth and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

VI. And whereas by one or more Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament, several Provi-4 (ions* Powers, Authorities, Matters, and Things, therein contained, have been, are, or may be, re- quired, directed, or authorised, to be executed, done, or performed, on or before the Day or Days of passing or putting into Execution such Act or Acts, whereby the good Purposes thereby intended may li- c be defeated Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Act or Acts of Parliament hath or have passed, or shall pass, during this present Session of Parliament, whereby any Provision, form in fe ve ral R°wer» or Authority, or any Matter or Thing, hath been, is, or shall be, directed, required, or autho-

-or 108 e rized, to be executed, done, or performed, on or before any Day or Days which hath or have been, is*

are, or shall be, the Day or Days of the passing, or the Day or Days of the putting the said Act or Acts into Execution, or which hath, is, or shall have, elapsed, before the passing or putting into Execution any such Act or Acts respectively, or which cannot be executed, done, and performed, as therein is mentioned; then, and in each and every such Case, all such Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Matters, and Things, as have been, are, or shall be, authorised, directed, or required, to be executed, done, or performed, on or before the Day or Days respectively limited in every such Act, shall be, and are hereby authorised, directed, and required, to be executed, done, and performed, on or before the Day five Weeks of next after the End of this preffint Session of Parliament, by the Persons respectively who, in every such e n 0 Act respectively, have been, are, or shall be, authorised, directed, or required, to execute, do, or perform, the same, on or before the Day or Days therein limited; and all such Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Matters, and Things, as have been, are, or shall be, authorised, directed, or required, to be executed, done, or performed, on or before the respective Day or Days limited in every such Act respectively, may be, and are hereby authorised, directed, and required, to be executed, done, or performed, on or before the Day five Weeks next after the End of this present Session of Parliament, by the Persons respectively who have been, are, or shall be, authorised, directed, or required, to execute, do, or perform, the same: And all such Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Matters, and Things, so executed, done, and performed, on or before the Day five Weeks next after the End of this present Session, shall be as valid and effectual, and shall be so deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been executed, done, and performed, on or before the Day or Days limited in every such Act respectively $ any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

1* farther continued to 24 June, 1774.

The Timet li mited for exe-

Provisions, Powers, and Directions, in Acts of this Se/lion,

are enlarged to the Day 5 Weeks next alter this Session;

and the said several Provisions, Powers, Matters, and Things, being then execuied, are declared to be valid and effectual.

CAP. XLV.

An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British made Cordage; and for difeon-tinning the Drawbacks upon Foreign rough Hemp exported.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Wealth and Prosperity of this Kingdom doth very much depend upon the Improvement of its Manufactures, and the Exportation thereof; which Exportation ought, by all proper Means, to be encouraged, for the more comfortable Support of great Numbers of his Majesty's Subjects employed in the making or working of such Manufactures, and for the Enlargement of the Commerce of Great Britain: And whereas the Manufacture of Hemp into Cordage has, of late Years, been greatly improved in this Kingdom; and there is Reason to believe, that the Exportation of such Cordage into Foreign Parts would considerably increfte, if some Allowance was made upon the Exportation

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 45. 255

portation thereof:’ May it therefore plea fc your Majesty, that it may be enacted; ancf be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after from and after the first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, during the Term of five 1 July !'66» Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, there shall be paid or allowed ^rin^h« r«rn^ for and upon every hundred Weight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds Weight Avoirdupois, B0l^n:y0f2*. of Cordage, wrought up and manufactured in Great Britain from Foreign rough Hemp, or Hemp of the4d. 3S is al-Growth of Great Britain, except Hemp of the Growth or Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations lowed upon in America* which shall be really and truly exported out of this Kingdom to Parts beyond the Seas (except ®vcrYt wt-the Iftc of Man) by way of Merchandize, and so in proportion for any greater or letter Qjantiry thereof, nQ*

by way of Bounty, the Sum of two Shillings and four Pence three Farthings; which said Allowance or Britain Bounty shall be paid and answered to the Person or Persons so exporting the same, by the Customjr or from Forein Collector of the Customs, with the Privity of the Comptroller of the Port from whence the same shall rough Hemp, or be exported, on a Debenture to be made forth by the said Customer or Collector, according to the Entry Hj-mP of the Goods and the Shipping thereof, verified by the Searcher; and Oath made by the Exporter or Ma- Colo~

nufacturer thereof, on the Entry or Debenture before the Customer, or Collector or Comptroller of such nies exerted) Port, that the said Cordage is of British Manufacture, and made from Hemp imported from Foreign exported a* Mer-Parts, or from Hemp of the Growth of Great Britain, and not from Hemp of the Growth or Produce of chandize toFo-the British Colonies or Plantations in America; and exported, or intended to be exported, to Parts beyond re‘&n Farts» the Seas, and not relanded, or intended to be relarided, in any Part of Great Britain, or the Isle of Man 5 the Exporter with one or more Person or Persons first giving sufficient Security to the said Customer or The Exporter Collector of the Port, in a Penalty of the Value of the Goods (which Security the said Customer or Collector is hereby impowered to take in the Name, and to the Use, of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors) p^utiontoenT-that such Cordage so shipped, or intended to be shipped, or any Part thereof, shall not be relanded, or of, brought on shore again, in any Port or Place of Great Britain, or the Isle of Man; and such Security shall be discharged in the Manner hereafter mentioned; that is to say. For such of the said Goods as shall be entered for, or landed in, the Kingdom of Ireland, the Islands of Guernsey, <Jersey, Alderney, or Sarky the Condition of the Bond shall be, to bring in a Certificate in pifeharge thereof within six Months from Condition of the Date of the Bond; and within eighteen Months for such of the said Goods as shall be entered for, or the Bond, landed in, any of his Majesty's Plantations in America or Africa; and within thirty Months for such of the said Goods as shall be entered for, or landed in, any Port or Place at or beyond the Cate of Good Hope: Which said Certificate for such Cordage as aforesaid as shall be landed in any Port or Place where Certificate b* any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs shall be resident, shall be signed by the proper Officer or who 10 b® Officers of his Majesty's Customs there, importing that such Goods were there landed, testifyine the the Landing thereof; and for such Cordage as aforesaid as shall be entered for the Islands of jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, or Sarky shall be signed by the proper Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs, if any such Officer or Officers shall be residing in those Islands respectively; and for want of such Officer rending the re, then by the Governor of those Islands, or the Deputy Governor thereof respectively; and for such Cordage as aforesaid as shall be entered for any other Foreign Port or Place, to bring a Certificate under the Common Seal of the Chief Magistrate in such Port or Place, or under the Hands and Seals of two known British Merchants then being at such Port or Place, that such Cordage was there landed; or such Bond or Bonds shall be discharged, upon Proof, in either of the said cases, that such Goods were taken by Enemies, or perished in the Seas; the Examination and Proof thereof being left to the Judgement of the Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland respectively for the time being.

II. And, for the better preventing Frauds in the entering the said Goods to the Prejudice of the Re- Officer may

venue, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any openanUx*. Searcher, or other proper Officer of the Customs, after the Entry of any of the said Goods, and before or the Good*,

after the Shipping thereof, to open, and strictly examine, any Bale, Qiioil, or other Package, as now by

Law they may <Jo, to fee if the Goods are right entered; and if, on such Examination, the same shall be repacking the found to be right entered, the Officer shall, at his own Charge, cause the lame to be repacked to the same, if no Satisfaction of the Exporter; which Charge shall be allowed to the said Officer by the Commissioners of rr£ud appear, the Customs, if they think it reasonable; but in case the said Officer shall find Goods, or any Part thereof, c\J*°'"hich entered under a wrong Denomination, or to be less in Quantity than expressed in the Exporter’s Indorse- jslt0 oc\iiowH ment upon the Entry of such Cordage, whereby his Majesty would have been defrauded in the Allowance by the Comma-to be paid on the Exportation of such Goods, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; all honors of the f jch Goods, so wrong entered, shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and the Exporter or Owner of such Customi; CJoods shall also forfeit the Value thereof, to be prosecuted and divided as herein after-mentioned. ap^ar^therau*

Goods are forfeited with Treble the Value.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Dispute shall in nifputes

arise concerning the said Cordage; that is to f*v, Whether the same was made in Great Britain, or is in- whether the titled to the Bounty granted by this Act, the Onus Prcbandi shall lie on the Exporter, Claimer, or Owner B^nfl/Manu-thereof, and not on the Officer. fJZrr, intTied:

to the Bounty, the Onui Probandi to lie on the £xpurtcr.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the said Cordage shipped to be if the Good* be

x ported, for which Allowance is hereby made, shall be relanded or unshipped in any Port or Place in relanded without

Great Britan, or the Isle of Mart, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, without the Li- L,cence>

6 cence

be is to give a Certificate for the same, Ac,

256 C. 45. Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

untcft ?o case of cence of one or more of the principal Officers of such Port or Place first had and obtained, or unless it Di ft refs, they are be in case of Distress, to save the said Goods from perishing, the Goods (over and above the Penalty of theritthVhe" Bond to ^ev*c<^ anc* recovered to his Majesty's Use as aforesaid) and treble the Value of such Goods, penalty of \ht stall he forfeited and lost, and shall and may be prosecuted, recovered, and divided, in the Manner herein Bond, and Tre- after mentioned.

ble Value.

The Bounty to V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Allowance shall and may be be paid out of paid by the respective Customer or Collector, out of any Money in his Hands arising from Customs or the Duties upon other Duties upon Hemp imported, or to be imported, from Parts beyond the Seas; and the Money so b^the Customer accepted of in his or their Account as so much paid to his Majesty, and he and they is,

or Co!ieaor^Cr arc> an^ he, discharged thereof accordingly; and in case any Collector of the Customs in any Out and in case of Port in South Britain, or of any Port in North Britain, shall not have Money sufficient in his Hands to want of Money, pay such Bounty, that then every such Collector shall, if thereunto required, forthwith, without Fee or k.;.— - Reward, give to the Person or Persons intitled to such Bounty, a Certificate under his Hand, attested by the Comptroller, certifying to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in London, if such Cordage is exported from any Port in that Part of Great Britain called England, or to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs at Edinburgh, if such Cordage is exported from any Port in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, that he hath not Money in his Hands sufficient to pay the said Bounty, and also what is due for the same to such Person or Persons; and upon producing such Certificate, and the Debenture of the Cordage exported, the said rejnedive Commissioners of the Customs shall cause to be paid, without Fee or Reward, by the Receiver General, or Cashier of the Customs at London or Edinburgh respectively, to the Person or Persons producing every such Certificate and Debenture, the Sum or Sums of Money so certified to be due, out of the Monies arising from any of the Duties, Revenues, and Customs, under the Management of such respective Commissioners; and if the Receiver General, or Caftiier of the Customs at Edinburgh, shall not have Money sufficient in his Hands to pay the Bounty so certified to be due, the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs at Edinburgh, or any three of them, shall forthwith, without Fee or Reward, give such Exporter, or Seller for Exportation, a Certificate certifying the same to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs at London, which Certificates being affixed to the Debentures for the Bounty of the said Cordage so exported, and being produced to the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs at London, they the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and required, on Demand by such Exporter or Seller for Exportation, or other Person legally authorised to receive the same, that shall bring such Certificate and Debenture, to cause the Money thereby certified to be due to be paid by the Receiver General, or Cashier of the Customs, without Fee or Reward, out of the Monies that shall be in his Hands arising from any of the Duties, Revenues, and Customs, payable on Foreign rough Hemp, under the Management of the said Commissioners at Londow

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Bounty intended to be given by this Act shall not extend to Cordage remanufactured from any Sort of old Cables, old Ropes, or old Cordage whatsoever, commonly called Twice layed Cordage.

_r______r

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the

tion, or ceasing Customs or other Duties now payable on the Importation of Foreign rough Hemp, shall, during the Conor the Duties, tlnuance of this Act, be redeemed, or otherwise cease to be payable, so much of the Allowance to be Abaic^Mtobema(k on the Exportation of the Cordage before mentioned shall be abated, as shall bear a Proportion to made of the the Customs or Duties so redeemed, or that shall cease to be payable on rough Hemp; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And, for the further Encouragement of the Exportation of Cordage manufactured in Great Britain; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Drawback which by any Act or Acts of

Txpo^ation of Parliament is allowed and made payable upon the Exportation of Foreign rough Hemp from this King-Foreign rough dom, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

Repealed by St at. 9 Geo. 3. r. 35. §4.

Bounty not to extend to twice layed Cordage.

Upon Redcmp-

Bounty. Drawback allowed by any

Hemp, to ccafei Recovery and Application of Penalties and Forfeitures.

L’nMtation of

Actions.

[General Issue.]

Treble CofU*

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Penalties and Forfeitures in this Act mentioned, shall and may be prosecuted and determined by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh respectively, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and one Moiety of the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall be to the Use of the King’s Majesty, and the other Moiety to such Officer or Officers of the Customs as shall sue for qr prosecute for the same.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff* shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant Or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the iamef as the Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cafec by Law.

CAP.

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 46. 257

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for explaining Part of an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, relating to the Removal for Home Consumption of Spirits made for Exportation; for laying an additional Duty upon the Importation of Silk Crapes and Tiffanies; for allowing the Exportation of a certain Quantity of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic to Ireland free of Duty, for the Use of the Manufacturers there; for permitting the Importation into this Kingdom, from the Isle of Man, of a certain Quantity of Bugles; and for altering certain Regulations relating to the Tonnage of Ships exporting and importing Spirits.

WHEREAS by a Clause in an Act of Parliament passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his Preamble, wit.

present Majesty, intituled, An Act for more effequally preventing the excessive Use of Spirituous Li- ingCUufe in Act'

quors for Home Consumption 9 by laying additional Duties upon Spirits made in Great Britain, or imported into Geo. Ct 5*~ c the same \ and for better regulating and encouraging the Exportation of British made Spirits; and for Jecu*

ring the Payment of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors; it was, amongst other Things, provided and en- acted, That if any Distiller or Distillers for Exportation, after he, she, or they, have deport ted any- Spirits made for Exportation (whether raw or rectified) in manner as by the said Act is directed, in 4 a Warehouse or Warehouses, should be desirous of urtng any such Spirits for Home Consumption, and should signify such his, her, or their Desire to the Commissioners of Excise for the time being, it should and might be lawful for the said Commissioners, or apy two of them; to direct the Quantity of Spirits, so deired, to be taken out of such Warehouse or Warehouses, and delivered to such Distiller or Distillers, he, she, or they, having first duly paid to the proper Officer of Excise appointed to receive the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits, the Sum of forty Pounds ten Shillings for each Ton of such Spirits of the Strength they were taken into such Warehouse, videlicet, one to fix under Hydrometer Proof: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether, by virtue of the above-recited Clause, any Spirits made for Exportation, other than Spirits made from Corn, may be delivered out of such Warehouse or Warehouses to be used for Home Consumption, on Payment of forty Pounds ten Shillings for each Toil thereof:’ Now, for obviating such Doubts for the future, may it please your Mft fty, that it may be Power grtnted* enacted and declared; and be it enacted and declared by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and by and br the recited with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par- C,aurc dfcla^. Lament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Power granted by the said recited Clause SpiJitTonly u to remove spirits made for Exportation from l ut h Warehouses, to be used for Home Consumption, on made from Payment of forty Pounds ten Shillings for each I on of Inch Spirits, was intended to extend to such Spi- Com, M*lt, or rits as are made from Corn, Malt, or Melasses* and to Inch Spirits only.

II. Provided always, That no less Quantity than a Ten of such Spirits shall be taken out of any such Nodef« than r" Warehouse, at any one Time for Home Consumption. Ton to intake*M

, m out at a Time*

III. And whereas the laying an additional Duty on Silk Crnpcs and Tiffanies of the Manufacture of for Home Con*

Italy, may encourage the Manufacture of such Crapes and Tiffanies in this Kingdom ;’ be it enacted by fumption. the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and from and after sixty-six, there shall be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every Pound Weight of Silk 1 Au?ufti766p Grapes and Tiffanies of the Manufacture of Italy imported into Great Britain (each Pound containing sixteen Ounces) the Sum of seventeen Shillings and six Pence, over and above all other Rates and Duties pe, jyb° intake by any Act or Acts of Parliament imposed thereupon; and that the said additional Duty by this Act piaCe on jii iti-granted, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in such Manner as the Duties now payable upon Silk »un Silk Crepe* Crapes and Tiffanies of the Manufacture of Italy, have been raised, levied, collected, and paid; and all ?nd iftame* Monies which shall and may arise out of the said additional Duty, shall be carried to, and made Part of, tobc

the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund$ and the same shall be deemed and taken to be Part of the earned into, and fame Sinking Fund, and shall be issued and applied to such Uses and Purposes as the several Excertes, made Part of Surpluses, or Overplus Monies, comporting the Sinking Fund, are or may be issued and applied; and all the sinking Provisions of or in every Act, Law, or Statute, now in Force, for railing, levying, collecting, and paying tu,d* the Duties already imported on Silk Crapes and Tiffanies of the Manufacture of fta/y9 shall be in full Force, and shall be putin Execution, for trailing, levying, collecting, and paying, the additional Duty by this Act granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the A Drawback or said first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, upon the Exportation of such Silk one b.alf of the Crapes and Tiffanies, which shall have paid the said Duty by this Act imposed, there shall be allowed a beallolred^ Drawback of one half of the said additional Duty of seventeen Shillings and six Pence upon every Pound upon ^Expor- Weight of such Crapes and Tiffanies so exported, (each Pound containing sixteen Ounces) which said ution thereof. Drawback shall be made or allowed according to such Rules and Methods as Drawbacks ere allowed by any Law now in Force relating to the Customs on the Exportation of such Silk Crapes and Tiffanies.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fourteenth Day of From *nd ifirr

fune9 one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of his Ma- 14 June,17 jesty’s Subjects, being Natives of Great Britain or Ireland, to export from Great Britain to Ireland^ to be Ireland

used in the Linen Manufactures of that Kingdom, any Quantity of Gum Senega or Gum Arabic, so that M^uanJi/of

V OL. X. Li the Gam SttUaga m

258 'C. 46.

Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

Licence being first had from the Treasury;

ind the Ex-

portet giving Bond with Se-

ttle fame j

and producing a Certificate within 1 % Months v

Gums not to be

Gfim Arabic, the whole Quantity to be exported of both the said Gums, do not exceed thirty Tons Weight Averdupois rmt exceeding30 *in any one Year, without paying any Custom or Duty for or upon the Exportation thereof; provided Year-many °ne Notice be first given to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, of the Quantity of such Gums respectively so intended to be exported, with the Name of the Ship and Master in which the same is to be laden, and the Port in Inland in which the same is intended to be carried; and a Licence for that Purpose is taken under the Hands of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the said High Treasurer for the time being, which Licence he or they is and are hereby respectively authorised and impowered to grant* any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, before any such Gums respectively shall be shipped or landed on board any Ship or Vessel in Great Britain, to be exported to Ireland, curity for the by virtue of such Licence as aforesaid, the Exporter shall give Bond, with sufficient Security, to his Ma-due landing, &c. jesty> his Heirs and Successors, in the Sum of three Pounds and ten Shillings for every hundred Weight thereof, of such Gums respectively, that the same, and every Part thereof, shall (the Danger of the Seas excepted} be well and truly exported to, and landed at some Port in, the Kingdom of Ireland, to be named and ex-and warehousing pressed in such Bond; and, upon landing, be immediately lodged and secured in such Warehouse belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland, cr any three or more of them for the time being, shall direct and appoint; and to produce, within twelvp Months from the Date of each respective Bond, to the Commissioners of the Customs, or the Principal OfRcers of the Customs, at the Port where such Bond shall have been given, a Certificate under thp Hands and Seals of the Collector and Comptroller, or other Principal Officers of the Customs, at thp Port where such Gums respectively shall be landed and secured, that the same have been so landed and delivered into their Custody and Possession; and the said Gums shall not be afterwards taken out of such K^ns Ware- Warehouse, until the Owner or Proprietor of such Gums respectively shall have given Bond, with suffi-houL, tiUBond !cient Security, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Sum of fifty Pounds for every hundred and Security be Weight of such Gums respectively, not to export the same again from the Kingdom of Ireland, but to given not to cx- use, fell, or dispose of the same, in or for the Linen Manufaclufes of the said Kingdom, and for no other port the same, Use or Purpose whatsoever; and that he will not fell such Gums for any greater Price than he paid for but to use or dif-the fame; which last mentioned Bond shall continue in Force for one Year from and after the Date f°khf LhC famC thereof; and in case no Fraud shall appear within that Time, it shall and may be lawful for the Commis-Manut*aorci of ^loners of his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland, or any three or more of them, to direct the said Bond to be

the Kingdom,

See,

Commissioners of the Customs impowered to

toTrnportl<a cer-to g^nt Licence without Fee or Reward, in such Cases as they shall think proper, to any Person or Pertain Quantity of fons to import into any Port in England from the Isle of Man, in British Ships navigated according to Bugles from the Law, any Quantity of Bugles, not exceeding in the whole twenty-five thousand Pounds Weight Aver-lfleoi M«n. dupois, which were imported into the said Isle of Man, before the first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; so as Notice be given to the said Commissioners of the Quantities and Package of such Bugles so intended to be imported, together with the Marks and Numbers thereof, with the Name of the Ship and Master in which the same are intended to be laden, and the Port into which they are intended to be brought, and Proof be made by Oath of the Proprietor (or if the Proprietor be a Quaker, by his Affirmation) and by th^ Oath of one other credible Person, of the Time when the Bugles, for which such Licence is desired, were imported into the said Ife of Man,

Upon Entry rf "VIII. And be it further enacted, That upon Entry of any such Bugles, the Licence granted for im-the Bugles, the porting the lame shall be delivered up determined by the Master, or other Person taking Charge of the Vessel, to the

Licence for In- i- ix__________.. _r t_____r ..l a/p

porution to be dtlivered up.

Bugles liable to Duties, &c.

delivered up and cancelled.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs in that Part of Great Britain called England, or any three or more of them, at any Time before the twenty-first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, but no longer,

CliuGrs in two Acts ot 33 Geo. a. c. 9.

Act 3 3 Geo. c/iS.

Sc $ Geo. 3. c. 43.

See 5 Geo. 3

«. 30.

Collector or other Principal Officer of the Customs at the Port of Importation, to be by such Officer transmitted to the said Commissioners of the Customs to be cancelled; and the said Bugles shall be liable to the same Duties, Restrictions, and Regulations, in all Respeits, as Bugles imported into Great Britain from Foreign Parts are now liable to by Law; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary

notwithstanding.

IX. And whereas by an Act made in the thirty-third Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing the excessive Use of Spirituous Liquors, by laying additional Duties thereon; for shortening the Prohibition of making Low Wines and Spirits from III) eat. Barley, Malt, or other Grain, and from Meal, Flour, and Bran; and for encouraging the Exportation of British made Spirits; and for more effectually securing the Duties payable upon Spirits, and preventing the fraudulent Rclanding or lm~ 4 portation thereof; the Exportation, as Merchandize-, of British made Spirits is limited to Vessels of one hundred Tons at the Icaft: And whereas by another Ail made in the said thirty-third Year of his said Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Exportation of Rum and Spirits of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture, of the British Sugar Plantations, from this Kingdom, and of British Spirits made from Me* 4 Losses; the Exportation of Rum and Spirits from this Kingdom, as Merchandize, of the Growth, Pro- duce, and Manufacture, of the British Sugar Plantations, is also limited to Vessels of one hundred Ions at the Icaft-: And whereas by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An A:1 4 for the better securing, and further Improvement, of the Revenues of Customs, Excise, Inland and Salt Duties; and for encouraging the Linen Manufacture of the file of Man; and for allowing the Importation of fevered Goods the Produce and Manufacture of the said If and, under certain Rfrictions and Regulations; the Im-

portation

A.D. 1*766. Anno (exto Georgii III. c. 47.

c portation into this Kingdom of any Foreign Spirits is limited to Vessels of one hundred Tons at the Icaft; And whereas it v(ould be of great Convenience to Trade and Navigation if such Exportation to certain Places, and (qch Importation, were to be allowed in Vessels of lets Burthen than one hundred Tons; be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, any British made Spirits may be exported as Merchandize from this Kingdom to Africa and Newfoundland, in any Vessel not being of less Burthen thaa seventy Tons; and any Rum and Spirits of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture, of the Brit/Jij Sugar Plantations, may be exported from this Kingdom as Merchandize to Africa, Ireland, and foundland\ in any Vessels not being of lefr Burthen than seventy Tons; and that any Rum or other Spirits of the Growth and Manufacture of the British Sugar Plantations, may be imported or brought into this Kingdom in any Vessel of not less Burthen than seventy Tons; all which Exportation and Importation shall, in all other Respects, be made under and subject to the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Limitations, Restrictions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, in the said Acts contained reflectively, and not otherwise.

CAP. XLVII.

259

6 Geo. 3. c. 40.

7 Geo. 3.

c. 45»

From anj after 24 pine, 17^6,

Brin^ marie Spi ns allowed :o be exported j

and Runn and Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, to be exported, or importrd, in Vessrls nrt less than 70 Toni Burthen,

An Act for laying additional Duties on certain Spirits imported; and for prolonging the Time allowed by Law for lodging and keeping in Warehouses Rum and Spirits imported.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Importation of Foreign Brandy^and Spirits hath of late confiJerahfy increased^

u.v, inipuiiauvii vr* iuiv.jrn uiauuy ailU upjiua U4UI VI

. to the Prejudice of the Trade of his Majesty *s Dominions :* Therefore we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, most humbly be-fetch your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, the following additional Rates and Duties of Excii herein after-mentioned; that is to say, For every Gallon of Single Brandy, Spirits, or Aqua Vitae, imported into Great Britain from beyona the Seas, not being the Produce of the British) Colonies or Plantations, to be paid by the Importer before landing, six Pence; and for every Gallon of Brandy, Spirits, or Aqua Vitae, above Proof, commonly called Double Brandy, imported into Great Britain from beyond the Seas, not being the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, to be paid by the Importer before landing, one Shilling,

The following; adriirioiul Dutifl on Foreign Spi-riruom Liquort to take p'?ce from and after 1 July, 1766; vit. 6 J. per Gallon on Single Brandic*, &c.

Sc is. per Gallon on Double Brandies, &c. to be paid before

landing.

II. And, for the better ascertaining, charging, collecting, railing, levying, and securing, the said addi- The Duties to tional Rates and Duties, and preventing Frauds therein; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, be under the That such of the Rates and Duties as are hereby imposed upon the said Spirituous Liquors imported into Rpc,»pt ®nd England, IVaUi, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the Receipt and Management the Commissioners and Officers of his Majesty's Revenue of Excise in England for the time being; and £0*ercf that such of the said Rates and Duties as are hereby imposed upon the said Spirituous Liquors imported ccr* of Exufej into Scotland, shall be under the Receipt and Management of the Commissioners and OlHcers of Excise in Scotland for the time being; and the said respective Commissioners, or the major Part of them, have hereby Power, by Commission under their respective Hands and Seals, to constitute and appoint under them such Officers as shall be necessary in that Behalf; and that all the Monies arising by the said addi- and to be paid tional Rates and Duties in Great Britain, or any Part thereof (the necessary Charges of raising and into the Exche-accounting for the same excepted) shall, from time to time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's qu.er*rnd Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be applied in such Manner as the Duties laid on Brandy, Spirits, and Aqua Vitre, by an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the -3 W

Second, for preventing the excessive U(e of Spirituous Liquors, by laying additional Duties thereon, and for other Purposes, are now appropriated and applied.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the additional Rates and Duties by this an! to be a for. Art granted, shall be ascertained, charged, collcded, raised, levied, and secured, in such and the same tainrh lcvicd* M inner, and under such Regulations, and with such Powers and Authorities, as are granted, prescribed, former*!)* and appointed, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, with respect to the Rates and Dutiesupo^he* formerly granted upon the Importation of the said Spirituous Liquors. Lid Liquors,

IV. And whereas by an Act passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Racial of 4 Cc*ge the Second, to impower the Importers or Prop: ictors of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Cla",cs in Plantations, to land the same before Payment of the Duties of Excise charged thereon, and to lodge 15 Gco'2#’

the fame in Warehouses at their own Expence, and for other Purposes, it vc.is enacted, That from and 4 Vter the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, all such Rum or Spirits of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of the British Sugir Piamarion*, as should he imported into the Kingdom of Great Britain directly from the said Sugar Plantations, or any of them,

upon the Entry thereof, might forthwith, and before Payment of all or ;mv Part of the Duty of Excise charged upon the same, be landed from on bo»rd the Ship or Vessel in which the same € should be so imported, and carried and put into such Warehouse or Warehouses as should be for

L 1 a 4 that

C. 48. Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

that Purpose provided (at the Charge of the respective Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Im- porters, of such Rum or Spirits) and should be approved of by the Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, for the time being, upon the Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, of such Rum or Spirits that should be so landed, first giving (at his or their Charge and Expence) his or

» 4 their Bond, or other good and sufficient Security, which the Commissioners or other proper Officers of the Excise were thereby required and impowered to take, for Payment of all and every the Duties of Excise which Rum or Spirits was charged with, and liable to pay, as soon as the same should be 4 fold, in case the same should be fold within six Months from and after the Time the same should be so landed and put into Warehouses as aforesaid; and in case the same should not be fold within the said six Months, then to pay the same at the End of such six Months.; such Duty of Excise to becom- puted according to the Gage of such Rum or Spirits, to be taken at the Time the same should be so landed and lodged in Warehouses as aforesaid: And it is in and by the said Act further enacted, That *c in case such Rum or Spirits should, after landed, be permitted or suffered to remain in such Warehouse or Warehouses, in which the same should be so lodged for the Purposes aforesaid, for any Time exceeding the Space of six Months after the same should be so landed and lodged in such Warehouse as aforesaid 5 and the Importer or Proprietor, or other Person or Persons by him or them appointed,

should not, within the said six Months, pay, or cause to be paid, to the Collector or Receiver of the Excise Duties appointed to receive the same, all and every the Duties of Excise to which the same were subject and liable; and should omit to procure or bring such Certificate, therein before directed to be had and made, from such Collector or Receiver to such Warehouse Keeper or Warehouse Keepers,

and to the Officer of Excise attending the same, of the Payment of the said Duties of Excise within the Time aforesaid 5 that then it should and might be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Ex- cife, or the major Part of them, for the time being, to direct and order such Rum or Spirits, so lodged in such Warehouse or Warehouses, for which the said Duties should not be paid within the A Time aforesaid, to be put up to Sale at Publick Cant or Auction to the best Bidder or Bidders for the same; and that the Money arising by such Sale should, in the first place, be applied in Discharge of the Duties payable thereon, and the Charges attending such Warehouse or Warehouses, and also the Expence of such Sale; and the Surplus of the Monies so arising by such Sale (if any) after payment of the said Duties and Charges, should go and be paid to the Proprietor or Importer of the said Rum

and Spirits who so landed and lodged the same in the said Warehouse: And whereas it may tend to the

Encouragement of the Importation and Re-exportation of Rum or Spirits of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the British Sugar Plantations into and from this Kingdom, and be of greater Ease to the Proprietor or Importer of the same, if the said Term of six Months, by the said Act given and granted for such Rum or Spirits so to be warehoused in the Manner by the said Act directed, be enlarged to a The Term of longer Time ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of

A Months July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, the said Term of six Months, so given and granted in

recited Act) for any by the said Act of the fifteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, above recited, Rum or Spirits shall be extended and enlarged to the Space of twelve Calendar Months for the Purposes in the said Act from the Brithh mentioned, under the same Provisions and Regulations, and with such Powers and Authorities, as are ,£ugirPlants* granted, preferred, or appointed, in and by the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament ‘hoofed* bcfo^T* now *n Force, with respect to the landing and warehousing of Rum or Spirits of the Growth, Produce, or ^Payment of the Manufacture, of the 'British Sugar Plantations into the Kingdom of Great Britain

;D«ue«of ExcKe, after 1 July, 1766, U enlarged to ix Months.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons <Gener)l Issue. shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence, in his or their Defence or Defences; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their Action or Actions, or be nonsuited, or Judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer, or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants Treble-Costs. shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against any such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XLVIII.

:<e«c,3<^Gco, An Act for the better Preservation of Timber Trees, and of Woods and Underwoods; and c. 30. for the further Preservation of Roots, Shrubs, and Plants.

iP^amblci ? WHEREAS the Preservation of Timber Trees, or Trees likely to become Timber, is of great

Consequence to this Kingdom P May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted ;s and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, determined by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority From and afr*r of the same. That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-£4 June, 1766, fix, every Person who shall wilfully cut or break down, bark, burn, pluck up, lop, top, crop, or otherwise via^of^e^ace» damage, spoil, or destroy, or carry away, any Timber Tree or Trees, or Trees likely to become glnp, defining. Timber, or any Part thereof, or the Lop9 or Tops thereof, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners ar«rr>ing away thereof first had and obtained, or, in any of his Majesty *s Forests or Chafes, without the Consent of the

Surveyor

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III.

G4B. 261

Surveyor or Surveyors, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, or Person or Persons intruded with the Care*"? Timbef of the same, and shall be thereof convicted upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses* before any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, for the County, City, Riding, Division, therewith*jt Distri&, or Place, wherein such Offence shall have been committed, shall, for the first Offence, forfeit Confont of the and pay such Sum of Money, not exceeding twenty Pounds, as to such Justice or Justices shall seem 0 ner> S f r-

be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding twelve Months, atrendinf'j an4 nor less than six Months, or until the Penalty and Charges shall be paid; and if any Person so convicted on Non r*y-£hall be guilty of the like Offence a second Time, and shall be thereof convicted in like Manner, such t?rbc

Person shall forfeit and pay such Sum of Money, not exceeding thirty Pounds, as to such Justice or no?mcrc tiu« Justices shall seem meet* together with the Charges previous to and attending such Conviction, to be 1*, nor leisth^n ascertained by such Justice or Justices who shall convict the Offender; and upon Non-payment thereof, 6 Months; far' such Justice or Justices shall commit the Offender to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where the Second the Offence shall be committed, thereto remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding eighteen Months, nor less than twelve Months, or until the Penalty and Charges shall be paid; and if any Person so convicted shall be guilty of the like Offence a third Time, and shall be thereof convicted in and on Non- ike Manner, such Person shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and the Court, by and before whom such payment, air t« Person dull be tried, shall and hereby hath Authority to transport such Person or Persons, for the Space rommitted of seven Years, to any of his Majesty's Plantations in America, in liice Manner as other Felons are directed |or to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm. ,2",

Months 3 and for the third Offence, are to be transported for 7 Year*,

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Oak, Beech, Chesnut, Walnut, Ash, Elm, Whit Trees >re Ccd ar. Fir, Afp, Lime, Sycamore, and Birch Trees, shall be deemed and taken to be Timber Trees dccmed Timb*r within the true Meaning and Provision of this Act. rfu?

III. And whereas many idle and disorderly Persons have*, of late Years, made a Practice of plucking or digging up, cutting, spoiling, or destroying, and taking or carrying away, divers and sundry Sorts of Roots, Shrubs, and Plants (many of which are of great Value) out of the Fields, Nurseries, Gardens, and Garden Grounds, and other cultivated Lands of divers of his Majesty's Subjects be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand 7eIr°dnsf®". seven hundred and sixty-six, all and every Person who shall pluck up, or cut, spoil, or destroy, or take 7* or carry away, any Root, Shrub, or Plant, Roots, Shrubs, or Plants, out of the Fields, Nurseries, Gar-or taking away^ dens, or Garden Grounds, or other cultivated Lands, of any Person or Persons whomsoever, without the any Root, or Content of the Owner or Owners thereof first had and obtained, and shall be thereof convicted upon the shrub, or Plant, Oath of one or more credible Witness or witnesses, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace ouf P"vtte for the County, City, Riding, Division, District, or Place, wherein such Offence shall have been committed,^r‘‘*J*

shall, for the nrfl Offence, forfeit and pay such Sum or Sums of Money as to such Justice or Justices shall forfeit/for the seem meet, not exceeding forty Shillings, together with the Charges previous to and attending such Convic- ift Offence, *ny tion, to be ascertained by such Justice or Justices who shall conviCf the said Offender; and if any Person so Sum net eicec*-convicted shall again commit the like Offence, and shall be thereof convicted in Manner aforesaid, such Per- "'I*

son and Persons being so convicted shall, for such second Offence, forfeit and pay such Sum of Money as to for the of the said Justice or Justices shall seem meet, not exceeding five Pounds, together with the Charges previous fence, a sum to and attending the Conviction of such Offender; and if any Person so before convicted, shall a third Time me exceeJing commit the like Offence, and shall be thereof convicted, such Person so convicted shall, for such third Of- >vilb lbc fence, be deemed guilty of Felony, and the Court, before whom such Person shall be tried, shall and hereby ,nd* XVhe hath Authority to transport such Person for the Space of seven Years, to any of his Majesty's Plantations offence, arct# in America, in like Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of be transported ihis Realm. for 7 Years*

IV. And whereas many idle and disorderly Persons have of late Years made a Practice of going into the Woods, Underwoods, and Wood-grounds, of divers of his Majesty's Subjects, and there cut, and carried away, great Quantities of young Wood, of various Kinds, for making of Poles and Walking pricks, and for various other Uses; and in Beach, and other Woods and Underwoods, under Pretence of getting Firewood, have cut down, boughed, split off, or otherwise damaged or dcftioved the Growth Persons con- of the said Woods and Underwoods, to the great Injury and Damage of the lawful Owners thereof: V1^fd ofcur- And whereas the Laws now in being are not found sufficient to remedy the aforesaid Kvils be it there-fore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who, from and after the *ry wJL,ur rwenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, shall go into the Woods, Under- Uv’crw...d, woods, or Wood Grounds, of any "of his Majesty's Subjects, not being the lawful Owner or Owners P°,cs s thereof, and shall there cut, lopr top, or spoil, split down or damage, or otherwise destroy, any Kind Wood or Underwood, Poles, Sticks of Wood, Green Stubs, or young Trees, or carry or convey awny ,a

the fame; or shall have in his, her, or their Custody, any Kind of Wood, Underwood, Poles, Sticks of wither bong* Wood, Green Stubs, or young Trees, and shall not give a satisfactory Account how he, she, or they, 'o icm nt came by the same, and shall be thereof convicted before any one or more of his said Majesty's Justice* uf f*ristof the Peace* on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses 3 shall, for the first Offence, forfeit the 5 fu€-

7 and

262

‘felt Tor the iff

Ode lice any Sum not ex* ceeti ng 40 s. with tl»e Chirgei 5 and for the 2d O tit nee any Sum not exceeding 5 1. with Che Charges j

C. 4$. Annb sexto Georgii III. c. 1766.

and pay immediately on Conviction, any Sum r>ot exceeding the Sum of forty Shilling, together with the Charges previous to and attending such Conviction, to be ascertained by the said Justice or Justices., who shall convict the Offender or Offenders: And if any Person or Persons shall commit any of the Offences aforesaid a second Time, and shall be thereof again convicted in Manner aforesaid; he, she, or they, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Supi of five Pounds, together with the Charges previous to and attending such Conviction, to, bo ascertained as aforesaid: And if any Person or Persons shall commit any of the Offences aforesaid a third Time; that then such Person and rerfops, being duly convicted thereof according to Law, shall be deemed and adjudged an incorrigible Rogue or Rogues, and shall be punished as such.

and for the 3d Offence are to be pumftied as incorrigible Rogues*

Power given to V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Juitires of the respective Counties, Cities, Ridings, Divisions, or Places, wherein any of the Offences committed against Pe^c to put this this Act shall be done, are hereby authorised to put this Act in Execution, and to administer an Oath to eution E*C" any credible Witness or Witnesses.

<u °n* 4 Vi- And whereas the Mischiefs intended by this Act to be prevented may be evaded on account of the Offender’s not being able to pay down the Sum forfeited, and Charges incurred thereby; such Offenders frequently having no Goods, or other Chattles, whereon the same can be levied;’ therefore be it Where the re- enacted, That it shall and may be (awful for such Justice or Justices, unless the respective Forfeitures shall spective For- be paid down upon Conviction forthwith, where not otherwise directed by this Act, by Warrant under feicures shall not his or their Hands and Seals to commit such Offender or Offenders, for the first Offence, to the House of Correction for one Month, to hard Labour, and to be once whipped there; and for the second Offence, Offende^mV where not otherwise directed by this Act, to the House of Correction for three Months, to hard Labour,

be committed and to be whipped there once iq every one of the said three Months,

to bird Labour; for the iff Offence for 1 Month, and to be onee whipped; and for the ad Offence for 3 Months, and to be thrice whipped.

Persons hinder*

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any ing, or attempt- Time, hinder, or attempt.to prevent, the seizing or securing any Person employed in carrying away any feiz^n Possen- f^ch Timber or other^Trees; every such Person so hindering or attempting to prevent such seizing or ders,"5 Cn" securing, shall, for every Rich Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds to the Person or Persons forfeit 101. to who shall convict such Offender: And if the said Sum be not immediately paid on Conviction, the Person the Personcon* or Pecfons so convicted shall be, by the Justice or Justices before whom he, she, or they, shall becon-

▼iaing them; vifted, committed to the House of Correction,' to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding fix

St;-? Calendar Months.

be committed to hard Labour, not exceeding 6 Months.

Application of

VIII. And be it further enacted, THat one Moiety of all and every the Forfeitures herein before dir Forfeitures not rested to be paid in pursuance of this Act, and not otherwise directed, shall go to the Informer, and the refieTto be" ' other Moiety to the Person or Persons aggrieved.

applied.

Convictions so

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Conviction and Convictions of be certified to all and every Offender and Offenders against this Act, shall be certified by the Justice or Justices of the the General Peace before whom the same shall be made, to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be filed and fikdSc^ConS, amongst lhe Records of the said Sessions; and that such Conviction shall be fairly written on Parchment or Paper in the following Form of Words (as the Case shall happen) or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect; that is to say,

Form of Con- <7- BE it remembered, That on the Day of in the

vision, 11J Year A.B. was upon the Complaint of C. D,

convicted before of the Justices of the Peace for in pursuance of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, for ' as the Case shall be.

Given under Hand and Seal the Day and Year above-written.

Coa\iflion not Which said Conviction shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes; and shall not be qu allied, let slide, or adjudged void or insufficient, for want of any Form or Words whatsoever; nor to be liable to be removed by Certiorari into his Majesty's Court of Kings Bench, but shall be deemed and be reroded. taken to be final to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

---

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 49. 263

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for opening and establishing certain Ports in the Islands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandizes; for granting certain Duties to defray the Expences of opening, maintaining, securing, and improving, such Ports; for ascertaining the Duties to be paid upon the Importation of Goods from the said Island of Dominica into this Kingdom; and for securing the Duties upon Goods imported from the said Island into any other British Colony.

---

WHEREAS the appointing of proper and convenient Ports in some of the British Colonies in America, for the more free Importation and Exportation of several Goods and Merchandizes, under certain Restrictions and Limitations, may be productive of considerable Advantages to the Manufactures of Great Britain, tend to the Improvement of the Revenue thereof, and be a Means of increasing and extending the Trade and Navigation of all his Majesty's Dominions :* May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par- From inJ af.cr liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of November, one, Nov*n,766,e thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, live Cattle, and all Manner of Goods and Commodities, the Growth Liberty given 6r Produce of any Colony or Plantation in America, not under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs import, in any and Successors, except Tobacco, maybe imported into the Ports called Prince Rupert's Bay and in the Island of Dominica, from any Foreign Colony or Plantation in America, in any Foreign Sloop, |,evcc Canl? ind Schooner, or other Vessel whatsoever, not having more than one Deck 5 any Law, Custom, or Usage,' to aii Matim4 of the contrary notwithstanding. Coeds, the produce of any American Colony, not under the British Dominion, into the Island of Dominica;

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day *nd into the of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, live Cattle, and all Manner of Goods and Commodities, the Growth or Produce of any Colony or Plantation in America, not under the Dominion of are h/r. p3rlicu. his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, except Sugars, Coffee, Pimento, Ginger, Melasses, and Tobacco, lariy mumcrat-may, in like Manner be imported into the Ports of Kingston, Savanna La Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa ed, excepted. Luceay in the Island of Jamaica, from any foreign Colony or Plantation in America, in any Foreign Sloop,

Schooner, or other Vessel whatsoever, not having more than one Deck 5 any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act But no Foreign contained shall extena, or be construed to extend, to allow any Manufactures from any Colony or Plantatation in America not under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be brought or ^othVsaid imported fnto the said Islands of Dominica or Jamaica; but that all such Manufactures, so brought and Minds, imported, shall be forfeited, together with the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be imported, with on forie vre of the Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture thereof; to be seized by any Officer or Officers of his Maj city's Cuf- the Goo ls toms, and prosecuted in such Manner as herein after is expressed. Vciid.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of Certain Goods September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, no Copper Ore, Cotton Wool, Ginger, Fuftic, or the Tr:d^r: other Dying Woods, Hemp, Indico, Melasses, Beaver Skins, or other Furs, Sugar, Cocoa, Coffee, Pi-

mento, Hides and Skins, Pot and Pearl Ashcs, Raw Silk, or Whale Fins, of the Growth, Production, or bitcu"o be in»- Manufacture, of any British Colony or Plantation in America^ shall be imported into the said Islands of j.orrdintocither Dominica or Jamaica, or either of them, upon any Pretence whatsoever, upon Forfeiture thereof, with the ©fiheuid Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be imported; to be seized by any Officer of the Customs, and pro- ,fUod‘ fccuted as herein after is expressed.

G -od« and VtfieU

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, from Ncgr0fS in Port-

and after the said first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, to export from the said rd ir.tu thri'jM Ports in Dominica and Jamaica, to any Foreign Colony or Plantation in America, in any Foreign Sloop, i^nds m Uria h Schooner, or other Vessel whatsoever, not having more than one Deck, Negroes brought into the said ".y tc Ports in Britif)) built Ships, navigated according to Law, and all Manner of Goods and Merchandizes 1

whatsoever which Avail be legally imported into the said Ports from Great Britain and Ireland, and from the dcc*cii VaTris; Britisi) Colonies or Plantations in America \ except Mads, Yards, or Bowsprits, Pitch, Far, Turpentine,

and Tobacco; and also except such Iron as shall be brought from the British Colonies in America; any asmayali nritult Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. -rtV

except such as ist here mcmioncJ.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if there shall be Doubt, with re any Doubt whether such Goods, so intended to be exported have been legally imported into the said Islands the U-

of Dominica or Jamaica; the Legality of such Importation shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the of such Collector, or other pfmcipal Officer of the Customs, at the Port of Exportation, by the Oath of the Ex- bTd/arc^up by porter or Proprietor of such Goods, before the same are suffered to be shipped for Exportation. the Oath of the

264 C. 49.

Anno sexto Georgii III.

Wool, and o?hrr ffnunv nted C od*, of Foreign Gmwtli,

upnn Exp'rration from eit her rf the Gid Islands, to hr iaipprted Erectly nto CJieat Britain, under Lhe Regulations established by Arts ?x Car. Xi c. 18. xx & S3 Cur. x. c. 26.

Ko Good? to be exported from Dominica to *ny Tart of Europe Noith of Cape JEinifterre, except t > Great Britain, where they are to be landed under the Regula-to ns. See. of Act

Sugar importrd into Dominica, fnav be expotted f-'om thence to any Foreign Parts of Europe Southward of Cape Finisterre, under certain Regulations.

A.D. 1766.

VII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, all Wool, Cotton Wool, Indico, Cochineal, Fuftic, and all Manner of dying Drugs or Woods, Drugs used in Medicine, Hair, Fur*, Hides, and Skins, Pot and Pearl Ashes, Whale Fins, and Raw Silk, of the Growth and Produce of any Foreign Colony or Plantation, shall, upon the Exportation thereof from either of the said Islands of ZW-nka or Jamaica, be imported direct, from thence into Great Britain, under the like Securities, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are particularly mentioned in two Acts of Parliament made in the twelfth, and in the twenty-second and twenty-third Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, the former intituled, ‘An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation,’ and the latter intituled, An Act to prevent the Planting of Tobacco in England, and for regulating the Plantation Trade,’ or either of them, with respect to the Goods in those Acts particularly enumerated; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the saidfirifc Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, no Goods whatsoever shall or may be exported from the said Island of Dominica to any Part of Europe to the Northward of Cape Finisterre, except to Great Britain; and such Goods shall be there landed under the same Securities, Regulations, and Restrictions, and subject to the same Penalties and Forfeitures, as are mentioned in an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation ;* or any subsequent Ad now in Force with respect to the Goods in such Ad particularly enumerated,

IX. Car. 2*

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, it shall and may be lawful to export, from the said Ports before mentioned in the said Island of Dominica, any Sugar which shall have been imported into the same, to any Foreign Parts of Europe, to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, in such Vessels only, and under such Securities, Regulations, and Restrictions, and subject to the same Penalties and Forfeitures, as Sugar, of the Growth and Produce of any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, may now be exported from such Colonies or Plantations to such Foreign Parts 3 any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

No Vessel with

X. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day Goods of the cf November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, it shall not be lawful for any Ship or Vessel what-West indie* f°ever> which shall load or take on board at the said Island of Dominica any Goods, being the Produce of flive Caitie ex- Part of America commonly called the West Indies (live Cattle excepted) to proceed to any other Island cepted) may pro- in the West Indies, which now is, or hereafter may be, under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs and ceed fresh bo- Successors, on any Pretence whatsoever, (actual Distress excepted) in which Case the Master or other Per-TC7thany ^on kav*n£ Command or Charge of such Ship or Vessel shall, in twelve Hours after his Arrival, report the RritTflj islands fame> in Writing, to the Collector, or the Chief Officer of the Customs, together with the Name of his except in case of Vessel, and where bound, and at the same time deliver in to such Officer a just and true Account of his Distress; Lading; and shall not, upon any Pretence whatsoever, take on board any Kind of Goods or Merchandize of which Report (needful Provisions for his Voyage, or Necessaries for Repairs, excepted, for which he shall first obtain a with made^to the from such Officer) and in case any such Master, or Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel,

Custom-house &all l°ad» or ^u^er to be loaded, any Kind of Goods or Merchandizes (except as before excepted), or, not Officer; being in Distress, shall, contrary to the Intent of this Act, come into any British Island in the West Indies; nor may take such Ship or Vessel, together with all her Guns, Tackle, Furniture, and Ammunition, and all Goods any Godson whatsoever on board of her, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted by any Officer of Mture^nhe ^ls ^ajc^y>s Customs, in such Manner as herein after is expressed.

VeflVUndGood*.

No Goods of the

XI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day' Growth or Mi- Df November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, no Goods or Commodities of the Growth, Pro-llr eorthe duftion, or Manufacture of Europe, or the East Indies, or other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, shall, EafMdics, wire. upon any Pretence whatsoever, be exported from the said Island of Dominica to any British Colony or Plan-may hr exported tation in America, on Forfeiture of such Goods, and the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be so ex-lr»m Dominica ported with all her Guns, Tackle, Furniture, and Ammunition; to be seized by any Officer or Officers to ny of the of the Customs, and prosecuted in the Manner herein after expressed.

British Araeri-

tan Colonies, oo Forfeiture of the Goods and Vessel.

Duty to be paid

XII. And whereas it is necessary that Provision should be made for defraying the Expences which may *f tfxpo?a.tltn be incurred in carrying into Execution the Directions and Provisions of this Act, and for maintaining, ForeiToVefilli ^curing, and improving, the said Ports ;’ therefore we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, from jaowica; *the Commons of Great Britain^ in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said -first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six* there shall be raised, levied,.collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a Duty of one Pound ten Shillings for and upon every Negroe which tit lo^oA^cj^rocs (hah be exported in any Foreign Ship or Vessel out of or from the said Island of Jamaica \ and the like Duty k*o Dominica: of one Pound ten Shillings for and upon every Negroe which shall be imported into the said Island of Dominica;

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 49. 265

and also the following Duties for and upon the Goods and Merchandizes herein after mentioned, which shall be imported into the said Island of Dominica; that is to say,

For every Barrel of Beef and Pork, six Pence, Duty a* other

For every Firkin of Butter, six Pence. GooS« imported

For every hundred Weight Avoirdupois of Sugar, six Pence. into Dominica*

For every hundred Weight Avoirdupois of Cocoa, two Shillings.

For every hundred Weight Avoirdupois of Coffee, six Pence.

And after those Rates for any greater or lesser Quantity of such Goods and Merchandizes respectively.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said Duties shall oe deemed and Dutiet to be taken to be Sterling Money of Great Britain, and be received to the Amount of the Value which such no- deemed a* ster-minal Sums bear in Great Britain; and that such Monies may be received and taken according to the Proportion and Value of five Shillings and six Pence the Ounce in Silver; and that the said Duties shall be Rat* of raised, levied, collected, and paid, and recovered, in the same Manner and Form, and by such Rules. Ways, Jt. 6d. per Os. and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as any other Duties now payable to his Majesty upon Stiver.

Goods imported into, or exported from, the British Colonies or Plantations in America, may be respectively

raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force; and that Application all the Monies which shall arise by the said Duties (except the necessary Charges of railing, collecting, j* levying, recovering, answering, and accounting for the same) shall be applied and disposed of, from Time to Time, in such Manner as his Majesty shall, by any Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, countersigned by the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, direct and appoint, for defraying the Expences of carrying into Execution the Purposes of* this Act, and for maintaining, securing, and improving, the said Ports; and if any Overplus shall remain of the Monies arising by the said Duties, after defraying such Expences as aforesaid, the same shall be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and be there reserved, to be, from Time to Time, disposed of by Parliament, towards defraying the necessary Expences of defending, protecting, and securing, the British Colonies and Plantations in America*

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of t b°,h*'d

November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, no Duties shall be paid, other than such as are herein coodtal»fore-before mentioned, for or in respect of any Goods the Growth or Product of any Foreign Colony or Plan- said imported ration in America* which shall be imported into any such Port in the said Island of Dominica (except such Into Don mica. Duties as have been, or shall be, imposed, by any Act of this present Session of Parliament, upon Melasses than those before and Syrups imported into any British Colony or Plantation in America) any Law, Custom, or Usage, to S^iponiMe-*" the contrary notwithstanding. syrup«.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of After lan.

January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, all Goods and Commodities of American Produce, 1767, a»i Ame-which shall be imported into Great Britain from the said Island of Dominica (except such Quantities of fican Sugar and Rum as shall be imported by Certificate as herein after mentioned) shall be deemed and taken Britain to be Goods and Commodities of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of Foreign Colonies or Planta- from Dominica, tions, and shall be liable to the same Duties, Regulations, and Restrictioni, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in (certificated Ruin all Respects, as the like Goods of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any French Colony or Plan* and Sugar citation would be liable to by Law. jepted} aremide

liable to the same,

Dutiet, tec. as like Goads of the French Colonies.

XVI. And it h hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day Licence to ?m-df January* one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, it shall be lawful to import from the said Island Port certificated of Dominica, in British built Vessels navigated according to Law, into Great Britain, any Sugar or Rum,

upon Payment of the like Duties and Customs as are now payable upon the Importation of Sugar and Rum und^r certain respectively of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of the British Colonies or Plantations in America; conditions and and such Goods shall, in all other Respects, be liable to the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as Regulations. British Sugar and Rum are now liable to by Law; provided the Person loading such Sugar and Rum on board any Ship or Vessel in the said Island of Dominica shall, before the Clearing out of the same, prove to the Satisfaction of the Collector, or other principal Officer of the Customs, at the Loading Port, that the said Goods bona JiJe grew, or were produced and manufactured in the said Island of Dominica, by the Oath of the Grower, Maker, or Shipper, of such Goods, or his or their known Agent or Factor, expressing in Words at Length, and not in figures, the Quality of the Goods so shipped, with the Number and Denomination of the Packages; which Oath shall be administered by such Collector, or other principal Officer of the Customs, and signed in his Presence by the Person proving the Fa&s; and the Collector, or other principal Officer of the Customs, before whom such Proof shall be made, shall thereupon grant to the Master, or other Person having the Charge of the Ship or Vessel, a Certificate, under his Hand and Seal of Office (without Fee or Reward) of his having received such Proof pursuant to the Directions of this Act; which Certificate shall exprefi the Quality of the Goods shipped on board such Ship or Vessel, with the Number and Denomination of the Packages; and upon the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel into any Port in this Kingdom, the Master or other Person taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall, at the Time he makes his Report of his Cargo, deliver the said Certificate to the Collector, or other principal Officer of the Custonvj, in such Port, and make Oath before him, that the Goods so reported are the same that are mentioned in the said Certificate.

266 C. 49.

Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

Ko Goof Anifricau f’io-G-'Cc, liable to D t!c«, to b imported imo *ny British Colony from Dom oiv.1, with tr a Certificute;

on Ko: future of

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, no Goods or Commodities whatsoever of American Produce, liable to the Payment of any Duty on Importation into any British Colony or Plantation on the Continent of America, shall be imported there, from the said Island of Dominica* without a Certificate, to be produced and proved in the Manner before directed, (petrifying whether such Goods are the Growth or Produce of any Foreign or British Colony or Plantation, on Forfeiture of such Goods, and the Vessel in which the same shall be imported; to be seized and prosecuted as herein after is directed.

the Good? and Vessel.

Application of

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies arising by the faij the DutMt pay- Duties upon the Importation into this Kingdom, from the said Ports in the Ifljnd of Dominica, of such *ortati*onh *00^s and Merchandizes as are herein before diretfted to be deemed and taken to be of French or Foreign Good^Tmo Great ^r°duce, shall (except the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, recovering, paying, and accounting for, Britain from the same) be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and be applied and disposed of to such Use* Dominica, a»arc as the Duties upon such Foreign Goods are now applicable unto.

d c.xcd of

French or foreign produce,

warehoused, and to be dehvrred out, if for Exportation, upon certain Condi-

Dvjt-e? payable

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That thelm-upon importa- porter or Proprietor of any Goods or Commodities liable to the Payment of any Duties to his Mapfty* tion of uncerti- his Heirs or Successors, which shall be lawfully imported from the said Island of Dominica into Great Bri-u alfTro*orted tain, after the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, without any such from Dominica Certificate as is herein before mentioned, shall and may, upon the Importation thereof, pay down in ready %iz% opm,) Money to the Collector of his Majesty's Customs, only three Pence per hundred Weight Avoirdupois upon

Sugars j Sugars so imported; and only one-half of the Old Subsidy granted by the Act of Tonnage and Poundage*

"P®"other made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, upon all other Goods j which said rc-NoD-awback to ^c^ve Duties shall not be afterwards drawn back or repaid upon the Exportation of such Sugars, and other be allowed cn ' Goods; provided the same shall, upon landing, be immediately lodged and secured under the King’s Locks, the Exportation, in Warehouses provided at the foie Expence of the Importer or Proprietor thereof, with the Privity and sugars arwi Approbation, and under the Care and inspectiom of the Commissioners or Principal OiBcers of the Cuf-Coo<b be toms for the Port where such Sugary and other Goods, shall be imported $ and shall not be delivered out of any such Warehouse but upon the following Conditions; that is to say, if such Sugars, or other Goods* or any Part thereof, shall be delivered for Exportation to Foreign Parts, the Owner or Exporter thereof, together with one other sufficient Person, shall enter into Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Treble the Amount of the full Duties which would be due and payable for such Sugars, or other Goods, if the same were consumed in this Kingdom; with Condition that no Part of such Sugars* and other Goods, shall be relanded in Great Britain ox Ireland, or any of the Dominions belonging to the Crown of Great Britain; which Bonds shall be discharged in the same Manner as the Bonds given for the due Exportation of prohibited East India Goods are discharged by any Law now in Force.

If such Su?»rs ,or aX. And, the better to prevent the relanding such Sugars, or other Goods, be it further enacted by the Goods be reland- Authority aforesaid, That if any such Sugars, or other Goods, shall be relanded, or unshipped to be relanded* ed, or unshipp^d, contrary to this Act, the same, together with the Boats, Lighters, or any other Vessels, Horses, or other Aa^KeyVc13 Cattle and Carriages whatsoever, which may be employed or made use of in the Removal, Carriage, or forfeited, with Conveyance, thereof, as also the Ship or Vessel from which the same shall be unloaded, together with her the Vessel and Furniture and Apparel, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Gtrriaie em- Customs; and all and every Person or Persons who shall be assisting, or otherwise concerned in the un-pl7p^ere,n5 shipping or relanding such Sugars, or other Goods, or to whose Hands the same shall knowingly come after cerned torfeit011" unshipping thereof, shall forfeit Treble the Value of such Sugars, and other Goods -y which said Penalties and Forfeitures shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, recovered, and divided, in such Manner and Form, and by such Rules and Regulations, as Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted for unshipping prohibited or uncustomed Goods in this Kingdom may be prosecuted, sued for, recovered, and divided, by any Law now in Force.

XXI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Sugars, or other Goods, shall be shipped, or permitted to be shipped or loaclen, for Re exportation from Great Britain, on board any Ship or Vessel of less Burthen than Seventy Tons; to be ascertained by the exportation, not same Rules and Dimensions, as the Tonnage of Ships importing Brandy and other Spirits into this King-to be under 70 dorn ;s to be ascertained, by an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, irni-to°be ascertained tu^C(^> An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Publick Revenues of Excise, Customs, Stamp pursuant to Act Duties, Post Office, and House Money/

6 Geo. x.

jf the Sugars or

XXII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Sugars, or other Goods be taken Goods, shall be taken out of any Warehouse wherein the lame shall be secured as aforesaid, in order to be rut for Home ufecj in t]n's Kingdom; the Person or Persons, so taking out the same, shall first pay up the Remainder of the Duties which would have been due and payable upon the Importation of the like Sugars or other Goois, of the Growth or Production of the French Colonies or Plantations in America, into this Kingdom; and they shall, in all other Respects, be liable to the same Restrictions and Regulations as such French Sugars and Goods would have been subject and liable to if this Act had not been made,

Treble Value.

Vessel on board vi hich Sugars or Goods shall be shipped for Re

consumption, the Remainder et the Duties to be paid, &c.

A.D. 1766. Anno (exto Georgii III. c. 50. 267

XXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if such Sugars or Goods shall not be either exported, or the full Duties paid for the same, within twelve Calendar Months from the Importation thereof, but shall then continue and be still remaining in the said Warehouses; in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs for the time being, or any three or more of them, to cause the said Sugars, or other Goods, so remaining, to be publickly sold by Auction, or Inch of Candle, to the best Bidder; and the Money arising by such Sale, to be applied first in Discharge of the Duties, and Expences of such Sales; and the Overplus, if any, to be paid to the Importer or Proprietor of such Sugars or Goods, or other Persons authorised to receive the same.

Duties sod

If they Anil be neither exported, nnr the lull Duties paid within a Year, CufHm house may fe»l the fa-r e; and apply the Monies in Discharge of the Charge.

XXIV. And for the better and more effectual preventing the Importation of Foreign Sugars into this Kingdom, from the said Island of Dominica, under Pretence that the same are the Growth and Produce of that Island; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of Nzvem- Foreign Su*ir* her, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-ftven, all Foreign Sugars which shall be imported into the said ' pcf«d into Island of Dominica, shall, upon landing, be immediately deposited in Warehouses, provided at the foie Ex- Wjrnc^.j!° 8 pence of the Importer or Proprietor thereof, with the Privity and Approbation, and under the Care and r c Inspection of the Collector, or other principal Officer of the Customs, at the Port where such Sugars shall be landed, and shall be there secured, under the separate Locks of such Officer and the Proprietor, till the same shall be shipped for Re-exportation; and before such Sugars are delivered out for Exportation to *nd before l>c'n 5 Great Britain, every Cask shall be marked, in such Manner as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England shall think proper to direct, to denote that such Sugars are Foreign, and have been warehoused: qt?c][ jirj°"jn*t® And if any Foreign Sugars shall, after the said first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty- be marked, by seven, be landed in the said Island of Dominica without being so warehoused, or shall be shipped for Ex- the Custom-portation to Great Britain without being marked in the Manner before directed, the same shall be forfeited; house Oiiicen; and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Customs, and prosecuted as herein after is directed. thertof

XXV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Duty of Gunpowder penalty on nor any Fee or Reward whatsoever shall be demanded, taken, or received, by any Officer or Officers officers erasing whatsoever, in the said Islands of Dominica and Jamaica, for any Entry, Croquet* Clearance, or Passport, or taking Fm* of or for any Foreign Ship or Vessel; or for any Goods imported into, or exported from, the said Islands,

in such Foreign Ship or Vessel, in pursuance of this Act 5 under the like Pains and Penalties as are inflicted upon Officers exacting and receiving greater Fees than are allowed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for more effectually securing and encouraging the Trade or his Majesty's American Dominions, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted Recovery and

by this Act, which shall be incurred in America, shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, recovered, and Application of divided there, in the same Manner and Form, by the same Rules and Regulations, in all Respects, as any a?d

other Forfeitures or Penalties inflicted by any other Act of Parliament for Offences against the Laws re-

bting to the Customs or Trade of his Majesty's Colonies, may, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, be prosecuted, sued for, recovered, and divided.

[Act to contim*

XXVII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That this Act shall continue in Force to the first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, and from thence to the End of the in Force to then next Session of Parliament. 1 No?. 1773.

CAP. L.

An Act for allowing the Conveyance, from the Ports of Southampton and Portsmouth to the Pore of Cowes, in the Isle of Wight, of Goods not liable to Duty on Exportation, or prohibited to be exported, and of Sheep and Cattle, between the said Ports, without Coquets being taken, or Bonds entered into for that Purpose; and for extending an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for taking Affidavits in the Country, to be made use of in the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, to the Isle ot Man; and for appointing Ports and Places for shipping and landing Goods in the said Island.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles 13 & I4 c,tr. a. the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and regulating Abuja in his Majeshf s Customs, r. 11.

and other Laws now in Force, no Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, can be shipped or put on board to

be carried forth to the open Sea, from any Port, Creek, or Member in Great Britain, to be landed at any other Plice in this Realm, without a Sufferance or Warrant from the Officers of the Customs, and a Cocquet taken out for such Goods, and a Bond entered into for the due Delivery and Lhicharge thereof: And whereas the taking out such Croquets, and entering into such Bonds, for Goods that are not prohibited to be exported, nor liable to any Duties upon Exportation, which are flnpptd at the Ports of Southampton and Portsmouth to be carried to the Isle of Wight, and for live Cattle lent to and from the said iflan i,

is attended with great Trouble and Expence t the Inhabitants of the said Bland, and the Farmers an I 4 Graziers in the County of Southampton Therefore, to remedy this Inconvenience for the future, may ;C please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and i*.e it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

Mm2 and

268 C. 51. Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

from and after and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Libert* Yvenof ^ar^amfnt assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of July, one coore*ingV from thousand seven hundred and uxty-six, no Cocquet or Bond shall be required by any Officer or Officers of Ports of the Customs, or others, from the Master or Owner of any Hoy, Vessel, or Boat, or any other Person for Southampton carrying or conveying any Kind of Goods, Ware?, or Merchandizes, from the said Ports of Southampton and Portsmouth and Portsmouth to the Port of Cowes in the Isle of IVlght, which are or shall not be prohibited to be exported Co Its iruh* ^rom Great Britain to Foreign Parcs, nor liable to any Custom or Duty to his Majesty, his Heirs or Succcf-

isle of Wight, ^ors» on the Exportation thereof j nor shall any such Cocquet or Bond be required for carrying or con-Coods not liable veying Sheep, provided the same be carried in open Boats or Hoys, nor any other Kind of live Cattle to Duty on Ex (Horses and Lambs excepted) between the said Port of Cowes and the said Ports of Southampton and portion or and Portsmouth, or either of them j any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary thereof in any wise not-

prohibited to be exported; and Withstanding.

of Sheep and Cattle, without Cocquet* taken, or Bond entered into for the Purpose.

Chuse in Act 5 Geo. y c. 39.

Powe- granted byAct 29 Car. 2. c. 5. for taking Affidavits, See.

extended to the lHe of Mao.

Power given to appoint Ports and Places for /hipping and landing Goods in the Me of Man;

to be under the Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures mentioned in AO 13 & 14 Car. t. See.

Penalties to be sued for, Sic. as by Act 5 Geo. 3. C. 39. u dirctieJ.

II. And whereas by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for more effectually preventing the Mischiefs arising to the Revenue and Commerce tf/'Great Britain and Ireland, from the illicit and clandestine Trade to and from the Isle of Man, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That the fevetal Offences therein described may be enquired of, examined, heard, and determined, in any County within this Kingdom, in such Manner and Form, and by the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as if c the same Offences had been therein committed: And whereas it is necessary, in order to carry the intention of the said Act into effectual Execution, that some proper Person or Persons resident in the Isle of Man should be impowered to take Affidavits in the said Bland, concerning causes or other Matters which may be depending, or do in any wise relate to any Proceedings which may be bad in pursuance of the said Act, in any of the Courts in Great Britain \ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaidj That from and after the first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking Affidavits in the Country to be made use of in the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer,r and all the Powers therein contained, shall extend, and the same is and are hereby declared to extend, to the Isle of Man, ia as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as it the said Isle of Man. had been expressly named in the said last recited Act of Parliament; any Law, Custom, or Usage* to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas the ascertaining the Ports, Members, and Creeks in the Isle of Man, where Good- and Merchandizes maybe exported and imported, and the fveral Quays, Whaifs, and other Places, where the same may be laden or put on board any Ship or Vessel for Transportationr or unladen or unshipped upon Importation, may tend greatly to the increasing of his Majesty's Revenues of Customs and Excise, and to the Benefit of the fair Traders of this Kingdom and Ireland\ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall and may, from Time to Time, by Commission oc Commissions from the Court of Exchequer in England, assign and appoint all such Ports, Members, Creek', and Places, in the said Isle of Man; as shall be lawful for the landing, discharging, lading, or shipping of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, into or from the said Isle of Man; and by virtue thereof to fetdowa and appoint the Extents, Bounds, and Limits of every such Port, Member, Creek, Quay, Wharf* or Place, in the said Island; after which Appointment so made, all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes whatsoever, imported into, exported from, or carried Coastwise bn the said Island, shall be landed and discharged, laden and shipped, at such Ports, Members, Creeks, Quays, Wharfs, and Places, in the like Manner, and under the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are mentioned in an Act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in his Majesty's Customs,’ or in any other Act of Parliament in Force In Great Britain, with respect to Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, landed and discharged, shipped and ladeo, in this Kingdom; to be sued for, prosecuted, and divided, in like Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures incurred in the said Isle of Man, may be sued for, prosecuted, and divided, by virtue of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for more effectually preventing the Mischiefs arising to the Revenue and Commerce of Great Britain and Ireland, from the illicit and clandestine Trade to and from the Isle of Man.*

CAP. LI.

An Act for indemnifying Persons who have incurred certain Penalties inflicted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting certain Scamp Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America \ and for making valid all Instruments executed or inrolled thereon unstamptd Paper, Vellum, or Parchment.

Preamble, recit- g log Chuse* in f Atf 5 Geo. 3.

C. 12.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting and applying certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, towards further defraying the Expences of defending, protesting, and securing, the same; and for amending such Parts of the everal Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade and Revenues of the said Colonies and Plantations,

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 52. 269

as dintf the Manner of determining and recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures therein mentioned; certain Stamp Duties were granted throughout the Colonies and Plantations in America, which then were* or thereafter might be, under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; which said Stamp Duics were to take place from and after the first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five: And whereas by another Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to repealed by

repeal an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting and applying certain Geo. 3. C. isk Stamp Duties and other Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, towards further de- fraying the Expences of defending, protecting, and securing, the same; and for amending such Parts of the several Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade and Revenues of the said Colonies and Plantations, as direct the Manner of de termining and recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures therein mentioned; the said first mentioned Act was repealed, from and after the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six: And whereas it may have happened, since the patting of the said first mei»tioned Act, that Persons residing in, or resorting to, the said Colonies or Plantations, may not have been able to procure Paper, Vellum, or Parchment, duly stamped, as required by the said Act; and that such Persons, for want of the same, and other Persons reluing elsewhere by reason thereof, may have committed many Offences, contrary to the Directions, and true Intent and Meaning, of the said Act; or may have neglected to do what by the said Act is required; whereby such Persons have in- curred several Penalties and Forfeitures by the said Act inflicted v Therefore, for quieting the Minds of his Majesty's Subjects, and for preventing any Inconveniencies that might otherwise happen; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. Indemnification That all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who have committed any Offence or Offences (not granted for all being Felony) contrary to the Directions, and true Intent and Meaning, of the said Act, or haveneglected offences and to do any Matter or Thing required by the said Act, shall be, and he, she, or they, is and are indemnified t^rcatedBAft from all Penalties and Forfeitures which he, she, or they, may have incurred for such Offence or Offences, of'jolo 3. not (not being Felony) N eg left or Neglects, where final Judgement shall not have been given. being Felony

where fin 1

Judgement shall not have been given.

II. And whereas it was, by the said first mentioned Act, enacted, That no Matter or Thing whatso- ever, by the said Act charged with the Payment of a Duty, should be pleaded or given in Evidence, or admitted within the said Colonies and Plantations, to be good, useful, or available in Law or Eauity,

unless the same shall be marked or stamped, in pursuance of the said Act, with the respective Duty thereby charged, or with an higher Duty: And whereas it may have happened that many Deeds, In- struments, and other Matters and Thrtigs, by reason that damped Paper, Vellum, or Parchment,

was not to be procured, and may have been signed, sealed, or otherways executed, entered, or in- rolled, in the said Colonies and Plantations, upon unstamped Paper, Vellum, or Parchment, and by reason thereof, cannot be pleaded or given in Evidence, or admitted to be good, useful, or available in Law or Equity: And whereas by the said Act being repealed, there remains no Provision for making the said Deeds, Instruments, Matters, and Things, pleadable, or to be given in Evidence, or admillible as good, useful, or available, in Law or Equity, which may be attended with many Inconveniencies be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Deed, Instrument, or other Matter or ^11 Deeds a&A Thing, signed, ft*..led, or otherwise executed, entered, or inrolled, in the said Colonies and Plantations, instruments, during the Continuance of the said Act, upon unstamped Paper, Vellum, or Parchment, shall and may, e*«»te.i, entrr-from and after the passing of this Act, be admitted and allowed in Evidence in any Court whatsoever; and fd»or *4.

shall be as valid and effectual as if the proper Stamps had been iropressed thereon at the Time of the °lht

Signing, Scaling, or other Execution, or Entry or inrollment thereof; any Thing in the said Act to the contiManccof contrary notwithstanding. the recited Act,

upon unstamped Paper, Sec, are declared to be valid and effectual*

CAP. L!I.

An Act for repealing certain Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations, granted by several Acts of Parliament; and also the Duties imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament upon certain East India Goods exported from Great Britain; and for granting other Duties instead thereof; and for further encouraging, regulating, and seeth-ring, several Branches of the Trade of this Kingdom, and the British Dominions in America.

WHEREAS the several Duties herein after mentioned, imposed by certain Acts of Parliament to Preamble*

4 W be raised in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, have oeen attended with great Incon- veniencies to the Trade of his Majesty's Dominions; and it is therefore necessary that the same should be discontinued, and that other Duties should be granted in lieu thereof l* We, your Majesty is most: dutiful and loyal Subject, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

the*

270

Repeal of certain Duties in America, upon Foreign Melasses or Syrups 5 British Sugar }

and upon British Coffee and Pimento;

and upon certain Fa ft India Goods, Cambricks, and French Lawns, exported from Great Britain; and upon Coals; and certain East India Goods,

&c.

Duties to cease on I Aug. 1766. Condition of the Bond to be given on Exportation of East India Goods to the British American Dominions.

And from and after 1 Nov. j 766, the following Duties are to take place in lieu of those repealed 5 viz, on Melasses and Syrups,

Coffee,

and Pimento.

Exception.

Certified Mclaffes and Syrups from Dominica not chargeable.

from and after 1 Aug, 1766, an additional Subsidy to be paid for Silk Bast India Goods 5 and upon Calli-cocs publickly fold in Great Britain before X June, 1765; those exported to Hfrica excepted $ viz, 5 I,

C. 52. Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Duties imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament upon Melasses or Syrups of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture, of any foreign American Colony or Plantation, imported into any British Colony or Plantation in America \ and also the Duties imposed by an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, (for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trades, and for the better securing the Plantation Trade) upon Sugar, of the Growth, Production, and Manufacture, of the British Plantations in America* which should be laden there; and also the Duties imposed by an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reiga of his present Majesty, for granting certain Duties in the British) Colonies and Plantations in America, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, upon Coffee and Pimento, of the Growth and Produce of any British Colony and Plantation in America, which should be shipped to be carried out from thence, except to Great Britain, shall, from and after the first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, cease, determine* and be no longer paid.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties imposed by the last mentioned Act upon wrought Silks, Bcngals, and Stuffs mixed with Silk or Herba, of the Manufacture of Perfta, China, or East India, and upon Callicoes painted, dyed, printed, or stained there, and upon foreign Linen Cloth, called Cambrick, and upon French Lawns, imported into any British Colony or Plantation in America, from Great Britain, shall, from and after the first Day of October* one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Coals; and of several East India Goods, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, upon all wrought Silks, Bengals, and Stuffs mixed with Silk or Herba, of the ManufaChire of Perjla, China* or East India* and upon Callicoes printed, dyed, painted, or stained there, which shall be shipped for Exportation from Great Britain to any Part beyond the Seas, except to Africa, or the British) Dominions in America* shall, from and after the first Day of August* one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, cease, determine, and be no longer paid; and from thenceforth so much of the last recited Act as directs, that upon the Entry of any East India Goods herein before mentioned for Exportation to the British Dominions in America, the Bond for the due Exportation of such Goods shall be with further Condition, that the same shall be there landed accordingly, and not in any other Port or Place beyond the Seas, and to produce a Certificate within eighteen Months under the Hands and Seals of the Collector, or other principal Officer of the Customs residing at the Port or Place in the British Dominions in America, for such of the said Goods as shall be landed there, testifying the landing thereof, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be, repealed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several and respective Rates and Duties herein after mentioned; that is to say.

For every Gallon (Wine Measure) of Melasses and Syrups, which shall be imported or brought (except as is herein after-mentioned) into any Colony or Plantation in America, which now is, or hereafter may be, under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, one Penny.

For every Hundred Weight Avoirdupois of Coffee, of the Growth and Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, which shall be imported or brought from thence into any other British Colony or Plantation in America, seven Shillings.

And for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of such British Pimento, which shall, in like Manner, be imported or brought into any such British Colony or Plantation, one Half-penny; except only such British Coffee and Pimento as shall be warehoused under the Regulations and Restrictions herein after-mentioned; and after those Rates for any greater or less Quantity of such Goods respectively.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duty herein before granted upon any Melasses or Syrups, shall not be charged or payable upon any Melasses or Syiups imported into any British) Colony or Plantation on the Continent of America from the Island of Dominica, for which a Certificate shall be produced upon the Importation thereof, to the Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs at the Port of Importation, under the Hand and Seal of Office of the Collector, or other principal Officer of the Customs at the Port of Exportation in Dominica* certifying that the said Duty hath been there paid for such Melasses or Syrups * any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, there shall be also raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all wrought Silks, Bengals, and Stuffs mixed with Silk or Herba, of the Manufacture of Persia* China, or East India; and upon all Callicoes printed, dyed, painted, or stained there, which shall have been nublickly fold in Great Britain on or before the fuft Day of Junet one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six; except for such of the aforesaid Goods as shall be exported to Africa* as herein after mentioned; a further and additional Subsidy of twelve Per.te for every twenty Shillings of the true and real Value of such Goods, to be ascertained by the Oath or Affirmation of the Owner or Proprietor thereof, before the Colletor of his Majesty's Customs for the Port where such Goods shall be warehoused; provided-the said Subsidy shall be paid down to such Collector in ready Money, without any Deduction or Allowance whatsoever, on or before the first Day of September, one thousand seven hundred

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 52. 271

hundred and sixty-six t but ff the Owner or Proprietor of such Goods shall not chuse to pzf down the said per Cent. * Subsidy for such Goods before that Time, then the same shall be paid down in ready Money to the Collector *>p©n

of the Customs for the Port where such Goods shall be secured, according to the gross Price or Value of the

such Goods at which the same were sold at the publick legal Sales thereof in this Kingdom, Without any Deduction or Allowance whatsoever, before such Goods shall be taken out of any Warehouse wherein the if other ViCe, fame shall be secured in this Kingdom, according to the

gro6 Price thereof at the publick Sales.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That this Act shall not extend to charge Duty not to ex. such of the before-mentioned Goods with this Duty, which have been sold as aforesaid before the said first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-ilx, as shall be hereafter exported from this Kingdom tO Africa. which shall be exported to Africa.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be also raised, levied. Additional Du.

collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all wrought Silks, Bengals. ties upon such and Stuffs mixed with Silk or Herba, of the Manufacture of Perfta, China, or East India* and upon all r‘ldD°°dj k.idat Cpllicoes printed, dyefd, painted, er stained there, which shall be publickly fold in Great Britain after the said first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, over and above any other Duty now pay- *juoe, ,7$6. able for the same, the like Sum of twelve Pence for every twenty Shillings of the true and real Value of such Goods, according to the gross Price at which the same ftull be sold at the publick legal Sales thereof

in this Kingdom; which said Subsidy shall be paid and secured by the united Company of Merchants of10 kcPaId by the-

England trading to the East Indies, for such of the said Goods as shall be so sold at the said Company’s Sales,

in the same Manner and Form, and by the same Rules and Regulations, as the Duties now payable upon

unrated East India Goods are paid and secured by the said united Company, by virtue of an Act made in porfuant to Act-

the second and third Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty lSc 3 AnrMt«

an additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage for three Years; and for laying a further Duty upon c French Wines condemned as lawful Prize 5 and for ascertaining the Values of unrated Goods imported from the East Indies :* And for such of the said Goods as shall, after the said first Day of June, be fold 3^ bfTid* at any other publick legal Sale in this Kingdom, the said Subsidy shall be paid down in ready Money to by the Propri*. the Col led© r of the Customs at the Port where such Goods shall be fold, without any Deduction or for. Allowance whatsoever by the Purchaser or Proprietor of such Goods; and the said Subsidies shall not be afterwards repaid or drawn back upon the Exportation of the same Goods; except to Africa^ as is herein after mentioned.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for such of Drawback the said Goods herein after mentioned, and no other, which shall be sold as aforesaid at the Sales of the ,owe*f £* said united Company, after the said first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, and shall uYnVn°?a°Goodt be exported from this Kingdom to Africa, the Exporter shall be repaid a Drawback or Allowance of the to Africa. Duty paid in pursuance of this Act, of twelve Pence for every twenty Shillings of the Value of such Goods, according to the respective Rates and Values herein after expressed; that is to say,

Alleijars, the Piece, twelve Shillings; Bejutapants, the Piece, twenty Shillings; Byrampants, the Enumeration©6 Piece, fifteen Shillings; blue long Cloth, the Piece, forty Shillings; Brawles, the Piece, four Shillings ;the Co9d,# Callaway Pores, the Piece, fifteen Shillings; Cufhtaes, the Pi.ce, twelve Shillings; Coopes, the Piece, twelve Shillings; Chints, the Piece, fifteen Shillings; Chelloes, the Piece, sixteen Shillings; Cotton Romals, the Piece, ten Shillings; Guinea StuftV, the Piece, four Shillings; Nicamees small, the Piece, twelve Shillings; Nicamees large, the Piece, sixteen Shillings; Neganepants, the Piece, twenty Shillings; Photaes, the Piece, fifteen Shillings; Saftra Cyndies, the Piece, twenty Shillings; Taplcils, the Piece, sixteen Shillings.

And such Goods shall, in all other Respects, be liable to the same Securities, Regulations* Restrictions, The faM Goodr Penalties, and Forfeitures, as the same Goods are now liable to by Law.

73 3 the uloal Regulation!.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of Duties upon

August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, there shall be also raised, levied, collected, and paid, Cam bricks and unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon every Piece of foreign Linen Cloth called Cam- Frcncb Lawn* brick, three Shillings; and for and upon every Piece of French Lawns, three Shillings; w^ich shall be l°

respectively shipped for Exportation from Great Britain to any Colony or Plantation in America that now

h, or hert after may be, under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; which said Duties shall be also paid down in ready Money to the Collector < f the Customs, without any Allowance or Deduction whatsoever, by the Owner or Proprietor of such G< ods, before the same be taken out of any Warehouse or Warehouses, wherein the same shall be secured in this Kingdom.

Xf. And it is hereby declared and enabled. That every Piece of Cambrick and French Lawns intended How the said to be charged with the Duty herein before mentioned, shall contain thirteen Lhs each, and shall pay Duty Dunes are to be for the same in that Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, according to the Sum herein before afccruwcd* charged upon each Piece of such Goods reflectively.

Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

272 C. 52.

Duties on Me-

XII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid Rates and Duties to be #Ik Syrwp* charged by this Act upon Melaflts and Syrups, Coffee and Pimento, imported into any British American Sterling Money. Colony or Plantation, shall be deemed and taken to be Sterling Money of Great Britain, and be received it rs. 6d per to Amount the Value which such nominal Sums bear in Great Britain; and that such Monies may O* in silver. he received and taken according to the Proportion and Value of five Shillings and six Pence the Ounce in Method of levy- Silver: And that the said Rates and Duties shall be raised, levied, amd collected, paid, and recovered, in ing and recover- the same Manner and Form, and by such Rules, Ways, and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as any other Duties now payable to his Majesty upon Goods imported into the said Colonies or Plantations, are or may be raised, levied, col levied, paid, and recovered, by any Act or Act of Parliament now in Force, as fully and effe£hially, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act: And that all the Monies that shall arise by the said Duties (except the neces-paid into the p Charges of raising, collecting, levying, recovering, answering, paying, and accounting for the same)

referredfor the he Pa^ *nt(? the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and shall be there reserved, to be from time to time diposed of by Parliament, towards defraying the neccflaiy Expences of defending, protecting, and securing the British Colonies and Plantations in America.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies arising by the several Rates and Duties by this Act imposed upon Wrought Silks, Bengals, and Stuffs mixed with Silk or be wid into the Herba, of the Manufacture of Persia, China*, or East India, and upon Callicoes printed, dyed, painted. Exchequer, or famed there; except the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, recovering, paying, and accounting for the same; shall, from time to time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, distinCMf rfnl carried Into *nd apart from all other Branches of the publick Revenue; and shall be carried to, and made Part of, the Sinking the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, towards making good the Annuities payable in respect of

Fund, toward* certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, charged upon the said Fund by an Act made in the lad

A,na"!- Session of Parliament.

tie* in rrlpect of Navy Bills, &c.

Condition of

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day Bond* upon Ex- of August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, upon the Entry of any Cambricks or French Lawns portation1 of for Exportation to any Place beyond the Seas, except to some British Colony or Plantation in America, the F«wch Uwn°i[ ®onc* which is now by Law required to be given for the due Exportation of such Goods (bail be, with to Places beyond further Condition not to reland the same in any Part of the British Dominions in America.

Seas, other than the British Plantations.

ing the said Duties.

Duties to be paid into the

future Dispofi-tk>n of Parliament.

Duties on East India Good to

No Duty to be paid for British Coffee or Pi snento, imported after 1 Nov. 1766, in'o any British Ameii-can Colony, provided the /am* be ware-housed,

and ihipved for Exportation within twelve Months; nor for any foreign Sugars, ^Coffee or Indico;

provided the same be ware-

housed, and shipped for Exportation within ja Months, under the Conditions and Regulations here cx-p relied.

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That no Duty whatsoever shall be paid for any British Coffee or Pimento, which from and after the said first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, shall be imported or brought into any British Colony or Plantation in America; provided the same shall, upon landing thereof, be immediately dcprdiud in Warehouses provided at the foie Expence of the Importer or Proprietor of such Coffee and Pimento, with the Privity and Approbation, and under the Care and Inspection, of the Collector and Comptroller, or other principal Officer of the Customs, at the Port or Place where such Goods shall be imported, and shall be feenred under the separate Locks of such Officers, and the Proprietor; and shall, wirhin the Space of twelve Calendar Months from the landing and warehousing the same, be shipped directly from thence for Exportation, either to Great Britain, or to some other British Colony or Plantation in America, under the like Securities and Restrictions as are now required by Law for the same.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, no Duty whatsoever shall be paid for any foreign Sugars, nor for any foreign Cofke or Indico, which from and after the said first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, shall he imported or brought into any British Colony or Plantation on the Continent of America; provided such Goods shall, upon landing thereof, be immediately depofired and secured in such Warehouses, and in the Manner herein before mentioned; and shall, within the Space of twelve Calendar Months from the landing and warehousing the same, be shipped from thence for Exportation, as herein after is expressed; that is to say. Upon Condition that such Sugars shall he exported either direct, to Great Britain, or to some other Part of Europe to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, under the like Securities, Regulations, and Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as British Sugars may be so carried and exported from any British Colony or Plantation in America, by virtue of any Law now in Force; and provided also, that such foreign Indico shall be exported to Great Britain only under the like Securities, Regulations, and Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are particularly mentioned and expressed in any Act of Parliament now in Force, with respect to Indico of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation; and provided that, before such foreign Coffee shall betaken out of such Warehouse for Exportation, the Exporter shall become bound with sufficient Security in the Penalties of five Pounds for every Hundred Weight of, such Coffee, that the same, and every Part thereof, shall be really and truly exported, according to the Entry, and not brought back again or relanded in any Part of the British Dominions in America; which Bond the Collector and Comptroller, or other principal Officers of the Customs at the Port from whence such foreign Coffee shall be intended to be exported, are hereby authorised and required to take, in the Name, and to the Use, of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors;

3 and

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 5S. 273

and the said Bond, with respect to such Coffee as shall be exported to Great Britain, Ireland or to any Condition of the other Place under the Dominion of his Majeshr, his Heirs or Successors, where Custom-house Officers g,v"n tLcfc are or may be established, shall be with further Condition, to return a Certificate within eighteen Calendar c

Months from the Date of such Bond from the Collector and Comptroller, or other principal Officer of the Customs, at such Port or Place, that such Coffee has been there landed accordingly; and with respect to such Coffee as shall be exported to any Place not under the Dominion of his Majesty, or where no such Officers are appointed, such Bond shall continue in Force for two Years from the Date thereof; and in case no Fraud mall appear within that Time, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England, or any four or more of them, to direct the said Bond to be cancelled and delivered up.

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if the Importer or Proprietor of any such Goods as shall if such waw-be warehoused as aforesaid, shall not pay the Duties due for the same, nor export such Goods within twelve [;oofc<1 Goodt Calendar Months as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Collector and Comptroller, or other principal Officer of the Customs, at the Port or Place where such Goods shall be secured, to cause the same to be Months, noAte publickly sold to the best Advantage; and the Money arising by such Sale shall be, in the first place. Duties natd* applied in Discharge of the Duties due and payable for such Goods, and the Charges attending the Expence Custom-of such Sale; and the Surplus of the Money so arising by such Sale (if any) after Payment of the said house may fell Duties and Charges, shall be paid to the Importer or Proprietor who so landed and warehoused such anTTv’the Goods, or to such other Person as shall be duly authorised to receive the same. Monies in Pit*.

- charge of the Duties and Charges, See,

XVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Licence given Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or to >mporc Duty-Persons to import any Cotton Wool or Indico, of foreign Produce or Manufacture, into any British Island f!£c Gotton In that Part of America commonly called the West Indies, in any Ship or Vessel that may lawfully trade to of foretgn Wo- and from the said British Island3, navigated according to Law, without Payment of any Duty or other jUce, into the" Imposition whatsoever for such Goods; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. Biittf* Wed

Indies, in Ships navigated according to Law.

XIX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day No Duty to be

of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, no Duty or other Imposition whatsoever shall be paid in America, paid, in any British Colony or Plantation in America, for any Sort of Cotton Wool exported from thence; ?n E«Portatio» any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. - an Tcotton'

Wool.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of £"*

July% one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons,

to import and bring into Great Britain, in British built Ships or Vessels navigated according to Law, from to import in*o any Port or Place whatsoever, any Sort of Cotton Wool, without paying any Subsidy, Custom, or other Great Britain, Duty, whatsoever, for the same; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. in BritiA built

Ships, Sec, aaj Cotton Wool Duty-free.

XXI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, That a due Entry of such Cotton Wool Entry to

and Indico, shall be made in the respective Custom-house belonging to the Port where such Goods shall be made at the imported, either in the West Indies or Great Britain, in the same Manner and Form, and expressing the Port of importt-Quantities thereof, as was used and practised before the making of this Act; and the said Goods shall be lion>such landed in the Presence of the proper Officer appointed for that Purpose; otherwise such Goods shall be ^!tJnd*Wo°l liable to the Payment of the same Duties, as would have been due and payable for the same if this Act had Ind the Goidt not been made. to be landed in

Presence of the Officer, otherwise to pay the accustomed Duties.

XXII. And, in order to promote and encourage the Growth of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts in the British Dominions in America, and the Importation of such Goods into Great Britain, to be exported from thence into foreign Parts; and to case the Merchants and Dealers therein from the Difficulty of paying the full Duties for the same when imported for that Purpose; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, no Duty or NoDu*y to be Custom shall be paid for any Coffee of the Growth or Produce of anym British Colony or Plantation in Paid/or any America, nor for any foreign Coffee which shall have been warehoused upon the Continent of

America, which shall be imported directly from such Places respectively into Great Britain, in the Manner Coffi °* required by this or any Act now in Force, nor for any British or foreign Cocoa Nuts imported into Great warehoused m Britain, other than one-half of the old Subsidy granted by the Act of Tonnage and Poundage, made in America, im-the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, which shall be paid down in ready Money, and Portsd from shall not be afterwards drawn back or repaid upon the Exportation of the same Goods; provided hich Coffee and Cocoa Nuts shall, immediately upon landing, be secured in Warehouses, pursuant to thetain. norfor" Directions of an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, for repealing certain Cocoa Nutt i»-Duties therein mentioned payable upon Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate, and Cocoa Paste imported, ported, mort and for granting certain Inland Duties in lieu thereof, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; t^nchf!t.the and such Coffee and Cocoa Nuts so warehoused shall, in all other Respects, be subject to the like Duties,

Restrictions, and Regulations, if tak?n out for Home Consumption> and to the like Securities, Regulations, cofe

Vo i.X. Nn and

274-

C. J 2.

Anno fextd Georgii III. A.D. 1^66.

Cocoa Nuts be and Restrictions, if taken oat for Exportation, as Coffee and Cocoa Nuts warehoused in pursuance of that varehoused Act are liable to by any Law now in rorce.

upon landing,

and be subject, on being taken our, to the Duties and Regulations established by Act to Geo. f.

from and after

XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Da^ i J- n, 1767. of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, all Sugars which shall be imported into Great Sugars imported Britain, from any Part of the British Colonies or Plantations on the Continent of America, shall be deemed from the Bntiflaan(j i2fccn to fce French Sugars; and the Importer or Proprietor shall, upon the Importation thereof, pay America^are down in ready Money to the Collector of his Majesty's Customs, only three Pence per Hundred Weight to be confide!ed Avoirdupois for such Sugars, which shall not be afterwards drawn back or repaid upon the Exportation of as French, the same Goods j provided such Sugars shall, upon landing, be immediately lodged and secured under the and to pay a King’s Locks, in Warehouses provided at the lole Expence of the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods.

r Cwt 3<* Privity and Approbation, and under the Care and Inspection, of the Commissioners or principal

and to be wave- Officers of the Customs for the Port where such Goods shall be imported; and shall not be delivered out of housed upon any such Warehouse but upon the following Conditions; that is to say. If such Sugars or any Part thereof, landing j shall be delivered for Exportation to foreign Parts, the Owner or Exporter thereof, together with one Other not deliver* sufficient Person, shall enter into Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in treble the Amount portadon^t" ^le Duties which would be due and payable for such Sugars if the same were consumed in this King-Spon certain dom, with Condition that no Part of such Sugar shall be relanded in Great Britain or Ireland, or any the

Conditions. Dominions belonging to the Crown of Great Britain; which Bonds shall be discharged in the same Manner

as the Bonds given for the due Exportation of prohibited East India Goods, are difehafged by any Law now in Force.

If any such Su- XXIV. And, the better to prevent the felandiftg of such Sugars, be it further enacted by the Authority gars shall be re- aforesaid, That if any such Goods shall be relanded, or unshipped to be relanded, contrary to this Act, the jfnded> or un- fame, together with the Boats, Lighter^, or any other Vessels, Horses, Carts, or other Cattle or Carriages, landed contra wh*ch may be employed or made use of in the Removal, Carriage, or Conveyance, of such Goods, as also to this Act, they the Ship or Vessel from which such Sugar shall be unloaded, together with her Furniture and Apparel, shall are liable to For- be forfeited, and shall and may be# seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs; and all and every feiture, together Person or Persons who shall be assisting, or otherwise concerned in the unthipping or relaiidiiu; such Goods, with Veirei, or to whose Hands the same shall knowingly comfe after the nnshipping thereof, shall forfeit treble Ac ria°gcs*-an Value of such Goods; which said Penalties and Forfeitures shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, reco-and the Person* vered, and divided, in such Manner and Form, and by such Rules and Regulations* as Penalties and aififting, see. Forfeitures inflicted for unQiipping prohibited or uncustomed Goods in this Kingdom may be prosecuted* forfeit also treble sued for, recovered, and divided, by any Law now in Force.

Value.

Vessel*, in

XXV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Sugars which such Su- shall be shipped, or permitted to be shipped or loaden, for Re-exportation from Great Britain, on board any gars shall he Ship or Vessel of less Burthen than seventy Tons, to be ascertained by the same Rules and Dimensions as loaded for £x. tjje Tonnage of Ships importing Brandy and other Spirits into this Kingdom is to be ascertained by an Act he under-a° amade in the sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Tom. ' publick Revenues of Excise, Customs, Stamp Duties, Post Office, and House Money.

Sugars taken out

XXVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Sugars shall be for Home Con- taken out of any Warehouse, wherein the same shall be secured as aforesaid, in order to be used in this fomption, are to Kingdom; the Person or Persons so taking out the same, shall first: pay up the Remainder of the Duties pay the full which would have been due and payable upon the Importation of French Sugars into this Kingdom; and Duties, Su. they shall, in all other Respects, be liable to the same Restrictions and Regulations as French Sugars would have been subject and liable to, if this Act had not been made.

If Hie Sugars

XXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if such Sugars shall not be either ex-feili remain ported, or the full Duties paid for the same, within twelve Calendar Months from the Importation thereof,

war^housed. but shall then continue and be still remaining in the said Warehouses; in such case, it shall and maybe

exported or^he lawful for Commissioners of the Customs for the time being, or any three or more of them, to causethe full Duties not said Goods so remaining to be publickly sold by Auction or Inch of Candle, to the best Bidder; and the paid within 1% Money arising by such Sale to be applied nrft in Discharge of the said Duties and the Expences of Months; the such Sales, and the Overplus (if any/ to be paid tathe Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, or other Customhouse Persons authorised to receive the same*

may make Sale

thereof and apply the Monies m Discharge of the Duties and Charges;

The Duties upon

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies arising by the said Ca mb nek s and j)utics by this Act imposed upon Cambricks and French Lawns, and also by such Part of the Duties hereby *»d the addtton- a ,rnposed upon Sugars imported from any British Colony or Plantation on the Continent of America, as ai Duties upon shall exceed the Duties now payable upon Sugars so imported (except the necessary Charges of ndfing, Su-ars, collecting, recovering, paying, and accounting for the same) shall be from time to time paief into the Re*

t»bc paid into the ceipt of his Majesty's Exchequer distinctly and apart from all other Branchesof the publick Revenue, and Exchequer di- be referred in the said Receipt for the Dispofltioa of Parliament.

from all

ther Duties; tad reserved for the Disposition of Parliament,

euiiftti. Act

XXIX. And whereas by the herein before recited Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of hi* ueo. 3. present Majesty* it is, amoxigft other Things, enacted, That before any Mclafles or Syrups shall be Wen

S ‘cit

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 52. $7$

on board any Ship or Vessel in any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, as of the Growth

or Product thereof, Proof shall be made where such Melasses or Syrups grew or were produced and ma- nufadured in the Manner directed by the said Act: And whereas by the said recited Act, and by another

Ad made in the last Session of Parliament, for more effectually securing and encouraging the Trade of and 5 Oco. j.

his Majesty's American Dominions, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, it is, amonest

other T hings, enacted, That for every Ship or Vessel that shall set fail from any of the said British Colo*

nies or Plantations in America, Bond and Security shall be given, with Condition) that in case any foreign 1 Melasses or Syrups shall be laden on board such Ship or vessel, the same shall be brought to some of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, or to Great Britain, under the Penalties and For- feitures in the said Acts expressed: And whereas the Duty upon foreign Melasses or Syrups imported into the British Colonies in America are now reduced; and all Melasses and Syrups, British as well as

‘ foreign, are made subject to the same Duty be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That From ferr from and after the said first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, so much of the Nor. 1766, said recited Acts as relate to any Proof or Certificate with respect to the Growth, Produce, or Manu-faciure, of British Melasses or Syrups, or any Bond to be entered into with respect to foreign Melasses or ieute anyu Sy rups, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be, repealed. ' Proof or Cmifi*

fife respcAing Britishi Mcltflcs, or Syrups, or Bond with respect to foreign Melasses and Syrups, is repealed.

XXX. And whereas by an Act made in the twelfth Yesq: of the Reign of King Charier the Second, cl*u(« 1® Act intituled, An Act for encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, and several (ubfequept Acts Vc-

of Parliament which are now ip Force* it is, among# other Things, enacted, That for every Ship or Vessel which shall load any Commodities, in those Acts particularly enumerated, at any British Plan* a»d G*rnf<y by ration, being the Growth, Product, or Manufacture thereof. Bonds shall be given, with one Surety, to Stst. 9 G». w ( the Value q? one thousand Pounds if the Ship be of less Burthen than one hundred Tons, and of the Sum of two thousand Pounds if the Ship be of greater Burthen, that the same Commodities Oiall bo brought by such Ship or VesscJ to feme other British Plantation, oj: to some Port in Great Britain :y Now, in order more effectually to prevent such Goods being privately carried from any British Colony or Plantation in America jpto foreign Parts of Europe ir> Vessels that clear out with non-enuroerated Goods, as weK as to prevent the clandestine Importation of Foreign European Goods Into the said British Colonies 1 be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of Fromtndifter January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, Bond and Security, in the like Penalty, shall also J*®* l76J> be given to the Collector, or other Principal Officer of the Customs, at any Port or Place in any of the 2*1. SlT British American Colonies or Plantations, with one Surety betides the Master of evert Ship or Vessel that "tthe Port»in shall lade or take on board there any Goods not particularly enumerated in the said Acts, with Condition, America, for art that such Goods Qjall not h® landed at *oy Part of Europe to the Northward of Cape Finijiem, except in non.*n«mer»te4 Great Britain, which Bond shall be discharged in the Mapner hereafter mentioned } that is to say. For P00^11^? such of the said Goods as shall be entered for, or landed in Great Britain, the Condition of the Bond shall be, to bring a Certificate in Difcfiarge thereof within eighteen Months from the Date of such Bond, and condition #f within six Months for such of the said Goods as shall be entered for, or landed in, any of the British Co* thefioa*. ionics or Plantations in America; which respective Certificates shall be under the Hands and Seals of thf Collector and Comptroller, or other Principal Officer of the Customs, resident at the Port or Place where such Goods shall be landed, testifying the landing thereof; and for such of the said Goods as shall be entered for, or landed at, any other Place where the same may be legally landed, to bring the like Certificate within twelve Months, under the Common Seal of the Chief Magistrate, or under the Hands and Seals of two known British Merchants residing the re, or such Bond or Bonds shall be discharged, ia either of the said cases, by Proof upon Oath made by credible Persons, that the said Goods were taken by Enemies, or perished in the Seas: And if any such non-enutnerated Goods shall be laden on board Kanyfucfc <any such Ship or Vessel in any British Colony or Plantation in America before such Bond shall be given, 0o*(h

the Goods so laden, together with the Ship or Vessel, and her Furniture, shall be forfeited, and shall and maybe fazed by any Officer of the Customs, and prosecuted in such Manner as any other Forfeiture they wo

again# the Laws of the Revenue may be prosecuted. forfeitej, with

____ the Vessel.

XXXI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing Limitition of Sierein before contained mall extend, or be construed to extend, to Vessds which shall be bona fide bound tbi‘ Ai>.with to some of the Porto of Spain within die JBay of Bifiay.

, some of the Port* of Spain within the Bay of Bifc»jr.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced, either in Great Britain or America, again# any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this or any other Act of Parliament relating to his Majesty's Customs, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give the said Acts, and the Special Ceaml UT«e; Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance, and by v

the Authority, of such Ad: And be it {half appear 10 to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants: and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants^ {half have appeared $ or if Judgement shall be given, upon any Verdict or Demurrer, against the Plaintiff \ the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy TtcbieCoi<# for the same as Defendants have in other Cases by Law.

N a a CAP.

s

A.D. 1766.

276 C. 53. Anno sexto Georgii III.

CAP. LIII.

An Act for altering the Oath of Abjuration and the Assurance; and for amending so much of an Act of the Seventh Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Improvement of the Union of the two Kingdoms, as, after the Time therein limited, requires the Delivery of certain Lifts and Copies therein mentioned to Persons indicted of High, Treason, or Misprision of Treason.

Preamble, reeit-c \lt WHEREAS by an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George ing Clause? in the First, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person and Government, and the act 1 Geo. 1. SucceJTton of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing St. 2,c. 13. ffye Hope; of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors; it is, amongst other Things.

enacted, That all and every Person and Persons therein mentioned, within Great Britain, and the several Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, should take and subscribe the Oath of Abjuration therein mentioned;

and all and every Person and Persons therein mentioned within Scotland, should also subscribe the Af- farance therein mentioned; in the Manner, at the Times and Places, and under the Pains and Penal-and act 5 Geo. 4 ties, in the said Act expressed: And whereas by an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his 1. c. 19. said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for making more effectual the Laws appointing the Oaths, for Security

of the Government, to be taken by the Ministers and Preachers in Churches and Meeting-houses in Scotland, it is enacted, That all and every Person and Persons therein mentioned, in Scotland, should subscribe the Assurance in the above-mentioned Act contained, and also take and subscribe the Oath of Abjuration therein directed to be taken, in lieu of the Oath of Abjuration formerly required by Law, in the Manner, at the Times and Places, and under the Penalties and Disabilities, in the said Act provided:

And whereas by the Death of the Person who pretended to be Prince of Wales during the Life of the late Kingdom/;, and, since his Decease, pretended to be, and took upon himself the Stile and Title of King of England* by the Name of fames the Third, or of Scotland, by the Name of fames the Eighth,

or the Stile and Title of King of Great Britain, it is become necessary to make feme Alteration in the from and after Oath of Abjuration, and the Assurance, contained in the said Acts above-mentioned Be it therefore June, 1766, declared and enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the the Oath of Ab- Lo^jg Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority t^betaVenby t^ic feme, That from and after the fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, the the recited Acts, Oath of Abjuration in the said Act above-mentioned, be administered in such Manner and Form as is to be administer- herein after set down and prescribed; (that is to say)

ed in the follow- > .

Tte Form. 4 T A.B. do truly and sincerely acknowledge, profess, testify, and declare, in my Conscience, beforfe

JL God and the World, That our Sovereign Lord King George is lawful and rightful King of this

Realm, and all other his Majesty's Dominions and Countries thereunto belonging. And I do foleranly and sincerely declare. That I do believe, in my Conscience, That not any of the Descendants of the

Person who pretended to be Prince of Wales during the Life of the late King fames the Second,

and, since his Decease, pretended to be, and took upon himself the Stile and Title of King of England, by the Name of fames the Third, or of Scotland, by the Name of fames the Eighth, or the Stile and Title of King of Great Britain, hath, any Right or Title whatsoever to the Crown of this Realm, or any other the Dominions thereunto belonging: And I do renounce, refute, and abjure, any Allegiance or Obedience to any of them. And I do swear. That I will bear Faith and true Allegiance to his Majesty King George, and him will defend to the utmost of my Power, against all traiterous Conspiracies and Attempts whatsoever, which shall be made against his Person, Crown, or Dignity. And i will do my utmost Endeavour to disclose and make known to his Majesty, and his Successors, all Treasons and traiterous Conspiracies which I shall know to be against him, or any of them. And I do faithfully promise,.to the utmost of my Power, to support, maintain, and defend, the Succession of th^ Crown, against the Descendants of the said fames, and against all other Persons whatsoever, which Succession, by an Act, intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subjetl, is and (lands limited to the Princess Sophia, Electoref9 and Dutcness Dowager of Hanover, and the Heirs of her Body, being Protestants. And all these Things I do plainly and sincerely acknowledge and swear, according to these express Words by me spoken, and according to the plain common Sense and Understanding of the same Words, without any Equivocation, mental Evasion, or secret Reservation whatsoever. And I do make this Recognition, Acknowledgement, Abjuration, Re- uunciation, and Promise, heartily, willingly, and truly, upon the true Faith of a Christian.*

After 24 June, And that from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, the »766, the At?u Assurance, in the said firfTmfcrttioned Act contained, be administered. in such Manner and Form as is "."rfia.'w'te herein a,ter set dowo and prescribed j that is to say, \

dniaiileted in the following Fora*

- ** JJ.B.

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 54^ 277

c F Act do, in the Sincerity of my Heart, assert, acknowledge, and declare, That his Majesty KingTh«r©nn* c X George is the only lawful and undoubted Sovereign of this Realm, as well de Jure, that is, of Right c King, as de Fa£loy that is, in the Possession and Exercise of the Government. And therefore I do

promise and swear, That I will with Heart and Hand, Life and Goods, maintain and defend his Right,

Title, and Government, against the Defendants of the Person who pretended to be Prince of Wales

during the Life of the late King James, and, since his Decease, pretended to be, and took upon himself

c the Stile and Title of King of England, by the Name of James the Third, or, of Scotland, by the

c Name of James the Eighth, or the Stile and Title of King of Great Britain, and their Adherents, and

c all other Enemies who, either by open or secret Attempts, shall disturb or disquiet his Majesty in the

Possession and Exercise thereof/

And that all and every Person and Persons who are enjoyned and required to administer, take, or sub- The said Oafc* firribe, the Oath of Abjuration, and the Afluranee, in the said above-mentioned Acts contained, shall aDjj respectively administer, take, and subscribe, the Oath of Abjuration, and subscribe the Assurance, accord- *ln‘||^r*

ing to the Form herein set down and prescribed, in such Courts, within such Time limited, in such rubferibed’, with-

manner, and with due Observance of the same Requisites, and with Benefit of the same Savings, Pro- in the Time, vifocs, and Indemnities, as by the said Acts above-mentioned, or by any other Acts, or any Part of them, «nd in the now subsisting, are directed and enacted; and in case of Neglect or Refusal, he or they shall be subject n,?r' and liable to the same Penalties and Disabilities as, by the Laws and Statutes aforesaid, are enacted. IrediretfedV

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of August, prorn and one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, the same Oath of Abjuration by this Act appointed to be 1 August, 176$, taken in Great Britain, shall be the Oath of Abjuration to be taken in the Kingdom of Ireland, and the the same Oath rest of his Majesty's Dominions, and no other; and that the Benefit of the Indemnities given by the said Abjuration first-mentioned Act of the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, shall continue j a nd, a and be in Force, as to the said Kingdom of Ireland, in like Manner as if this Act had never been made; his Majesty's any Thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. Dominion*.

Benefit of In-

s dcmnitics granted by Act of i Geo. 1. to be in Force in Ireland,

III. And whereas by an Act passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, Cltufe in Aa

intituled, An Act for improving the Union of the two Kingdoms, it is enacted, That from and after the 7 Alin*c«

Decease of the Person who pretended to be Prince of Walts during the Life of the late King James%

and, since his Decease, pretended to be King of Great Britain, and, at the End of the Term of three Years after the immediate Succession to the Crown upon the Demise of her said late Majesty, should

take Effect, when any Person is indicted for High Treason, or Misprision of Treason, a List of the Witnesses that shall be produced on the Trial for proving the said Indictment, and of the Jury, mentioning the Nam^s, Profession, and Place of Abode, of the said Witnesses and Jurors, be afib given, at the same Time that the Copy of the Indictment is delivered, to the Party indicted; and that Copies of all Indictments for the Offences aforesaid, with such Lifts, shall be delivered to the Party indicted ten Days before the Trial, and in Presence of two or more credible Witnessc s / be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing contained in the said recited Act, shall anyways extend to any In- ReciteJA£no*

didment of High Treason for counterfeking his Majesty's Coin, the Great Seal or Privy Seal, his Sign to tend tola*

Manual or Privy Signet, qr to any indictment of High Treason, or to any Proceedings thereupon against ^anterfdtiaf any Offender or Offenders who, by any Act or Acts now in Force, is and are to be indicted, arraigned, the Tom, Pri*r

tried, and convicted, by such like Evidence, and in such Manner, as is used and allowed against Offcnr Sea), PnVy sig*

ders for counterfeiting his Majesty's Coin* ’ ner, or other la*

di&mentt of High Tittba,

CAP. LIV.

An Act for putting the Road from Clarges Street to Hyde Park Corner, and from the South Fnd of Park Lane to the Norrh S de of Hertford Street, in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, now under the Direction of the Acts for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, Che!feay Fulham, and Saint George Hanover Square, in the County of Midcdeftxy under the Management of the Commissioners for paving* cleansing, and lighting, the Squares* Streets, Lanes, and other Places in Westminster.

WHEREAS by several Acts of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Preamble < George the First, and the fourteenth, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads in the Parities of Kensington, Cheifeay and Fulham, and other Parishes .€ therein mentioned, in the County of AtullLfex; and for repairing some other Roads in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, and the said Parishes of Kenfm^ton and Chelsea \ the Roads leading from the End of Clarges Street to the present Turnpike Gate near Hyde Park C:rnery and from the South End of v € Park Leant to the North Side of Hertford Street^ in the said Parish of Saint George Hanover Stfuarey are,

amongst other Roi-ds therein described, directed to be repaired: And whereas it would be of publick € Utility if the said Roads leading from the End of Clarges Street to the present Turnpike-gate near Ilyde Park Corner, and from the South End of Park Lane to i^c North Side of Hertford Street, were put under

6 1 ... the

278

Acts oflCenfing-ton Trust with respect to the C Urges Street, Road, &c. repealed j

and the Roads put under the Commissionert for paving.

An e nnual Sura to be paid by the Trustees to the Com tnii honors.

Annual Sum to be applied in paving, See,

Impowering the Commissioneri to borrow Mo-%cy.

C. 54. Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

the Direction and Management of the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster* the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr* Saint 4 George Bloomsbury, that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew's Holhourn which lies in the County of Middlesex* the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that Part of the Dutchy of Lancaster which lies in the County of Middlesex* and for preventing Annoyances therein, and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; and a proper annual Allowance made for the same to the said Commissioners, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of the said Acts of the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First,

and the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of any future Act or Acts for repairing Roads in the said Parishes of Kevfmglon* Chelsea, and Fulham :* May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said Acts of the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to repairing the said Roads leading from the End of Clarges Street to the present Turnpike-gate near Hyde Park Corner, and from the South End of Park Lane to the North Side of Hertford Street* in the said Parish of Saint George Hanover Square* shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Roads leading from the End of Clarges Street* to the present Turnpike-gate near Hyde Park Corner, and from the South End of Park Lane to the North Side of Hertford Street in the said Parish of Saint George Hanover Square* shall be under the Care, Management, and Direction, of the said Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster* and other Places in the said several Acts mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in order to enable the said Commissioners effectually to pave, cleanse, light, keep in Repair, and regulate, the said Roads leading from (he End of Clarges Street to the present f*urnpike-gate near Hyde Park Comer* and from the South End of Park Lane to the North Side of Hertford Street* in the said Parish of Saint George Hanover Square the Trustees for the time being to the said Acts of the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and to any sature Act or Acts of Parliament for repairing the several Roads in the rarishes of Kensington, Chelsea* and Fulham, in the County of Middlesex* by the said Acts directed to be repaired, or any five pr more of them, shall pay, or cause to be paid, yearly and every Year, during the Continuance of the said A^t8 of the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the FirA, and the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of any future Act or Acts of Parliament for repairing the same Roads in the Parishes of Kensington* Chelsea* and Fulham, to the said Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, in the said Acts mentioned, or any three or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as shall be by them authorised and appointed to receive the same, the Sum of one thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain* free from all Deductions whatsoever, by four even or equal quarterly Payments in the Year; Chat is to fey, the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel* the Birth of our Lord Christ, the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary* and the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist; the first Payment to begin and be made on the Feast Day of Saint Michael the Archangel now next ensuing, which will be in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six: And if the said Payments, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be behind and unpaid for the Space of fourteen Days after the same shall become due, it shall and may-be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or for such Person or Persons as they, or any three or more of them, shall, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, appoint, to seize and take Possession of any Turnpike-gate or Gates upon any Part or Parts of the said Roads, and to collect and receive the Tolls by the said Acts, any or either of them, authorised to be taken thereat, until the Sum or Sums so remaining due and unpafid, and aH reasonaWe Charges attending such Seizure, Collodion, and Reception, dull felly paid, satisfied, and discharged, and no longer.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said annual Sum of one thousand

Pounds shall be applied by the said Commissioners in paving, cleansing, lighting, repairing, and regulating, the said Roads leading from the End of Clarges Street to the present Turnpike-gate near Hyde Park Corner, and from the South End of Park Street to the North Side of Hertford Street* In the said Parish of Saint George Hanover Square* in the said County of Middlesex, and the several other Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Places, under the Care and Management of the said Commissioners, and to and for no other Purpose whatsoever. t

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Cooimiffioper9, or any throe or more of them, may, and are hereby impowered, from time to time, to borrow and take up qt Intere# any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of the said annual Sum of one thousand pounds, so to bje paid by virtue of this Act to the said Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, in the said Acts mentioned, in Manner aforesaid5 and to assign over and convey the same, or any Part or Parts thereof by any Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals; the Charges of such Alignments and Conveyances to be paid out of the said annual Sum of one thousand Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall advance or lend their Monies thereon, as a Security or Securities for the several Sums that mail be borrowed, and the Iotcreft thereof as aforesaid; and Copies of all such Alignments and Conveyances shall be

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. *. 279

be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners: And all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Alignment or Conveyance shall be made as aforesaid, is and are hereby impowered, from time to time, by Alignment under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, to be indorsed on the Back of his, her, or their Security, or by any other Writing or Writings under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, which shall be executed in the Presence of two or more credible Witnesses, to assign over or transfer his, her, or their Right to the Principal or Interest Money thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever 5 all which Assignments or Transfers shall be produced and notified to the Clerk or Treasurer within thirty Days after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry to be made of such Assignments, containing the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein mentioned to be assigned and transferred, in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original Alignments 3 for which the Clerk or Treasurer shall be paid the Sum of two Shillings and six Pence, and no more; and which said Book or Books shall and may, at alt seasonable Times, be perused and inspected without any Fee or Reward; and after such Entry made, such Assignment or Transfer shall intitle such AfSgnee, his. her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may, in such Manner, assign or transfer again, and toties quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person who shall have made such Afignment or Transfer, to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any Monies thereon due; and that no Preference shall be given to any Person or Persons advancing any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of this Act, in raped to the Priority of advancing such Sum or Sums, but that all Persons to whom any Mortgages or Assignments shall be made as aforesaid, shall, in proportion to die Sum or Sums therein mentioned, be Creditors in equal Degree one with another*

VI. And be k Anther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Expences of paf&ng this Act shall Forcing tfce be paid out of the first Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act. £*P'*ce.of the

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Term of the said Acts For'continuing of the twelfth Year of King George the First, and the fourteenth Year of his late Majesty, shall not be a Turnpike, and further continued by Act of Parliament, from the Expiration of the present subsisting Terra thereof; it coiling the shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, immediately after the Toils, in ctfe Expiration of such present subsisting Term, to cause any Gate to be erected or continued at or near the Place Where the present Turnpike stands at Hyde Park Corner, mid to take and receive the respedire Tulls, authorised by the said Acts to be taken and received at the said Turnpike, in Manner, and under An Penalties, Authorities, and Indemnities, in the said Acts mentioned, and to apply the same in paving, ckanfing, lighting, repairing, and regulating, the said Roads leading from the End of Gorges Street to the present Turnpike-gate near Hyde Park Comer, and from the South End of Park Lone so the North Side of Hertford Street, in the said Parish of Saint George Hanover Square.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, PoMScfc ACty smd taken to be, a Publick Act 3 and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and ocher Persons, without specially pleading the same.

Anno septimo GEORGII III.

f A Tthe Parliament begun and Holden at Westminster, the nineteenth Day of May, Anno Dom. 1761,

in the first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Ix>rd GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of

JL -m. God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c. and from thence continued by several Prorogations to the eleventh Day of December, 17663 being the sixth

Scifion of the twelfth Parliament of Great Britain/

CAP. I.

An Act to continue an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, initituled. An Act for Importation of m Sailed Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time.

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Iiferto^Cm.y 4 Vy intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a

limited Tints; which was to continue in Force for twelve Months from the Commencement thereof 3 4 which said Act was, by another Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the first Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, is

near expiring: And whereas the allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter from

Ireland, for a further Time, may be of great Advantage to both Kingdoms :* May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Auvice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par- Continues ta Iiament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, and all and every the Clauses,1 M*lch» >77o^ P/ovisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Allowances, Drawbacks, Matters, and Things, therein contained. hcy c"'

ie

280 C. 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

shall be further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the first Day of, one thousand

ieven hundred and sixty-eight, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were inserted and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

CAP. II.

An Act to amend so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing certain Duties in the British Colonies and, granted by several Alts

of Parliament; and also the Duties imposed by an Act made in the Session of Parliament upon certain East India Goods exported from Great Britain} and for granting other Duties instead thereof; and for further encouraging, and, several Branches of the

Trade of this Kingdom, and the British Dominions in America, as relates to the Exportation of non-enumerated Goods from the British Colonies in America.

frcaroblfc r ‘citing Claofc in A a 6 Geo. 3. C*

Kon-cfitsm-rated Goods, laden in aof British American Colony, may be landed in Ireland.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing certain Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations, granted by several Act $ of Parliament; and r J ' *' ei n /r t% - *uj|f East India Goods exported

encouraging, regulating, and Dominions in America; it is,

, , rs in the said xecited Ad mentioned, shall be given to the Collector or other Principal Officer of the Customs, at any Port or Place in any of the British American Colonies or Plantations, with one Surety besides the Master of every Ship or Vessel that shall lade or take on board there any non enumerated Goods, with Condition, that such Goods shall not be landed at any Part of Europe to the Northward of Cape Finisterre, except in Great Britain: And whereas Ireland should have been excepted in the said Act as well as Great Britain :* Be it therefore enacted and declared by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That any non-enumerated Goods laden as aforesaid, in *n\ British American Co\ony or Plantation, may be landed in Ireland; and that the said recited Act, and all the Regula-v tions therein contained, so far as the same relate to the Bond and Security for landing such non-enumerated Goods in Great Britain, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to Ireland also, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if Ireland had been excepted and named in the said Act; and that any Bond Tfe?mite4Aft, which may have been entered into in pursuance of the said recited Act, not to land any non-enumerated lat^to the*" ‘ Goods m any Part of Europe to the Northward of Cape Finisterre, except in Great Britain, shall and Bond and Seen- may be cancelled and discharged by the like Certificate under the Hands and Seals of the Collector and rity for landing Comptroller, or other Principal Officer of the Customs at any Port in Ireland, testifying the Landing such such non-enu- Goods there, in the same Manner as if the said Goods had been landed in Great Britain 3 any Thing in in G*reatBriudn &"<* recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

extended to lie- O a D TTT

land, Ac A V "L

Refer to 31 An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread,

Geo. *, c. x. Biscuit, and Starch; and also the Extradion of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheft

h—- exp.

( Geo. 3. c. 3, 4, 5.40. 7 Geo. 3. c. 36,54. 8 Geo. 3. c. x. f Geo. 3. Sess. s. c. x. 10 Gtt. 3. c. 1.

CAP. IV.

See cep. 5, u, An Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat Flour from his Majesty's Colonies in Amtrict %‘ into this Kingdom> for a limited Time, free of Duty.

EXP.

CAP. V.

s eaP' 4.H, An Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat Flour from any Part of Europe into this King* %i> s* dom, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

EXP.

CAP VI.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry* for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-feren. E XP.

CAPI

A. 0*1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 7, 8, 9. 281

CAP. VII.

An Act for indemnifying such Persons as have acted for the Service of the Public, in advising or carrying into Execution the Order of Council of the twenty-sixth Day of September last, for laying an Embargo on all Ships laden with Wheat or Wheat Flour i and for preventing Suits in consequence of the said Embargo.

W

WHEREAS his Majesty, by an Order in Council bearing Date the twenty-sixth Dav of September preimble. last, Was pleased to order, JThat an Embargo should be laidjupon all Ships and Veflcfe laden, or to

be laden, in the Ports of Great Britain% with Wheat or Wheat Flour to be exported to Foreign Parts, % from the Date thereof, until the fourteenth Day of November following: Which Order could not be juf- tified by Law* but was lb much for the Service of the Publick, and so necessary for the Safety and Prc- servation of his Majesty's Subjects, that it ought to be justified by Act of Parliament; and all Persons ad vifing, or acting under, or in Obedience to the same, indemnified Be it hereby enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty* by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Petfonal Actions and Suits* Indictments, Informations, and all rrofecutions and Proceedings whatsoever, which have been, or shall be, prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons, for or by reason of any Act, Matter, or Thing, advised, commanded, appointed, or done, in relation to the Premises; or of any Contract or Agreement not performed by Means of, or in Obedience to, such Order of Council; be, are, and shall be, dlicharged and made void, by virtue of this Act: And that if any Action or Suit shall be prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any such Act, Matter, or Thing, so advised, commanded, appointed, or done, or such Contract or Agreement not performed; he, she, or they, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs iiv any Action or Suit, so to be prosecuted or commenced after the lift- Day of Michaelmas Terra, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, shall become nonfiiit, or forbear farther Prosecution, or suffer Discontinuance; or if a Verdict pass against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover his, her, or their, Double Costs, for which he, she, or th^y, shall have the like Remedy, as in Cases where Costs by Law are given to Defendants; and if any such Action or Suit, as aforesaid, shall be commenced or prosecuted after the twenty-eighth Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and £xty-(Lx, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Court, before whom such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted, shall allow to the Defender the Benefit of the Discharge and Indemnity hereby* provided, and shall further allow to him his Double Costs of Suit in all such Cases as aforesaid*

All Personi! Actiom or Prosecutions in England or Scotland, by reason of any Act done in pursuance of the recited Order of Council, or Contract not performed, are charged; and the Defendant may plead the General Issue* Double Costs,

Cap. vnr.

An Act for allowing die Importation of Oats and Oatmeal. Rye and R&emud. into this Kingdom, for a See cap. 54,

limited Time, free of Duty. £ X E.

CAP. IX.

An Act for obviating Doubts which have arisen with respect to so much of an Act made in 5

the first Year of the Reign off his present Majesty, intituled (Act to amend an Act -

in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of King George the, concerning the Qualification of Justices of the Peace., and for other Purposes therein mentioned) as directs the taking of certain Paths by Justices of the Peace, on the Wiling of any new Commission of the Peace.

TIC WHEREAS Doubts have arisen, with respect to the Construction of so much of an Act made

yV first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, to amend an Act pejpd Art, Geo. j.

eighteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, concerning, the Qualification of Justices of the, c. 13.

and fear.other Purposes therein mentioned) as relates to the taking of certain Paths by Justices of the Peace,

on the Lfluing of new Commissions of the Peace be it therefore enacted and declared by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Persons who have. n;cfJ nrt been, or shall be, appointed Justices of the Peace, by any Commission or Commissions granted or to be obii: ci:ouke granted by his present Majesty, and have takenaud subscribed, or shall take and subscribe, the Oaths men- and subscribe the tioned in the said Act made in the first Year of his present Majesty's Reign; and all Persons, who shall be OMbsmer.run?* appointed Justices of the Peace, by any Commission or Commissions, which shall be granted after his Ma- ltl the lsiJ jesty’s Demise, by any of his SuccdTois, Kings or Queens of this Realm, and shall have, after the issuing-

of the first Commission, whereby such Persons shall be appointed Justices of the Peace, in the Reign of Re vs or

any such King or Queen, taken and subscribed the said Oaths, shall not be obliged, during the Reign of theiu^nof his present Majesty, or during any future Rei $n in which such Oaths shall have been so taken and sub- ai*y of *»*-scribed as aforesaid, to take and subscribe the same Oaths, for or by reason of such Persons being again cca°rs'

282

Stecap. 4>$» *> 54

Set cap. 54»

/a 9 Gw*3*

r> 42*

reamblct

Treasury trr-powered to raise any Sum not exceeding l, Soo, ocol. by Loans or Exchequer Bills; in the same Manner as by the Malt A<5\ of. this Session is prescribrd, with resp:& to Loan* r Exchequer Bills iner.by The Clauses in the said Act relating to Loans ar Bills,

0.10,11,12,13,14,15,16. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

appointed Justices of the Peace by any subsequent Commission or Commissions which shall be granted during any such Reign j and shall not incur any Penalty or Forfeiture for the not taking or subscribing the said Oaths*.

CAP. X.

An Act for poniibine Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their

Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. XI.

An Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat Flour, free of Duty, from any Part o(Europe for a further Time than is allowed by any Act made in this Session of Parliament; and for permitting the free Importation of Barley, Barley-meal, and Pulse, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time.

EXP.

CAP. XII.

An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs*

Lard and Grease.

EXP.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

EXP.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain^ for the Serviccof the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven. EXP. 3 r. in the Pound.

CAP. XV.

An Act for giving further Time to his Majesty's Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, Justices, and Clerks of the Peace, and others, for carrying into Execution certain Parts of an Act passed in the last Session, for Pay and Cloathing of the Militia 5 and for indemnifying such Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, and Clerks of the Peace, and others, who have neglected to carry such Parts of the said Act into Execution.

EXP.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for raising a certain Sum by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year

one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament c #VV# assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum herein after mentioned ;* and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the time being, at any Time or Times before the fifth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, to cause or direct any Loans to be taken or received at his Majesty's Exchequer, from any Person or Personsr Natives or Foreigners^ Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out there, for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in Loans and Exchequer Bills together, in the Whole the Sum of one million eight hundred thousand Pounds; in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as in and by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven,’ are enacted and prescribed, concerning the Loans or Exchequer Bills to be taken or made in pursuance of the said Act.

authorised to betaken or mAdc.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in the said Jail mentioned Act, relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the same Act (except such Clauses as do charge the same on the Taxes granted by the same Act, and except such Clauses as limit thrRateof Jpterest to be paid for the Forbearance of Money lent on the Credit of the said Act, and also except as is 7 kereii

A.D. 1767. Anno feptirtio Georgii III. c. 17. 283

herein after mentioned) shall b<5 applied and extended to the Loans and Exchequer Bills to be made in pur- extended to thii, fuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Loans or Exchequer,

Bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. Proviced always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Exchequer Bill or *chrquer Bills Bills to be made out by virtue of this Act, shall, after the same hath or have been issued at the Exchequer, ^rcccfved0^ be afterwards, at any Time before the sixth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, re- in paymen^of* ceived or taken, or pass or be current, to any Receiver or Collector in Great Britain of the Customs, Ex- any T*xe* cife, or any Revenue, Supply, Aid, or Tax whatsoever, due or payable to his M.jedy, his Heirs or Successors, or at the Receipt of the Exchequer, from any such Receiver or Collector, or from any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, otherwise or on any other Account than for the Discharge

nd Cancelling of such Bills, in case the same shall be in due Course or Order of Payment, before the said

sixth Day of April \ nor shall any Receiver or Collector exchange, at any Time before the said sixth Day nor exchanged,

of April, for any Money, of such Revenues, Aids, Taxes, or Supplies, in his Hands, any Exchequer Bill before 6 April,

or Bills which mall have been issued as aforesaid by virtue of this Act; nor shall any Action be maintained {

against any such Receiver or Collector for neglecting or refusing to exchange any such Bill or Bills for

ready Money, before the said sixth Day of April; any Thing in the said Act made in this present Session

of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven,* or this Act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Loans or Exchequer Bills, to- The Mcd?j fr

fether with the Interest, Premium, Rate; and Charges, incident to or attending the same, shall be, and are raised, to b-creby charged or chargeable upon, and shall be repaid or borne by or out of the firlf Aids or Supplies which rcPaid out of the shall be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and in case sufficient Aids or Supplies, for that Purpose, *fd's. ctt*'

shall not be granted before the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, then all the jfn0ni Ve said Loans or Exchequer Bills, with the Intered, Premium, Rate and Charges, incident to or attending the granted before fame, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Monies as, at any Time or Times at or 5 Jul/> *768, after the said fifth Day oVjuly, shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplidles, Excesses, !l*cn to bc. Overplus Monies, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund (except sinking Ft*i such Monies of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any Ad or 9

Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) 5 and such Monies of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be issued and and paid applied* as soon as the same can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, thereout, and discharging, such Loans or Exchequer Bills, Intered, Premium, Rate, or Charges, until the Whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and referred in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Monies shall be so Monies so iflueJ# issued out of the said Surplusses, ExcelTes, Overplus Monies, or other Revenues composing the Sinking to be replaced Fund; shall, from Time to Time, be replaced by and out of the fird Supplies to be then after granted in JJut of the Parliament; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. Supple*.

VI. And be it declared and further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful Bank of England for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to advance or lend to his Majesty, in like Man- authorised to ner, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of Loan granted by this Act, any Sum or Sums of *dvance Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of one million eight hundred thousand Pounds; any Thing in dit of°ibi*» AftT an Act made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, ‘ An notwithstanding Act for granting to their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and Aa 5 & 6 w.

upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages, in the said Act *

mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France,’ to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of Marcby one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven; for the more effectually punishing Serjeants, Drummers, and Fifers, for Misbehaviour and Desertion; for securing Deserters from the Militia Regiments; and for explaining and amending so much of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to infilling Militia Men into his Majesty's other Forces.

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision should be made for defraying the Charge of the Pay and PreimVIe.

Cloathing for the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called, England) for one Year, from the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in every Where the ML County, Riding, or Place, within that Part of Great Britain called England, where the Militia is or shall lit ii or At *11 be raised, the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax of such County, Riding or Place respectively, bclAi;cd* l*c

O® a (ha//.

284 C. 17.

Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

Receiver General of the County is to ifW 4 Months

Pay hex set down j

with half a Year’s Salary to the Rrgimental and Pattalioi)

shall issue and pay the whole Sums requited, in the Manner, and for the several UFes herein after mentioned; that is to say, for the Pay of the said Militia for four Calendar Months in Advance, at the Rate luucdinomni ^1X Shillings a Day for each Adjutant, where an Adjutant is appointed; and at the Rate of oneSiriBing Pay Advance, for each Serjeant, with the Addition of two Shillings and six Pence a Week for each Serjeant Major, wtee according to the a Serjeant Major is appointed; and at the Rate of six Pence a Day for each Drummer, with the Addition Establishment of of six Pence a Day for each Drum Major, where a Drum Major is appointed; and also at the Rates offer p'»w Pence a Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Expences of each Rfegr-

ment. Battalion, and Independant Company of Militia; one Penny whereof mail be applied for defraying the Hospital Expences of each Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company, during the Time of the Men’s being from Home upon Account of their Annual Exercise; and also for Half a Year’s Salary for the Cleric of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia belonging to such Chunty, Riding, or Place, at the Rate

_I1M .... of fifty Pounds a Year and also for the respective Allowances to the Clerk of the General Meetings, and

Clerks j and the Clerks of the several Subdivisioo Meetings, at the Rates following; that is to say, to the Clerk of the Ge-/Wlowances to neral Meetings, at the Rate of five Pounds five Shillings for each Meeting 5 and to the several Clerks of GenialandflhCSubdivision Meetings, at the Rate of one Pound one Shilling for each Meeting; and also for thfc SuMhdfion Cloathing of the Militia for such County, Riding, or Place, after the Rate of three rounds ten Shillings Meetings;. for each Serjeant, and two Pounds for each Drummer, with the Addition of one Pound for each Serjeant *nd Pay for Major, and each Drum Major; and with respect to the Private Militia Men, where the Militia hath been cloathing of the embodied, or, having not been embodied, hath not been cloathed within three Years, at the Rate of (me Miiiua. Pound ten Shillings for each Private Man.

The shove Sums

II. Provided nevertheless, That in any County, Riding, or Place, where Pav has not yet been issued for re not to be the Militia, no Pay shall be issued until his Majesty's Lieutenant, or, in his Absence, any three Deputy Lieutenants, of any such County, Riding, or Place, shall have certified to the Commissionters of his Majesty's Treasury, and to the Receiver General of the Land Tax, that three-fifths of the Number of Private Militia Men of such County, Riding, or Place, have been inrolled, and that three-fifths of the Proportion of their Commission Officers have accepted their Commissions, and entered their Qualifications as by the Treasury L»W required.

«nd Receivers Gt&eral ike Xarolment of 3 fifths of the Met tad Officers,

yaid, If Pay has *ot before been issued, till the l.d. Lieut* or Deputies A ill have certified to

The Money is

III. And be it enacted, That all such Sums of Money aforesaid, except such as shall be due to the &« to be p»id by the y^ai Clerks of the Meetings aforesaid, and except such as shall be due on account of Cloathin?, (balL to^heCprko? w^crc Militia has never been embodied, be paid by the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land the Regimeator Tax, into the Hands of the Clerk or Clerks of the Regiments or Battalions of Militia belonging to such 4Battalion (e*ccpt County, Riding, or Place, upon his or their producing his or their Warrant or Warrants of Appointment the Allowances to such Office, under the Hand and Seal of his Majesty's Lieutenant for such respective County, Riding, tb®C^rka of or Place; and where the Militia has been embodied, into the Hands of the Clerk or Clerks of the Regi-wnproducing mcnfs or Battalions, upon his or their producing his or tfceir Warrant or Warrants of Appointment to such the Warrant of Office, under thesHand and Seal of the Colonel, or, where there is no Colonel, of the Commanding Of-Ms Appoint* fleer of each Regiment or Battalion respectively, notwithstanding such Militia shall have been disembodied; moot; and where the Militia shall be formed into an Independant Company, or Independant Companies, such

and for indtpta- gums as aforesaid shall be paid by the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, into the Hands i^herSw of respective Captain of each Independant Company of Militia, or to (itch Perfott as such respe&iv* Captains, or to Captain shall authorise to receive the same, according to the Number of Persons hereby intitled to receive their Order; Pay and Cloathing, of which such Regiment or Regiments, Battalion or Battalions, Independant Company according to the or Independant Companies, shall have been appointed to consist, according to the Establishment laid down EstabHshment in art Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the railing % Geo. 3. and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England;* and such Receiver or Receivers

A Second Piy- General of the Land Tax shall also, within fourteen Days after the Expiration of the third Calendar Month went is also to from the Time of the said first Payment, make a second Payment for four Calendar Months in Advance; be made within an(j foall ajf0> within fourteen Days after the Expiration of the three Calendar Months from the Time of tb«ffirit*anlia second Paynrent, make a third Payment for four Calendar Months in Advance, for the Pay and

Third within contingent Expences of the Militia, and for the Allowances to the Regimental or Battalion Clerk or Cletk* three Momhs aforesaid, in the Proportions herein before mentioned; and the Receipts of such Clerk or Clerks, and of afier the second. foeh Captain of an independant Company, or Captains of Independant Companies, or of such Person or Receipts of the J>cr|*ons such Captain or Captains shall so authorise to receive such Money as aforesaid, shall be a suffi-thV Mo* n eyft 1 e n Discharge to such Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for the several Sums of* Money

be so paid, dif. /o by him or them paid.

charge the Receivers General.

The Reghr.ental and Battalion Clerks are to pay in Advance one Month’s Pay to the Adjutant; art*! a Month’s Pay to each Baguio,

lV. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of each RegiVnent or Battalion of Militia shall forthwith, after the Receipt of such Sums of Morry as aforesaid, pay, or cause to be paid, one Calendar Month’s Pay in Advance to the Adjutant of such Regiment or Battalion respectively; and to the Captain or Commanding Officer of each Company belonging to such Regiment or Battalion, two Months Pay m Advance for the Serjeants, Drummers, and the contingent Expences of his respective Company; out of which said contingent Money each Captain shall pay to the Commanding Officer of each Regiment or Battalion one Penny a Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for the defraying the Expences of the Hospital} and also to the Commanding Officer of the Company to which the Serjeant Major and Drum Major shall belone, two

Months

A.D. 1767.

Anttd G«or Gh lit.

C.

285

Months Pay in Advance for such Serjeant and Drum Mater: and so from Time to TFme so long as any for the Serjeant#, Money on that Account shall remafn in his Hands: Which ray every such Captain or Commanding OfficCr is hereby required to distribute to each Person belonging to his Company, by this Act inticled to pences oTrhe said, receive the same, as it shall become due; and shall, once in every Year, give in to the Clerk of the Regi- company; Cap. ment or Battalion to Which such Company shall belong, or, if Captain of an Independant Company, to tain to pay for the Receiver General, an Actount of the several Payments helhall have made in pursuance of this Act, "ch^nH per actording to the following Form:

ncy towards Charges of thetlospital 5 and for the Serjeant Major and Dram Major 5 to be paid to the Commanding Officer of the Company to which they be* longt Captains to distribute the Pay accordingly j and account for the ikme yearly to the Clerk, Or Receiver General, if *n Independant Company, according to the following Fortn j

County of £)r.

Per Contra

C r.

To Cash received of Mr.

Regimental or Battalion Clerk, or Receiver General, as the Case shall be, for two Months Phy in Advance

Paid Serjeant for Days ray from the of to the of

following -- ,

Ditto as Serjeant Major (if One in the Company) raid Servant for Dayh ray from the of to the of

following — ,

Paid Drummer

Days at six Pence, from t the of to the

of following Ditto as Drum Major fif One in the Company) '

Paid Drummer '

Days from the of |» to the of following ' 1 Two Months Contingent cies for Men and

Two Drummers, at six Pence per Month each,

And shall pay back to the said Clerk, or tb the Receiver General, as the C!afe shall be, the Surplus (if ahy) toi piybsck th# of the Money by him from Time to Time received, and then remaining in his Hands (except the Money Surplus Monies by this Act allowed for contingent Expences) which shall once in every Year be accounted for by the Caji-,n h" Handl* tain of each Company respectively, in Manner aforesaid; and the Balance thereof shall be by fiim {laid «n&at Ex«£aT into the Hands of the Clerk of the Regiment of Battalion to Which such Company shall belong, to be a0- ecs, whichIre plied to the general Use of the said Regiment or Battalion, as the Field Officers and Captains thereof, or to be amounted the greater Part of them, shall direct; and the Captain of each Independant Company is hereby required for. »ndapplied to distribute to each Person belonging to his Company intitled thereto, such Money as he shall receive by virtue of this Act; and the said Money allowed for the contingent Expences of each Independant Com- g^cnl> &c, pany of Militia, shall be respectively applied to the particular Use of such Independant Company, by the Captains of Ip* Captain thereof, ' dependant Com*

Tunics to di&rN

btote the Fay to their Men, and apply thfe Money tlloVeS for contingent Eapence*

V. And be it enacted, That the said Regimental or Battalion Clerk m3y and shall rdtalrt to his own*Use*, Clerk t» retain cut of the Money so by him received, such further Sums as shall complete the Allowance herein before nude for his Salary. % salary,'

VI. And be it Further enacted, That whenever his Majesty's Lieutenant, or any three or more Deputy when the l<j. Lieutenants of any County. Riding, of Place, shall have fixed the Days of Exercise for the Militia, be or ®r, Drpa* they shall, as fbon as may oe, certify the same to the Receiver General of such County, Riding* or Place, iheoTsof specifying the Number Of Meti, and the Number of Days such Men are to be absent from Home oil ac- Exeidfe, they count of such Exercise 5 and such Receiver General is hereby required, within fourteen Days after the Re- are to certify the ceipt of such Certificate, to iilue and pay to the Clferk of the several Regiments or Battalions, at the Rate to the Re-.,

of leven Shillings and six Pence per Day for the Captain of each Company, and at the Rate of three Shi!- Gcn'rjl*

lings and six Pence per Day for each Lieutenant, and of three Shillings per Dtiy for each Enfigrr; and also N^rci'Men at the Rate of one Shilling per Duy for eath Private Militia Man, with the Addition of six Pence per Day tndD»ys thry # for each Corporal of the Militia, so to be called out to Exercise, for the Number of Days such Officers shall be absent and Men shall be absent from Home on account of such Exercise y and in such Counties where there shall from How,

be

' V

t86 C. 17. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

Rec«ivcrGetieral be Independant Companies only, the Receiver General of each such respective County shall issue and pay to jdue there- to the Captains of the Independant Companies, at the Rate of seven Shillings and six Pence per Day for OfficersandMen eadt Captain, three Shillings and six Pence per Day for each Lieutenant, and three Shillings per Day for to the Regimen - each Ensign; and also at the Rate of one Shilling per Day for each Private Militia Man, with the Addi-ulCle.k, &c. tion of six Pence per Day for each Corporal of the Militia, so to be called out to Exercise, for the Number Where there of Days such Officers and Men shall be absent from Home on account of such Exercise; and the said darn Com^Imel Regimental or Battalion Clerks are hereby required forthwith to pay the Proportion of Pay belonging to only, thTite-CS each Captain of the said Regiments or Battalions, the Proportion of Pay belonging to each Captain, and ceiver General i«likewise the Pay belonging to their respective Companies.'

to issue Pay to tjic Captains, according to the Rate here set down. Clerk to pay over the Money to the respective Captain*.

Captains to make

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Captain of each Company shall make up an Account of all.

!«crording'to?het received and paid by him on accpupt jof such Exercise, according to the following Form:

[following Foroi j

County of Dr. ! Ptr Contra ' Cr.

To Cash received of " the Regimental or Battalion CJerk, or Receiver General (as the Case shall be) for Days Pay of Men.

'tol>e frrncd by Which Account shall be signed by the said Captain, and countersigned by the Commanding Officer; and them, and conn- such Captain shall, within ten Days after the Time of such Exercise, deliver such Account, and pay the teisigned by the Balance, if there be any due, to the Regimental or Battalion Clerk; or, if Captain of an Independant Commanding Company, to the Receiver General: And such Accounts shall be allowed as sufficient Vouchers in the ^ndddivered of the Accounts of such Receiver General, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer.

with the Dalance, to the Clerk, or Receiver General. Account* allowed sufficient Voucher*. 1

During the Time.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Com-the Troops are pany of Militia, is or shall be embodied, and called out into actual Service, and thereby the Officers and embodied, and private Militia Men are or shall be inti tied to the same Pay as the Officers and Private Men in his Majesty's acluai s'crvice ot^er Regiments of Foot receive, all Pay from the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for the and ^ecciie F^ County, Riding, or Place, to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company of Militia shall as the King’s belong, whether to the Adjutants, Serjeants, Private Militia Men, or others; and all Money allowed as other Forces, *11 aforesaid for the contingent Expences of such Regijnent, Battaliop, or Independant Company of Militia; Pay and Allow. an(j aif0 the Allowance to the Clerk of such Regiment or Battalion; shall, during such Time of actual Ser-ReceiveTcenc. v,ce> anc* unt‘l Re£*ment* Battalion, or Independant Company, shall be disembodied, and return ta! are to ccafe. Home by Order of their Commanding Officers, cease and not be paid.

Receivers Gent- Anc3 be it enacted, That the said Receiver or Receivers of the Land Tax shall pay to the Clerk of

rai to pay the the General Meetings his Allowance, at the Rate of five Pounds five Shillings for each Meeting, upon his Allowances to producing an Order or Orders for that Purpose from his Majesty's Lieutenant, or from three Deputy Lieu-cierki of the tenants afieinbled at some General Meeting or Meetings; and shall also pay to each and every of the In C« a nd^so The- Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings their several Allowances, at the Rate of one Pound one Shilling for Clerks"f the each Meeting, upon his or their producing an Order or Orders from one ot more Deputy Lieutenant or De--Subdivliion puty Lieutenants, assembled in the several Subdivision Meetings; which said Order or Orders shall be to Meetings, upon the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, a sufficient Discharge for the Payment of such producing Oidtw Allowances, and be allowed in his or their Account.

from the Lieu-. -

tenant or Deputy Lieutenants. Orders to discharge Receivers General.

Re irrental and Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia, shall

PattJion Clerks Security to the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax of the County, Riding, or Place, to to %ive Security -which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong, by a Bond to his Majesty in the Penalty of one-half of the for paying and Sum required for the whole Year’s Charge of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia to which such Clerk kr shall belong, for duly answering and paying such Sums as he shall, from Time to Time, have received, and 'C?ived determined by them" ^or tluly accounting for the same, and for Performance of the Trust hereby in him reposed; which said the Bond? to be P°nd mail be lodged in the Hands of the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for the respective lodged with the County, Riding, or Place, who, in case the said Regimental or Battalion Clerk shall not duly perform the* Receivers Gene- Conditions comprised in the said Bond, shall, and is hereby required" forthwith to put the said Bond in Suit rai, and pur 19 in the jNjiirne of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; the full Costs and Charges of which Suit in case Nonp/r*orn^anee Judgement shall be given against such Regimental or Battalion Clerk, shall be paid by him to the said Re-, the Condi- ceiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, who shall likewise be intitled to, and receive to his or their tions; and they own Use, at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum out of all such Monies as shall be by him or them recovered are miiticd thereon; and shall account for the Residue thereof with the proper Auditor of his Majesty's Revenue; the tZTJctr Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax charging himself or themselves therewith, upon the ,ge», and 5 i. flext Account of the Land Tax to be by him or them passed.

C Cent, of the Money t#coveted.j the Residue to be accounted for to the Auditor.

Paid Militia Men

Days

Paid additional Pay to Corporals Days

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii IN. C. 17. 2 87

XL. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of every Regiment or Battalion of Militia, and the Captain of The Regiment*! very Independent Company of Militia, in every County, Riding, and Place, within the Part of Great j*a,tJ,on Britain aforesaid, shall, between the twenty-fifth Day of March and the twenty-fourth Day of "fune, one CAptJ'ntoVin-thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, deliver to the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Lax for dependent Com-the County, Riding, or Place, to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company shall belong, panics, are to a fair Account in Writing, of all Monies by him received and disbursed for the Service of the preceding dHiver in Ac* Year, in pursuance of this Act, wkh proper Vouchers for the same; and shall pay back to the said Receiver of or Receivers General of the Land Tax, any Surplus of such Monies that shall then be in his Hand*?; which uXiocrnTnis said Accounts, signed by such Regimental or Battalion Clerk, or by such Captain of an Independant Company and pay over tie respectively, shall be transmitted by the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, into the Balance to the Office of tnc proper Auditor of his Majesty's Revenue. Receiver*.Pme-

r ‘., ral; who are to transmit the Account* into the Auditor'sO.Kce.-

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Penalties, all Costs and Charges of Suit, and all Recovery of Pe-

Sums of Money, for which any Person or Persons is or are by this Act made answerable, may and shall be &c.

recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Wager at Law, or Protection, or more than one Imparlance, shall be

allowed.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Fee or Gratuity whatsoever shall be given or pnid N*0 3.j

for or upon account of any Warrant or Sum of Money which shall be issued in relation to, or in pursuance forwa^or

of, this Act. or 5um of Mo-

ney iflueJ in pursuance of this Act.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Person being on Half-pay, and serving in the Mili- officer* on H*lf-tia, shall and may, and he is hereby impowered to receive and take the Subsistence-money by this Act puy irrving in directed to be paid to Captains, Lieutenants, or Ensigns; and the receiving and taking such Subsistence- the Militia may money by any such Captain, Lieutenant, or Ensign, shall not be deemed a Receiving or Taking Pay, so as in any Manner to prevent such Person on Half-pay receiving his Half-pay; and such Person lnall take pVy^Vc to°Ltcu--the following Oath before some Justice of the Peace, who is hereby impowered to administer the same; tenm or En-

signs, they taking the following Oath before Justice.

I A.B. do swear. That I had not, between the any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil The Oath#.

c JL or Military, under his Majesty, besides my Allowance of Half-pay as a reduced in

c late Regiment of save and except my Subsistence as Lieutenant or Ensign, as

# the Case may be, for serving in the Militia of the County of

And the taking the said Oath shall be sufficient to intitle such Person to receive his Half-pay, without taking' any other Oath; any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receiver General of the Land Tax, Receiver-gene? so loon as he shall receive a Warrant under the Hand of the Colonel or Commanding Officer of their re- r*l, u:on respective Regiments or Battalions, certifying the Receipt of the Cloathing, and an Order from the said ceiving a War--Colonel or Commanding Officer for the Money due on account of the same, payable to the Person or Per- ranl hom the foils who furnished the said Cloathing, shall pay the Sum mentioned in such Order to the Person intitled to receive the same; and such Warrant and Order, together with the Receipt of the Person receiving the said jngCihe Rwclpt Money, shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Receiver General. ! (he Cloathing,

and an Order for Payment, is to pay the same accordingly.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Regiment, Battalion, or if any Regi-Indepcndent Company, shall cease and determine, during the Continuance of this Act, the Sum of three ^11

Hulling* per Diem shall be paid to such Person as has afturdly served as Adjutant to such Regiment, Batra-

lion, or independant Company, from the Time such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company shall cease, to the twenty-fifth Day of Marcby onfc thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight. fr0Jn fttch

Time to 25 March, 1768.

XVII. And whereas by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, it is enacted, That any Militia Man inlisting himself into any of his Majesty's other Forces, shall, over and above any Penalty

or Punishment to which any such Militia Man was liable, be deemed to be legally infilled, and should,

from the Day on which his Engagement to serve in the Militia should end, belong as a Soldier to € such Co. ps of his Majesty's other Forces into which he shall have infilled, and Ihotild, till regularly discharge 1, be liable to all the Duties of a Soldier, and to all Pains and Penalties inflicted by the Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And whereas the said rrovision hath been found very inconvenient, and prejudicial to the Militia Se vice \ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said recited Provision shall be and is hereby repealed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Officer, Serjeant, or ther Person recruiting for Men to inlist and serve in his Majesty's other Forces, lfiutl, at any Time from and after the passing of this Act, wilfully and knowingly inlist any Person who, at the Time of such Infilling, shall be inrolled and engaged to serve in any Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company of Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, every such Inlisting (h ill be deemed null and void; and in case any Militia Man shall, at any Time from and after the passing of this Act, deny to any Officer,

Serjeant,

CJaufr in the Aa of the Lit St ffi. n, rcl.it ng to M litia Muii inlistmp in a iy of the K.rp’i other hicct,

repealrJ,

Rifn.itinp Ps* tirs f[( n lie K.m.l'S r hir f« rtti inhfthg Vilen Vcn;. lull In lifting deemed vai'k -

288 C. 17. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

Hiti, ia Man dc- Serjeant, or other Person recruiting for Men to inldjt apd ferv$ in his Majesty* other Forces, that he is, at aying, at the the Time of his ottering to inljft, a Militia Man then a&ually inrolled and engaged to serve; (which the Time of inlisti said Officer, Serjeant, or other Person, is hereby required tQ a#£. any Man ottering to inlist) and shall hed15 inlist in his Majesty's other Forces, or shall offer himself to be inrolled apd serve in tjic Regiment Batta-en^icrdtorerre:Kan, or Independant Company of Militia, belonging to any other Count,y, Riding, or Plape; every such or offering to be Person so offending* on Conviction thereof by the IftforqwUop a#d Qatfc of one Witijefe, before a Justice inroited, and of the Peace for the Cpupty, Riding, or Place, wherein inch Person was first inrolled and engaged to fmc, in any serve in Militia (which Oath focn justice is hereby impowered and required to administer) shall be committed to the common Gaol of such County* Riding* or Place, there to remain, without Bail or be commit- Mainprise, for and during any Tune nof exceeding six Months, over apd above any Penalty or Punife-tH for 6 Months ment to which such Person so offending is or shall be liable by L<lw| and every such Person so offending, v-r and ab>ve from the Day on which his Engagement to serve in the Militia shall end, and not (boner, shall belong, as Y hi n8ku he a Soldier, to such Corps of his Majesty's other Forces into which he shall have been so inlisted, and wall, l3w- Indatth*ti]1 regularly discharged therefrom* be to such Duties, Pafiis, ^nd Penalties as the Soldiers in such

zZ'Jhi, En Corps shall be liable to.

shall ferye as a Saldict in the Corps in which he inlisted.

XIX. And whereas the several Powers granted by the Laws now in being, relating to the Militia Forces within that Part of Great Britain called Enrlandj for punching Serjeants, Drummers, and Fifers, for Misbehaviour, Disobedience of Orders, or Neglectt of Duty, during the Time the Militia to which they belong is not in actual Service, or is not called Out to annual Exercise, have been found defe&W ai*d

Secant, Drum.4 insufficient 1 be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Serjeant-major, Serjeant, mcr> or Fifc* Drum-major, Drummer, or Fifer, engaged to serve in any Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company of Militia, within that Part of Great Britain called England) and who shall have received Pay therein at any Time from and after the passing of this Act, during his Engagement to serve in any such Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company, and during the Time the Militia, to which he shall belong, is not in actual Service, or out at annual Exercise, shall misbehave, be negligent in his Duty, or be disobe-dient to the Orders of the Adjutant, or other his superioi; Officer, and be thereof convt&ed upon the Oathofjhe Adjutant, or other his superior Officer, or other credible Witness, before a Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place, to the Militia whereof such Serjeant-major, Serjeant, Drum-major, Drummer, or Fifer, shall belong (which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered and required to administer); such Serjeant-major, Serjeant, Drum-major, Drummer, or Fifer, (over and above any Penalty or Punishment to which he shall be liable by any former Law) shall be committed to the common Gaol of the County, Riding, or Place, wherein such Offender shall be engaged to serve in the Militia, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding six Months.

subject to by former Atts) be committed for 6 Mouths;

guilty of Mifbe-luvi^yr, Negl<£l tt Duty, or Disobedience of Ot-ders, when the Regiment, &c. >« hot in actual Service, or out on annual Exer. Cife, may (over nd above the Penalty he is

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ip case apy Serjeant-major, Serjeant, Drum-major, Drummer, or Fifer, during the Time the Militia to which he mall belong is not in actual Service, or out at annual Exercise, shall desert from the Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company, nd deferring, in which he shall be inrolled and engaged to serve; it shall and may be lawful to and for any Headborough, at a:;y such Constable, or Tythingman, of the Town or Place where any Person who may be reasonably suspected to apprehended, C such a Deserter shall be found, to apprehend, or cause him to be apprehended, and to cause such Person to and committed; he brought before any Justice of the Peace living in or near such Town or Place, who bath hereby Power 1 to examine such suspected Person; and if by his Confession, or the Testimony of ope or more Witnefcor Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice, it shall appear or be found that such fufoefted Person is such a Deserter, such Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be found, or to the House of Correction, or other publick Prison, in such Town of which an Ac- or Place where such Deserter shall be apprehended; and transmit an Account thereof to the Secretary at count is to War for the time being, to the End such Person may be proceeded against as is herein after directed; and trdnimitted to the Keeper of such Gaol, House of Correction, or Prison, shall receive the full Subsistence of such De-War YnY^dcAo ^erte^’ during the Time that he or they shall continue in his Custody, for the Maintenance of the faifl pwYuYYn, Vc°. Deserter, but shall not be intitled to any Fee or Reward on Account of his or their Imprisonment; any Keeper t.f the Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Prison to receive the Subsistence-money for his Maintenance.

P r so n to be delivroed u; r& the Or. lot of the Seo clary at War;

rvl conveyed tn a J >ifriL" of the County, £c. in or!«r so C< jti- nuiRjciU;

where h? is to remain, till the K v.i rnc-nt be

rirth int#

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Secretary at War for the time being, upon receiving such Account as aforesaid, if such Deserter shall be taken out of the County to the Militia whereof he or they shall belong, to issue out an Order, under his Hand and Seal, to the Gaoler or Keeper of the Prison where such Deserter shall be confined, requiring such Gaoler or Kei per to deliver such Deserter to the Person or Persons therein named, which he is hereby required to do; and such Person or Persons shall thereupon convey such Deserter in such Manner, and by such Means, as the Secretary at War for the time being shall directs, before a Justice of the County to the Militia whereof such Deserter shall belong, who shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Gaol, House of Correction, or other publick Prison, within the said County, to the End such Deserter may be proceeded against as is herein after directed.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Th.it such Deserter shall remain and be kept in such Gaol or Prison without Bail or Mainprize, until such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company of Militia, to which such Deserter shall belong, shall he called out to annual Exercise, or imbodied

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 18. 289

died and called forth into actual Service, which shall first happen; and the Officer then commanding such Serv’c*» or an. Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company, shall iilue out ail Order under his Hand and Seal, to the hVbV de- Gaoler or Keeper of the Prison v.'here such Deserter shall be confined, requiring such Gaoler or Keeper to mj.lcjeJby hi* eh luer such Deserter to the Person or Persons therein named, which he is hereby required to do; and such c.remanding Orficer commanding such Regiment, Battalion, or liulepcndant Company, is hereby impowered and Officer, required to summon and hold a Court-martial for the Trial of such Deserter, in such Manner and with the and f fame Power and Authority as given and directed by the Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and the J^TiuMfec better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; and if upon such Trial such Deserter shall be found guilty, '

it shall and may be lawful to punish him in such Manner as such Court-martial shall in their Discretion think fit, agreeable to the Powers and Provision of the Articles of War, and the said Act for punishing M utiny and Desertion, and the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

XXII. I, And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Serjeant-major, Serjeant, Drum- And cVferting it major. Drummer, or Fifer, shall desert, during the Time the Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Cony- the Time of ac-nany, in which he shall he inrolled and be engaged to serve, shall be in actual Service, or at annual tualScrvice» or txercifc, and shall not be apprehended during such Time, such DyTcrter shall and may be apprehended and *iVe"and*(1^11^ proceeded against in the same Manner as is herein before tlircded in the Case of such Serjeant-major, Ser- not'be apprr. jjeant, Druin-major, Drummer, or Fifer, deferring, during the Timp the Militia to which he shall belong hended during is not in actual Service, or out at annual Exercise. such Time, he

may be proceeded against as in the former Calc.

XXIV. And, for the better Encouragement of any Person to apprehend and secure such Deserters as Person* appro-arforesaid, be it further enacted, That the Justice of the Peace before whom any such Deserter shall be bending LrnVr-committed, shall and may issue his Warrant in Writing to the Clerk of the Regiment, Battalion, or Inde-

pendant Company, to which such Deserter shall belong, directing and requiring such Clerk to pay out of by Warrant from the Stock belonging to such Regiment, Battalion, or independant Company, into the Hands of such Per- the Justicetothe son who shall apprehend any such Deserter, the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Deserter that shall be Reg;mental so apprehended and committed. Clerk.

XXV. Provided always, That if any Person shall harbour, conceal, or assist, any such Deserter, knowing Penalty of co«-him to be so, the Person so offending shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds; to be celling Defentr# levied and recovered in the same Manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures are to be levied and recovered in*1 5*

and by an Act of the second Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and to be levied

reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being relating to the railing and training of Act t Geo. j.

the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England?. dbett*.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to enable the Trustees of the British Museum to exchange, fell, or dispose of, any Duplicates of printed Books, Medals, Coins, or other Curiosities, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Things that may be wanting inf or proper for the said Museum.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late PrwnM* nets

Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the rurchafe of the Museum, or Collection

Sir Hans Sloane, and of the Harleian Collection of Manufcrtpts; and for better providing one general Eepojt^ Gn tory for the better Reception, and more convenient life, of the said Collection, and of the Cottonian Library, c% iQ.fta, j%\ and :f the Additions thereto; it is, amongst other Things enabled. That within the Cities of London or Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof, one general Repohtory should be erected or provided in tuch convenient Place, and in such Manner, as the Trustees thereby appointed, or the major Part of them, at a general Meeting aTembled, should diicd, for the Reception not only of the said Museum, or Collection of Sir Hans Slonne, but also of the Cottonian Library, and of the Additions which had been or should be made thereto, by virtue of the lift Will and Testament of Arthur Edwards Esquire in the said Act named, and likewise of the said Harleian Collection of Manuscripts, and of such other Additions to the said C:tt;nian Library as, with the Approbation of the Trustees by the said Act app >inted, or the major Part of them, at a general Meeting assembled, should be made thereunto, in Manner therein after-mentioned; and of such other Collections and Libraries as, with the like Approbation, should be admitted into the said general Repository; and that the said several Collodions, Additions, and Library, so received into the said general Repi fitory, should remain and be prelcrved therein, for publick U(e, to all P«ftrrity: And whereas the said Collodions have been greatly increased by considerable Donations from his Majesty, and the Gifts of several Noblemen and others; and it is probable that great Additions will hereafter be made ther to: And whereas there are now, and there*may hereafter be, in the various Departments of the British Museum, many Duplicatesof printed Books, Med-ds, Coins, and other Curio-ti.ici, which it would be proper to dispose of, in order to make room for others May it therefore p'case Your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's nuftt Excellent Majesty,-by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in his present ParPiment ali'embled, and by the Authority of the same, Thru it shall and may be lawful to nd for the said Trustees, and their Successors, or any five or more of them, at any Meeting alicmbleJ,

:id they are hereby authorised and impowered, from time to tima, and at ail Times hereafter, to order any *Vri. ,r

29°

of printed Books, Medals, Coins, See. to be exchanged, for Manuscript?,

&c. or to be sold; and the Money laid out in purchasing Such aa

Preamble, reciting Clauses in Alt i Geo. 3. c. I.

1 Annst, St. 1.

«. 7.

9 Ann*, c. it,

and 5 Geo. 3«

c. 25.

His Majesty im-

powered by Let* ters Patent, or Indentures under the Great Seal, to grant an Annuity of 8-coo). unto Ivs Roy.ti Hi chiefs the Duke of York; and a like Annu'ty to hix Royal High-

C. 19. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

Duplicates of printed Books, Medals, Coins, or other Curiosities, to be exchanged for Manuscripts, Books, Medals, Coins, or other Curiosities; or to direct any such Duplicates of printed Books, Medals, Coins, or other Curiosities, to be sold or disposed of, and the Money to arise by such Sale to be laid out in the Purchase of Manuscripts, Books, Medals, Coins, and other Curiosities, that may be wanting in, or proper for the said Museum; the said herein before-recited Act of Parliament, or any athur Act, Matter, or Thing, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

may be wanting, or proper.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to enable his Majesty to settle certain Annuities on their Royal Highnesses the Dukes

of Torkt GlouceJltTy and Cumberland.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS your Majesty hath been nleased to recommend to the Consideration of your faithful Commons, that a more competent Provision should be made for the honourable Support and c Maintenance of your Majesty's Royal Brothers, the Dukes of York, Gloucester, and Cumberland, than the present necessary Charges upon your Majesty's Civil List have permitted your Majesty to make: And whereas by an Act made in the first Year of your Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Sup- port of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain; the Duties and Revenues commonly called The Hereditary Revenues, together with several temporary Duties and Revenues thereby continued, and all other Branches and Revenues which, on the twenty-fourth Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and llxty, flood settled or appointed, to be towards the Support of the Household of his late Majesty King George the Second, of blessed Memory, and the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, were (except as is therein excepted) directed to be, during your Majesty's Life, carried to, and made Part of, the General or Aggregate Fund established by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First; and for the Support of your Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of your Crown, a certain yearly Rent or Rents, or Sum or Sums of Money, was or were by the said Act granted out of the said Fund: And whereas by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for preserving the Inheritance of several Revenues of the Crown, intituled, An Act for the better Support of her Majesty's Household, and 4 of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown; all Grants thereof (other than such as are therein expressed) 4 are declared to be void: And by another Act made in the ninth Year of her said late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for establishing a General Post OJfce for all her Majesty's Dominions, and for settling a 4 Weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the War, and other her Majestys Occasions, it was enabled. That such Part of the Duties and Revenues arising in or by the General Letter Office or Poll Office, which was thereby veiled in her said late Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and therein mentioned to be undeterminable, should not be alienable, chargeable, or grantable, for any Estate, Term, or Time whatsoever, to endure longer than the Life of the Kin| or Queen that should make such Alienation, Charge, or Grant respectively; and that all Gifts, Grants, Alienations, and Assurances whatsoever, to be had or made of, and charged upon, the same Duties or Revenues, or any Part thereof, contrary to the Provision of that Act, should be null and void: And by an Act made in the fifth Year of your Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to alter certain Rates of Pcftage, and to amend, explain, and enlarge, several Provisions in an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in other Arts relating to the Revenue of the Post Office; it was enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Rates therein before-mentioned (except as is therein excepted) should be appropriated and applied to such and the same Uses to which the then Rates of Portage were respectively by Law appropriated and made appli- cable: Now we, having taken into Consideration the necessary Charges upon your Majesty's Civil List Revenue, arising from the present State of your Royal Family, more numerous in its Branches than these your Kingdoms have had the Happiness of seeing it in any former Reign; and thinking it highly just and reasonable that your Majesty should be enabled to make such Provision for the honourable Sup- port and Maintenance of their said Royal Highnesses, as may be suitable to their high Rank and many princely Accomplishments, do most humbly beteech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by any Loners Patent or Indenture, or by several Letters Patent or Indentures, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, hereafter to be nude, to give and grant unto his dearly beloved and Royal Brothers the respective Annuities or yearly Rems or Sums following; that is to say, one Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum of eight thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, unto his Royal Highness Edivnrd Aaguilus Duke of York, for and durin? his natural Life, one other Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum of ci^ht thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, unto his Royal Hghness William Henry Duke of Gioneefter, for and during his natural Life; and one other Annuity or y^.niy Rent <»r Sum of eight thousand Pounds of lawful Money ot Great Britain, unto his Royal Highness Henry Frederick Duke of Cumberland, for and during his natural Life: Which said respective Annuities, or yearly Rents or Sums, and every Part thereof, shall commence and take effect from the fifth Day of January, in the Year of our Lord one thousand I even

huiuiicd

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 19.

Ivin!red and fi\ty-fev?n; and shall be paid and payable at the four usual Days of Payment in the Year; tl» t is to Jay, The fiuh Day of Aprils the fifth Day of July% the tenth Day of October, and the fifth Day of January, by even and equal Portions; the first Payment thereof to be made at the fifth Day of April, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven; and that the said respective Annuities, or yearly Rems or Sums, shall and may, by such Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures, be direcied, during the Continuance of the said Act made in the first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, (irtitultd, 1 An Act for the Support of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the 4 t’lown of Great Britain,) to be irtuing and payable out of, or 1 harged and chargeable upon, the Duties r.nd Revenues composing the said Fund commonly called The General or A~?rerr ate Fund, and every or any of them (after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such Sum and hums of Money as hath or have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter he charged upon, and payable out of, the said Lund) and from and immediately after the Expiration of the said Act, to be issuing and payable out of, or charged and chargeable upon, all or any Part or Parts of such of the said Hereditary Duties, Revenues, and Branches, as were thereby carried to, and made Part of, the said General or Aggregate Fund, and shall be then subsisting; and of such Part of the Rates of Postage, granted by the said Act made in the fi:th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act to alter certain Rates of Postage, and to amend, explain, and enlarge, several Provisions in an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in other Acts relating to the Revenue of the Post Office’) as shall then belong to, and be Part of, the Hereditary Revenue of the Crown.

thrn oot of such of the Hereditary Duties, Arc. as were made Part of sche said Fund by the said Act, or out of such of the Rates of Postage,

Geo. 3. as fhiU then belong to the Crown.

291

ness the Duke of

Gloucester; and a like Annu l) to his Royal nofs the Duke of Cumberland; to commence from J.in.

176', anr. to be pain Quarterly, vir. cn 5 April,

5 July, 10 Oc-to er, and 5 J nu-^ry. f iift Payment to be made on 5 Aprd, 1767j and to be payable out of the Aggregate Fund, during the Continuance of Act I Geo. 3. and after the Expiration thereof, granted by Alt

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Annuities or yearly The said Annui-

Rents or Sums respectively, shall, during the Continuance of the said Act made in the first Year of his during the Majesty's Reign, be paid and payable at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer; and from and imme- QCfe

c!iatcly after the Expiration of the said Act, either at the said Receipt, or by and from the-immediate *ar*lo be* paid at* Hands of all and every the Commissioners, Farmers, Treasurers, or Receivers/for the time being, of the the Exchequer; Hereditary Duties, Revenues, and Branches aforesaid, respectively, upon which the said respective An- and afterwards miities or yearly Rems or Sums, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be charged by virtue of this Act; and either there, or that all the said Annuities, or yearly Rents or Sums, shall be paid and payable without any Fees or ouh/^vV ucs* Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same, or any Part thereof; and the Acquittance or °&^ln which"* Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts, of their said Royal Highnesses respectively, or of such other Person or tare charg-Persons as shall be by them respectively authorised and appointed to receive any such annual or yearly cd; and to be Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment thereof, Pa, J *Ilhout without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that Behalf; and that the said charV*- andfo respective Annuities, or yearly Rents or Sums, and every Part thereof, shall be free and clear as well from beai^Tu-froe. the Rates and Assessments granted by an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, (intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of c the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven’) as from all Taxes, Impositions, and other publick Charges whatsoever.

III. Provided always, That if the said respective Annuities, or yearly Rents or Sums, or any or either If the Ammtxet

of them, or any Part thereof, shall cease to be chargeable upon and payable out of the said General or 1)1,11 ccafc 10 bc Aggregate Fund, or any Part thereof, and shall become chargeable upon and payable out of all or any of the said Hereditary Duties, Revenues, and Branches, between any two of the said quarterly Days of I’jyment; then, and in such Case, such Annuities respectively shall, at the next Quarter Day, be payable comcV»):*Me ?t the Receipt of the Exchequer out of the said General or Aggregate Fund, and out of the said Here- out ui the Hereditary Duties, Revenues, and Branches, in proportion to the Times during which the same were in the/ary Kc venues, Coure of such Quarter so chargeable and payable; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding. D^Vn^y-

meot; they are then to be apportioned out of both.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Officers of the Receipt of his orficer?rffufine, Majesty's Exchequer, or the said Commissioners, Farmers, Treasurers, or Receivers, for the time being, of all or any of the Hereditary Duties, Revenues, or Branches aforesaid, upon which the said respective /hcn Annuities, or yearly Rents or Sums, or any Part or Parcs thereof, shall be charged as aforesaid, shall aucandeemand-refuse or neglect to pay the said respective Annuities, or yearly Rents or Sums, or any Part thereof, accord- ed, ing to the true Intent of this Act, and of such Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures, to be granted by his Mawfty as aforesaid; or to do any Act necessary to enable any or either of their said Roy^l Highnesses, to do any a<$ or any Person or Persons by them respectively authorised and appointed to receive the f.»mc; then each nd every* of their said Royal Highnesses respectively, to whom such Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, *'mcn

shall have been granted, or such other Person or Persons who shall be lo authorised or appointed to receive the same, or any Part thereof, so neglected or refused to be paid, may, from time to time, fuc, pmfecutc, ar-liable to or implead, such Officers, Commissioners, Farmers, Treasurers, or Receivers, or any of them, or all ci be Jucd. any of their Securities, Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, by Bill, Plaint, or Action of D bt; and (Lai! and m..y recover Judgements, and sue out Executions thereupon, agdnft such Officers, Commissioners. Farmers, Treasurers, or Receivers respectively, and their respective Securities, Heirs, Executor*, and Administruiors, for such Sum and Sums of Money then due and owing upon any such icipcftive

P p a Annuity,

292 C. 20, 21, 22, 23. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, as shall be in the Hands of any such Officers* Commissimiers, Farmers, Treasurers, or Receivers respectively, at the time or times when Demand shall have been legally made of the Payment of such respective Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, as aforesaid, or for the Refusal or Neglect to do any Act necessary to be done to enable any of either of their said Royal Highnesses, or any Person or Persons by them respectively authorised and appointed, to receive the same.

The Powers, V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Precepts, Dta&ions, and Directions and Clauses, to be contained-in his Majesty's Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures, hereafter tained in^heVaid to ma^e as aforesaid, for the better and more certain Payment and Assurance of the said respective

xJtrers Patent, Annuities, ojr yearly Rents or Sums, and for making the said respective Revenues, or any of them, or declared to be any Part or Parts thereof, liable thereunto as aforesaid, shall be good and effectual in the Law, according goo* in Law ac- to the Tenor and Purport thereof in the said Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures, to be expressed, cording to the notwithstanding any Restriction or other Matter or Thing contained in the said Act of Parliament made MruhereofUr" ,n Year of ^er Lte Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Support of her Majesty's

notwithstanding ‘ Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown and notwithstanding any Restriction or the Acts of 1 & other Matter or Thing contained in the said Act made in the ninth Year of her said late Majesty's Reign, 9 Am a. for establishing the Poll Office, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament; and any Mif-recital, Nonrecital, Oiniffjon, or other Defect, in the said Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures, hereafter to be made, in any wise notwithstanding.

ReiVrvation of VI. Saving to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, their Heirs, Executors, Right5, Administrators, and Assigns, (other than to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and SuccessorsJ all such Right,

Title, Interest, and Demand whatsoever, which they, or any of them, have, or may have, of, in, to, or out of, the Revenues aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part thereof, before the making of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made') any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XX.

An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Bast or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horse-hair Hats and Bonnets, and upon certain Materials for making the same, imported into this Kingdom. Repealed by 10 Geo. 3. c. 43. which J'ee for the present Duties.

CAP. XXL

An Act to obviate Inconveniencies which may arise with respect to the Execution of several Acts of Parliamen: in such Cities, Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Franchises, and Liberties, as have only one Justice of the Peace of the Quorum qualified to act within the same.

Preamble! c T 17 WHEREAS Authority is given by divers Acts of Parliament to two or more Justices of the Peace,

V V whereof one or more are to be of the Quorum: And whereas many Inconveniencies have arilen

in such Cities, Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Franchises, and Liberties, as have only one Justice of the Peace of the Quorum qualified to act within the same P Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

Two or more this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of Justices, tho’not this present Act, all Acts, Orders, Adjudications, Warrants, Indentures of Apprenticeship, or other In-t? firuments> which shall be made, done, or executed, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament mine or cTrry certain° to by two or more Justices of the Peace qualified to act within such Cities, Boroughs, Towns

Aai mio Exe. Corporate, Franchises, and Liberties, though neither of the said Justices are of the Quorum, (h ill be cut;on. valid and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as if one of the said Justices had been of the

Quorum; any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXII.

Sre c. 4, j, An Act for further allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat Flour, Barley, Barley-meal, and Puh'e, *» 54- free of Duty, into this Kingdom from any Part of Europe.

EXP.

CAP. XXIII.

For Westminster

An Act to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, sold by Wharf Mea-*? Gc°'fore, within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof} and between Tower Dock and aj Geo. ». c. 6. L'melouse Hole in the County of Middlesex.

31 CJeo.2. c. 27.

0 Geo. 3. c. 35. Preamble, 6

WHEREAS many great Frauds and Impositions are practised in the Admeasurement of Coal?

within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and at the several Wharfs situate between the To,vcr oi London and Limehouse Hole in the County of Middlesex, to the great Loss of the Consumer,

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 23. 293

and Discredit of the fair Trader, many of whom are frequently harassed with vexatious Law Sui's, for Offences which, as the Law now Hands, are not in their Power to prevent :* For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, there shall

he ererted and continued within the City of Linden, in or near Thames Street, one Publick Office, which Office anpomte<f shall he called by the Name of 1 The LanJ Coal Meters Office for the City of Linden, and between the a 4 Tower of London and Limehouse Hole in the County of Middlesex \ which laid OiRce shall, from and after the Lid first Day o{jure, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, for and during the Teim of fourteen Years then next cn suing, be managed by John Evans of the City of London, Coal Merchant, who is hereby nominated and appointed to be the Manager of such Office; which Office, when ererted, shall be kept open every D.ty (Sundays excepted) from the twenty fifth Day of March to the twenty-ninth Day of Septnnher yearly, during the Continuance of this Aift, from the Hour of five in the Morning till nine in the Evening; and from the twenty-ninth Day of September to the twenty-fifth Day of March yearly, during the Continuance of this Art, from the Hour of fix in the Morning till fix in the Evening.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said John Principal Cc%l Evans, and the Principal Coal Merer within the Limits aforesaid for the time being, and his and their Meter, &c n.b-Dcputies or Servants, acting under him or them in the Admeasurement of Coals, by virtue of or in pur- ic# to Court tf fnance of this present Act, shall be, and they, and every of them, are hereby declared to be subject to the Aldermen; Power, Jurisdiction, and Comptrol!, of the Court of the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the said City of L '.dm \ ^nd shall and may be dignified and suspended by the said Court, from the Execution and Emoluments of their said mpective Offices, upon Complaint and Proof of any Fraud, Default, Neglect, or other Mish-haviour in the Management or Execution thereof, which Complaints shall and may be heard and determined by the said Court in a summary Way -9 any Thing herein before contained to the contrary hereof in any ways notwithstanding.

III. Provided a vats, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Act bisDcerafe> J h:i Evans (Kill happen to die before the Expiration of the said Term of fourteen Years, the said Office Corporation to shall he managed by such Person as shall he nominated and appointed by the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and aPPumt* Commons, oft c City of London, in Common Council assembled.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting as Principal Lan 1 Coal Meter for the City of London, until he (lull, before two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City of London (who are hereby authorised and required to admindter the same) take an Oath in the Woids or to the Effect following; to wit,

Y A.B. do swear. That I will truly and faithfully, according to the best of my Judgement and Abi- His Oath,

1 lity, execute the Office of Principal Land Coal Meter for the City of Lvulvt, and for all the Wharfs € situate between the Tower of London and Limehouse LLle in the County of ATnLliefex.

So help me GodA

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it Hull and maybe lawful to and for Liboi rinp Mew the said John Evans, and such other Person or Persons that shall, from time to time, and rt all times ten to be ag-hercaster, dining the Continuance of this Art, be nominated and appointed to manage the said Office, panted; and he or they is and are hereby authorised to appoint a sufficient Number of Persons to be labouring

C<*al Meters within the said City of London, and at the several Wharfs liunte between the Tower of London and Limehouse Hole in the County nt Aluldiefex \ one of which said labouring Coal Meters shall att.nd every Day (Sundays excepted) at such of the Coal Wh.ufs, Warehouses, or other Places of Sale, within the said City of London, and at the Coal Wharfs, Warehouses, or other Places of Sale, situate b t.vcen the Tower of London and Limehouse Hole in the County of Mulllcjex, at which he shall be Rationed by the Person or Persons executing the Office of Principal Land Coal Meter, duting the Continuance of this Art, at such Times as is required by the Wharfinger or Dealer in Coals, where such Meter is Rationed to meafuie out the Coals, which shall, from time to time, be sold by Wharf Mca'ure, at any of the said Wharfs or Warehouses where such labouring Coal Meters shall be lb ilationed as aforesaid.

VI. And be it furthrr cnnrted by the Authority fore said, That no Person shall be capable of acting as one of the labouring Coal Meters, to be appointed as aforesaid, until he shall, before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the find City of Lm,rn (who are hereby authorised and required to admimlfcr the same) take an Oath in the Words or to the Effect following; to w it,

I A.B. do swear, That I will duly and faithfully, to the b. ft of my Skid rnd Knowledge, execute the Their Outh.

JL Office of one of the labouring Coal Meters for the City of Lrnden, and the several Wharfs fitiurc

between the Tower of London and Limehouse Ho 'e in the County of AliJUfx; and that I will truly and

impartially measure all Coals between Buyer and belli r, witluut FuVuiir or Hatred.

So help me God

And the said Justices respectively, who Audi administer the Oa hs by this Art direcKd to be taken, are O it» to bt herchy required to certify the taking thereof to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Pence to be livid rCi0;^L4R fur the find City of London after the taking of such Oaths respectively, there to remain on Record.

294

Coal Meters not to be tnrerefled in the Sale of Coals*

f 1. Penalty on labouring Coal Meters not attending on Nolice.

Stations of labouring Meters to be frequently varied.

Coals to be measured in Presence of a labouring Meter*

Coal Meters Fee.

Tickets to be delivered.

Penalties on altering Tickets, &c.

r carrying Coals without.

C. 23. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Principal Coal Meter, or any of the persons to be employed under him, shall, at any time or times hereafter, during his or their respective Continuance in their Office or Employment aforesaid,"be directly or indirectly interested or concerned in the Sale of any Coals whatsoever, otherwise than in their laid respective Offices; he or they respectively so offending; shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds; and being thereof convicted before the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen, shall be di!miffed from his or their said respective Office or Employment, and be for ever disabled from holding or executing the same or any other under this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if ary of the said labouring Coal Meters, having Notice in Writing given to him or th^m to attend at any Wharf within the Limits aforesaid to be named in such Notice, at any particular Hour of the next Day to be therein mentioned, in order to measure the Coals of the Person giving such Notice, shall refuse or neglect to attend and do his or their Duty accordingly; every such labouring Coal Meter (hull, for evety such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of three rounds; which Sum, if not paid within one Calendar Month ne xt after the Coa-viction of the offending Party, shall or may be recovered of or from the Lid Principal Coal Meter for the time being, in like Manner as might have been against the Party so convicted.

IX. And, in order to prevent Confederacy, be it enacted, That the Stations to be appointed to and for the labouring Coal Meters, at the said Wharfs, shall be frequently varied by the Principal Coal Meter, or the Person or Persons executing the Office of Principal Coal Meter, in such Manner as he or they shall think fit.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Coals which, from and after the said first Day of June, shall be sold as and for Wharf Measure, at any Place or Places within the Lid City of London, or at any of the several Wharfs, Warehouses, or other Places, situate between the Tower of London and Lmehouse Hole in the County of Middlesex, shall be measured in the Prelence of one of the said labouring Coal Meters, in such Manner as is directed irf and by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the sixteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals; and the said labouring Coal Meters shall and may, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and required, to fill up any Bufnel or Bushels of Coals, as shall appear to him or them to be deficient or wanting in Measure, out of the btock of Coals of the Person or Persons so vending or contracting for the Sale of the said Coals.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That four Pence by the Chaldron, for every Chaldron of Coals which, from and after the said first Day of June, shall be fold and delivered at any Wharf, Warehouse, or Place, within the said City of London, and the Liberties thereof, or between the Tower of London and Limehouse Hole in the County of Middlesex, shall be paid by the Person who keep3 the Wharf, Warehouse, or Place, where such Coals are carted from, or by the Seller or such Coals, to the Principal Land Coal Meter for the time being, or to the labouring Coal Meters, for the Purposes following; that is to say. Part of the said Sum for the Use of the said Principal Coal Meter, as a Recommence for his Labour and Trouble, and for defraying the Charges of his Clerks, Messengers, House Rent, Fire, Candles, and all other Expences incident to the Execution of the Office aforesaid, and the other Part for the Hire of the labouring Coal Meteis; and thereupon such Principal Land Coal Meter shall, and he is hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered, to every Seller of such Coals, or the Carmen who shall cart, lead, drive, or carry, the same, a Paper Writing or Ticket, signed by the said Principal Land Coal Meter, and countersigned by the said labouring Coal Meter attend, ng and delivering the same, in which shall be contained as well the Christian and Sirname of the respective Sellers, as of the Consumers of the said Coals, the Quantity, and Day of the Week, Month and Year of the Delivery and Admeasurement, the Amount of the Metage Charge, and the Names of the Carmen or Persons employed to cart, lead, drive, or carry, the same Coals; and also shall contain a Notice to the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Coals, that if he, she, or they, is or are dissatisfied with the Measure thereof, which

Dissatisfaction must be expressed to the Carman before any Part thereof are (hot or unladen from the said Cart; which said Ticket beinc: thus made compleat, and Metage paid, shall be delivered unaltered by the labouring Coal Meter countersigning the same, without Delay, to the Carman or Person employed to cart, carry, drive, or lead, the Coals described in such Ticket, to the Consumer therein named; which said Ticket unaltered, the Carman or Person therein named to be employed to cart, carry, lead, or drive, the Coals in such Ticket described, shall, and he is hereby required to deliver to the respective Consumers therein named, or to their Agent or Servant who shall attend to receive the Coals described in such Ticket, for the Use of such Consumer; and thereupon he, (he, and they, are hereby required to pay to the Seller named in such Ticket the Metage therein specified: And if the labouring Coal Meter, counter-signing such Ticket, shall, after Payment of the Metage Charge in pursuance of this Act, refuse to deliver such Ticket as herein before directed to the Carman or Person employed to cart, lead, drive, or carry, the Coals therein described; such labouring Coal Meter shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings: And if such Carman or Person employed to cart, carry, lead, or drive, the Coals described in such 'Picket, shall, after the same Ticket shall have been so delivered to him by the labouring Coal Meter counte signing the same, either alter, or neglect or refuse to deliver the same Ticket to the Consumer therein named, or to the Agent or Servant who shall attend to receive the Tolls described in

such Ticket; such Carman or Person employed to cart, lead, or drive, the Coals described in such

Ticket, shall likewise forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of ten Shillings.

XII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Cart or Carts loaded, or in which any Quantity of Coals, exceeding seventeen Bushels, shall be lent or driven from any Wharf, Warehouse, or

Place,

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 23. 295

Place, within the said City of London and the Liberties thereof, or from any Wharf, Warehouse, or Place* situate between the Tower of London and Limehouse Hole in the County of Middlesex^ without having first obtained such Ticket as aforesaid; that then, and in every such Case, the Vender of the said Coals, being convicted thereof by the Oaths (or being one of the People called Quakers* by Affirmation) of two

or more Witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty's Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City of London or County of Aliddltfex, and which he and they are hereby respectively authorised and required to administer and take, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds.

XIII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Wharfinger, or Dealer in Coals, Dimensions of shall, at any time or times hereafter, during the Continuance of this Adft, make use of one or more SackSacks# or Sack* for the carrying of Coals within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, or at any Wharf,

‘Warehouse, or Pl.uc, situate between the 'Power of London and Limehouse Hole in the County of Mid-

dnjex, ol Ids Dimentsions than four Feet in Length, and two Feet in Breadth, being convicted thereof

by the Oaths (or being one of the People called Quakers% by Affirmation) of two or more credible Wit-

iu lies, before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City of London or County of

AhdJltjexy and which he and they are hereby respectively authorised and required to administer and take,

shall, for every Oilence, forfeit at id pay the Sum ot live Pounds.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Wharfinger, or Dealer PenaIrr in Coals, shall directly or indirectly give, or cause to be given, to any labouring Coal Meter within the Wharfinger* City of London and the Liberties thereof, or at any Wharf, Warehouse, or Place, situate between the JCiCc\cr m^ Tower of London and Limehouse H:le in the County of Middlesex, at any time or times hereafter, during the Continuance of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever, over and besides the four Pence per Chaldron herein before enacted and allowed for the Charges of Metage, being convicted thereof by the Oaths (or being one of the People called Quakers^ by Affirmation) oi two or more credible Witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City of London or the County of Middlesex, and which he and they are hereby respectively authorised ai;J required to administer and take, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds.

X*V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any labouring Coal Meter shall, an^ on at any time or times hereafter, during the Continuance of this Act, use, or permit or suffer Sacks to be ^Vnt Sackit®^ made use of, for the measuring or carrying of Coals, of less Dimensions than four Feet in Length, and £*c used two Feet in Breadth, at any Place or Places within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, or at any Wharf, Warehouse, or Place, situate between the Tower of London and Limehouse Hole in the County of Middlesex, being convicted thereof by the Oaths (or being one of the People called Quaker^ determined by Affirmation) of two or more credible Witnesses before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City of London or County of Middlesex, and which he and they are hereby respectively authorised and required to administer and take, shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of lo;tv Shillings,

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any labouring Coal Meter, or 0!hrn*Iie n«t to be appointed and qualified pursuant to this Act, shall at any time or times hereafter, during the Con- performing thei* tinuance of this Act, deliver a false or counterfeit Ticket to any Dealer, Consumer, Carman, or other Dufy*

Person, uvffi Intent to prejudice or defraud any Person or Persons whatsoever, or (Tall take or receive from any Dealer in Coals any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee, Reward, or Graiuity whatsoever, over and besides the four Pence per Chaldron herein before enacted ami allowed to be taken for the Metage Charge; or if any such hhouring Coal Meter shall wilfully make, permit, or suffer to be made, false Measure, of Gu!c, at any Place or Places within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, or at any Wharf,

Warehouse, or Place, situate between the 'Power of London and Limehouse Hole in the County of Alid* c.sUxi being in any or either of th said Cases convicted thereof, by the Oaths (or being one of the People cahrd ^v. L - x, by Affirmati on) of two or more credible Witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty's Cilice* of the Peace for the City of London, or the County of And 'uejex, and which he and they are fcsrcbv respectively authorised and required to administer and take, shall, for every Offence in either of the Lid Cu e>, forfeit and pay the Sum of live Pound*, and be rendered incapable of ever serving the re-

k.in trie Office of a Coal Meter.

XV1L Provided always, and ir is hereby declared, That this Act fh.ill not extend to the Owners of E*rrrPnont ar.y Wmks for r ofing' Water determined by Fire, nor to the Owners of any Coals to be bought, fold, and delivered, with retpert ami fur Pool Mcaturc, but that they shall and may have one ChaMron of Coals or more, delivered w*t«.r*woik^ un ’er tin: ImpwCt'Oh of ins or their own Aernt (in the Absence of a Meter) and in that Case, such Per-

(ns are hjns'V refluctiwly exempted from Payment of any Metage Charge, by virtue of this Act; but i: b i’e/f‘it' f. all icquire the C ue or Attendance of any Meter to be appointed in pursuance of thi*

, a, .1 in such C he, trvy shall pav the Metage Charge of four Pence by the Chaldron hereby L., o.n.r C< m'u rers of Coj’Is are hereby obliged, or ought to do, in purlu.mce of this Act; any 7 f.: c ffir» m b ?< rv cmp.tined 10 >he contrary hereof no:wichft.iKin?.

XV'lil rvud be i: Part r rmstM by the Authority aforesaid, '1 ,ut if any such labouring Coal Meter PmuT* v Me*

£. 't fr m and aiffir the said tint D.*y of 'june, one thous.uH seven hundred and fixrv-leven, witting1* or ' 1} ,f-«

v u 1, v un.hr any Cds sold as and for Wharf Mcaiure (‘xcceding the Quantity of fcvtiueea Buf.iehs) (; l«,npu« to be ft ar.v W'narf or Watchotile within th said City of L nd 7. and the Liberties tlvrcof, or

firii, v V/narf or Warehouse fnuat between the Power of London and Lunch wie Hole in the County of .!//// j-x% without being measured in the Manner herein before directed, and shall not give Iniorma-

tion ukito* to the principal Land Coal Mc;cr, or his Deputies, at the said Office, within two Days next

altar

C. 23. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

after such Coals shall have been sent as aforesaid, and dial] be duly convicted thereof by the Oaths of two or more credible Witness'es; such labouring Coal Meter shall from thenceforth be for ever rendered incapable of acting as a labouring Coal Meter within the Limits comprised in this A cl, and forfeit and pav the Sum of five Pounds.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority a fore Paid, That if any Person (h-I! he dissatisfied with, or think him or herself aggrieved by or in the Measure cf any Coals sold to him or her determined by Wharf Measure within the Limits aforesaid, and shall, upon Delivery to him or her of the Meter's Ticket accompanying such Coals, signily his or her Dtfire to have toe fame remeasured; then, and in every such Case, the Carman or Driver of the Cart or other Carriage, in whDh the said Coals Hull be brought, shall continue at the House or Lodging of the Purchaser of the said Coals, with the said Coals and laid Cart until they are remeasured; and the said Purchaser shall immediately fend or cauit to be sent to the Vender of the said Coals, or to his or her Wharf, Notice in Writing, that the said CojIs ate going to be remeasured, and also fend Notice thereof to the Land Coal Meter’s Office; and thereupon toe fed principal Meter, or one of the labouring Meters (not being the Meter under whose Inspect on the said Coals were originally measured) shall, within the Space of two Hours next after such Notice in Writing left at the Land Coal Meter’s Office aforesaid, attend to remcasure the said Coals, and shall accordingly lemeaiure the same, Sack by Sack, in the Presence of the Vender and Purchaser of the said Coals, or tiuir Agents or Servants, if any of them shall attend and desire to see the same remeasured; for which Rc-ad-menfurement the Purchaser shall pay the principal Meter the Sum of six Pence for every Chaldron of Coals so remeasured: And in case the Coals thus remeasured shall not amount to the Quantity for which they were fold, then the Vender of such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every Bushel of Coals found deficient the Sum of five Pounds, and also forfeit every Chaldron of Coals so found deficient or wantingin Measure to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish where the said Coals shall be so remeasured; and the labouring Meter, under whose Inspection the Coals were first measured, shall, for every Bulhei so deficient, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings; which Sum, if not paid within five Days next

after his Conviction, shall and may be recovered from the Person executing the Office of Principal Meter for the time being; and the Coal Porters who shall measure the same for the Vender thereof, shall, for every Bushel of Coals so wanting, forfeit and pay the Sum of two Shillings and six Pence.

€»rmen to be

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any Hou^ when PCf ^art be ft°PPe<^ or detained for the Purpose or Pretence of re-admeasuring the Coals laden thereon, Aopped'to re- t^ie Owner of every such Cart shall be intitled to the Sum of two Shillings and six Pence per Hour, for meuiure Coals, every Hour the Cart shall be so detained, over and above the usual Cartage of such Coals; which two Shillings and six Pence per Hour shall be paid by the Vender of the said Coals, in case the same shall, upon such Re-admeasurement, be found deficient in Measure; or by the Purchaser of the said Coals, in case the same shall not be remeasured, or shall, upon such Re-admeasurement, be found to amount to the Quantity for which the same were fold.

Dealers offend-

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted tly the Authority aforesaid, That no Seller of, or Dealer

in* under this in, Coals, within the Limits aforesaid, shall, for any Offences under this Act, be subject or liable to any

Aa, notlub'e other Penalty, Forfeiture, or Disability, than what are herein before respectively inflicted or enacted, in Act Vcet’ft. or by the Act of the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act c. 26. * f0? the better Regulation cf ibe Coal Trade, or any other Law, Statute, or Custom, to the contrary not-

withstanding.

Recovery and

XXII. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid several Application of Forfeitures and Penalties imposed, and to be incurred, by virtue of or under this present Act, shall be recover-«na ues, c. ecj an(j app}jecj in t}lc Manner, and to and for the Purposes, following (that is to say); Such and so many of the said Forfeitures and Penalties as do and shall exceed the Sum of five Pounds, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Maj city’s Courts of Record at Westminster; the one Moiety of which said Forfeitures and Penalties (that is, where each of them exceeds five Pounds) shall be to and for the Use of our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof (with full Colls of Suit) to and for the Use of such Person or Persons who shall inform or lue for the same; and all other the aforesaid Forfeitures and Penalties shall be recovered by way of Complaint made unto any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the City of London, or for the said County of Middle* fexy who is and are hereby required to call the Parties before him or them, and to hear and examine such Complaint on Oath, or upon Affirmation (in case any Testimony in this respect shall be given by any of the People called £h(akeny and which Oath or Affirmation such Justices are hereby respectively required and impowered to administer and take) and upon due Proof thereof made to his or their Satisfaction, to grant a Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, for levying such Forfeitures and Penalties accordingly; the one Moiety thereof to and for the Use of the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish in which such Offences shall have been respectively committed; and in case such Forfeitures or Penalties shall not (after such Conviction or Convictions) be forthwith paid, that then the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Gaods and Chattles of the respective Offenders, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of such Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to such Offender or Offenders; and for want of sufficient Distress, such Offender or Offenders shall be committed to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding thirty Days, and not less than seven Days, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour.

F«rfoni aggritr-

XXIII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That if any Person so convicted «4 may appeal w aforesaid, shall think himself aggrieved, he may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to

5 be

290

Coils nm he

rcu.CiiUied.

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 24, 25, 2 297

be held for the City of London or County of Middlesex next after such Conviction, but not afterwards ;to the Quarter and that Sessions, when so appealed to, shall, at the then next Session s after bringing such Appeal, hear Sdrions* and finally determine the same; and if the Appellant in such Appeal shall not make good, support, and ftjcceed in such his Appeal, or prosecute the same with Effect, the said Court of Session shall then award such Costs as they shall think reasonable, to be then and there in open Court, with the Penalty adjudged on and by such Conviction, paid to the Prosecutor or Informer; and for want thereof, to commit the Person or Persons thus appealing to the Common Giol of and for the City of London or the County of Middlesex, and there to remain until he or they shall and do make actual Payment of such Costs and Penalty, to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be awarded, for the Purposes aforesaid; but in case the said Appellant shall make good, support, and succeed in such his Appeal, and be acquitted of his Conviction, the same Court shall, in that Case, award to such Appellant reasonable Costs, to be then and there in open Court paid to him or them, by the Person or Persons on whose Information or Prosecution such Conviction shall have been founded or made; and for Want of such Payment, the said Court of Sections shall-commit such Informers and Prosecutors respectively to the Common Gaol of the said City of London, or the County of Middlesex, there to remain until he or they shall and do actually pay to such Appellant the*

Costs so respectively awarded to them as aforesaid; but no Conviction to be pronounced or made by virtue* of or under this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only.

XXIV. And it is hereby enacted, That no Writ of Certiorari shall issue or be ifliiable to remove the No Certiorari Record of any Conviction, or Proceedings thereon to be taken, made, or pronounced, in pursuance or by*

the Authority of this Act, into any of his said Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Information, or*LJm‘rition>o£

Suit, shall be brought, filed, or prosecuted, against any Person or Persons, for any thing to be done in pursuance of this Act, the same shall be commenced or filed within two Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid in the City of London, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in or to such Actions, Suits, or Informations, may plead the General Issue, and give General life*, this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence on any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was

done in pursuance of this Act: And if the same shall appear so to have been done, or if any such Action,

Suit or information, shall be brought or filed after the Time for this Purpose herein before in this respect* limited, or shall be laid or brought in any other County or Place, then the Jury, in every such Case*

shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or differ a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pais against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the De-Full Costs* fendant or Defendants shall have Full Costs, and Inch Remedy for the Recovery of the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this present Act shall be deemed, PuUkk Acts. Judged, and taken to be, a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges,

Justices, and all other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XXVII. And it is hereby farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue Term oftL* and be in force for fourteen Years from and after the said first Day of June* one thousand seven hundred Aa#

and sixty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then nexi Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for raising the Sum of one Million five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and at Lottery attended with Annuities, to be charged on the Sinking Fund.

EXP.

CAP. XXV*.

An Act for redeeming one-fourth Part of the Joint Stock of Annuities established by an Act made in the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional:

Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom; and certain Duties upon ail Cyder and Perry; and forrai-sing the Sum of three Millions five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged* on the said Duties.

EXP.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for redeeming the Remainder of the Joint Stock of Annuities established by an Act made in the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, in respect of several Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills* and Ordnance Debentures.

EXP.

298 C. 27.

Anno septimo Georgii III.

Set t Geo. 2. e. »2. §4.

29 Geo. 2. c. 74.

Preamble rrciting Act 26 Geo. 2. c.^6,

Tltf Royalty of Tthe City of Edinburgh ex-denied*

A.D. 1767.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for extending the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh over rertrhi adjoining Lands; and for giving Powers to the Magistrates of Edinburgh for the Bn.-Mt of the said City; and to enable his Majesty to grant Letters Patent for cilablishing a '1 hcarre in the City of Edinburgh, or Suburbs thereof.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Rc’211 of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for netting fevered f ubiick Bui am in the City of Edinburgh, mid to impower the Trustees therein mentioned to purcheife Land* Jor that Pu. gr/t; and also for widening and enlarging the Streets cj the said City, and certain Avenues leading thereunto; it 15 enabled, That certain Persons therein named as Trustees, o: any seven of them, shall have full Power and Authority to agree with the Owners and Occupiers of Rich Houses as lie on the North Side of the High Street of the said City; and having purchased the same, to order the said Houses to be pulled down, and the Ground or Area to be employed in such Manner as the said Trustees shall appoint, for rendering Access to the said City and High Street thereof more easy and commodious: And whereas the said Trustees, in Execution of the Powers vested in them by the said Act, did erect an Exchange near the Centre of the City 5 4 and did afterwards pay over the Balance of the Monies then remaining in their Hands, which amounted to three thousand Pounds Sterling, or thereabouts, to the Magistrates and Council, to be applied for rendering Access to the City more easy and commodious: And whereas the extending the Limits of the City of Edinburgh has been found necessary, as well for the Benefit of Trade and Commerce, as for the Conveniency and Health of the Inhabitants, who are of late greatly increased: And whereas the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the said City, as well in farther Execution of the before-recited Act, as in View to the Extension aforesaid, have expended large Sums of Money in purchasing Houses and Areas on the North Side of the High Street of the said City, and in building a Bridge, whereby an easy and proper Communication will be opened to the City: And whereas the Grounds after mentioned are without the Royalty of the said City; and it being just and reasonable that the Royalty of the said City should be extended over those Grounds, irr Consideration of the great Expence the City has been and will be put to in building the said Bridge, and making the Communication and Access to the City other— 4 wife easy; and for the equal apportioning of publick Burdens and Benefits, and Administration of Justice amongst all the real Inhabitants of the PlUce: But as this salutary Purpose cannot be accomplished with— 4 out the Authority of Parliament, and as the Proprietors of the several Parcels of Ground after-mention- ed, have either consented, or are bound by their Titles to consent, that their respective Lands shall be included within the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh; your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lord Provost, Magistrates and Council of the City of Edinburgh, on Behalf of themselves and Com- muniiy of the said City, do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted afld be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh shall be extended over, and comprehend the following Lands, which now belong in Property to, the said City, videlicet, Thirty-four Acres, one Rood* twelve Tails, and twenty-six Ells, being Part of the Lands and Barony of Broughton: Also thirty- two Acres of the Lands called Barefoot-Parks: Also fix Acres, ten Falls, and twelve Ells of Lands of Moul-treeshill: Also two Acres, two Roods, thirteen Falls, and twenty-four Ells, and one Rood, thirty-five Falls, and twelve Ells, likewise Parts of tfye said Barony of Broughton, and lately purchased from James Hogg and Katharine Thomson; And also the Lands called Forglen and Allen's Parks, the Lands of Caltonhill* the Lands of Greenfde, and the Lands of Piccardy (excepting such Parts of the Lands of Caltonhill which, lie within the Barony of Wester Reflcdridge^ and do not belong in Property to the City of Edinburgh): And also these other Lands which have been feued by the Governors of George Herriot’s Hospital, to the several Persons after-mentioned, under an express Condition and Covenant, that in case the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh should at any Time thereafter be extended, so as to comprehend their Grounds, they,1 their Heirs and Assigns, or the Proprietors of the said Grounds for the Time, should not only be subjected to build such Houses as they shall build thereon, agreeably to the Plan to be concerted by the Town Council of Edinburgh, and other Managers for the Time; but likewise the said Houses to be built thereon shall be subject and liable to pay the tame publick Burdens as the other Inhabitants of the City are subject and liable to pay; videlicet, Four Acres, feued to blew Craufurd; five Acres, twenty-four Falls, and twenty-one Ells, to James Grant; twelve Acres, or.c Rood, and thirty-nine Falls, to James Stuart 5 one Acre, two Roods, and nineteen Falls, to Andrew Chalmc:; two Acres and one Rood John Jar dine \ nine Acres, one Rood, thirty-three Falls, and thirty-four' Ells, to James Finlay; two Acres, one Rood, thirty-nine Falls and Half a Fall, to Robert Raeburn \ eleven Acres and sixteen Falls to Charles Erskine; nineteen Acres, two Roods, four Falls, and thirty-one Elis, to Alexander Cunninghame\ five Acres, one Rood, thirty-two Falls, and fifteen Ells, to Robert Anderson\ one Acre, one Rood, and sixteen Falls, to Thomas Simpson; one Rood to Thomas Spence; five Acres, one Rood, twenty-six Falls, and five Ells, to Andrtiv Chaimer; twenty-six Falls to William Lauder \ thirteen Acres, three Roods, and fifteen Falls, to William Mure; on^ Acre, twenty-six Falls, and Half a Fail, to kobert Mylne; three Acres, two Roods, and thirty-leven Fall?* to Robert And erf on; one Rood, twelve Falls, and Half a Fall, to Daniel Scion; twenty-three Falls to P? -

A.D. 1767, Anno septimo Georgii III. c. C7. 299

trick Fairley, two Acres, one Rood, thirty-six Falls, and ten EMs, to Alexander Hunter; and two Acres, three Roods, twenty-four Falls, and thirty-two Ells, feued to LaucLLvi lluiter: And like wife the following two Parcels of Land, which, by Conl’ent of the Proprietors, are to be included within the said Royal-1 tv; videlicet, Eleven Acres, and Half an Acre, of the Lands of Broughton, belonging to the Heirs of George Drummond Esquire, deceased; and seven Acres, three Roods, and twenty Falls, Part of the Lands of Broughton Parks, belonging to the Governors of George Her riot's Hospital: And that the said Magistrates and Town Council, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of */«//*, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, shall have and enjoy the same Rights, Privileges, and Jurisdictions, over the said Grounds hereby annexed to and comprehended in the said Royalty, as they <:o now enjey and exercise over and within the Limits of the present Royalty, determined by any Lav/, Statute, or established Custom; and shall, and they are hereby impowered to levy the lame Maills, Duties, Customs, and other Taxations, within these annexed Grounds, in the same Maimer, and by such Actions at Law, as the said Magistrates and Town Council are intitled to life, by any Law, Statute, or otherwise, within the present Royalty, for Recovery of such Maills, Duties, Customs, and Taxations, as aforesaid.

11. And whereas several Parcels of the Lands feued out as aforesaidd by the Governors of George Herriot's Certain LarHs

f Burdens and Taxations, so long as they shall continue to be ukd and occupied in the Manner and for Cit) Taxation!# the Purposes originally granted be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall be understood to subject to the said City Burdens and Taxations any Country-house or Offices, built or to be built on such Parcels of Land as aforesaid, in any case where the Owner of such Country-house is possessed in Property of at lealt three Acres of Ground adjoining to such Country-house and Offices, including the Areas of the same, and on which there shall be no other Buildings, except the Country-house and Offices aforesaid.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That the five northmofl: Acres of the afore- Five Acre*, of'

Ibid.seven Acres, three Roods, and twenty Falls, Part of the Lands of Broughton, belonging to the Cover- "hich John. jiors of George Her riot's Hospital, of which five Acres, John Dickson of Kilbucbo Esquire is to obtain a p

Feu*Right by virtue of Articles of Agreement entered into betwixt him and the Magistrates and Town ano|ut-e. Council of Edinburgh, shall not be comprehended within the Royalty of the said City of Edinburgh, un- be comprehend-less the said John Dickson or his Heirs do, by a written Consent under his or their Hands, signify his or ed in the Rov-their Will ingness to have the said five Acres comprehended within the Royalty of the said City; and that altf without his the said Consent be recorded in the particular Register of Sealiness for the Shire of Edinburgh, within twelve Confeftt# Calendar Months after the twenty-fourth Day of Jnne, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven; any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby fipecially provided and declared, That nothing in this Act shall Rights of the prejudice the Rights, Privileges, and Immunities, competent to the College of Justice; but that whatever College of Juf-Kights, Privileges, and Immunities, belong to them within the present City, shall likewise be understood tlce

-CO belong to them within the Bounds over which the Royalty by this Act\ is extended.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing herein contained shall extend to that Part Royalty not of the Lands of Caltonhill, lying within the Barony of H esler Retialridge, which do not belong to the said extended to the City of Edinburgh; or to the Rights, Liberties, and Immunitie s, presently enjoyed by the Alan igers and "h intl'/Ba- Trustees of the Cambrick Manufactures in the Lands of Piecardy before mentioned; all which Rights, Li- r0ny of Wester berties, and Immunities, are hereby cxprcfily saved and ftlcrved to the said Managers and Trustees; any RcrtaliiJgc, Set, T hing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful for the Sheriff of Mid-Sheriff of the County of AUd-Lctbimi, and he is hereby impowered and required, upon Application of the Lolh,/in to au Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the said City of Edinburgh, to ascertain and set off the exact Eoun^ric^ Limits and Boundaries of the aforesaid Grounds above described, agreeable to the Charters and Infeftments granted to the Proprietors of the said Grounds, and that in a summury Manner.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby emitted and declared, That it may and shall be lawful for any Persons spgriev-Person who apprehends himself aggrieved by the Determin \tion of the said Sheriff of the County of Mid- may arre*l to Lothian, to apply for Redress to the Lords of Council and Session, either by Advocation, Sufpcnsion,

or ordinary Action, within twelve Calendar Months after hi- Determination; and failing of any Inch /\p- an

plication for Relief within the Time aforesaid, then the Order and Determination of the said Sheriff is and shall be final.

VIII. Provider! always, and it is hereby declared, That it shall be competent for the Sheriff of the Sheriff and Juf-'County

Juri com

to tns contrary notv/ithllanding. annexed.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That all Sea fine*. Renunciations an J &c. to

RtverfWs of Land?, and other Subjects, lying within the I imits hereby ar.nexed to and comprehended bcrejiiUrci.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, Imt it shall be competent for the Sheriff of the Sheriff and j antv of Mid-Loti dan, and the Justices of the Peace for the find County, to exercise the same Powers and tltei of Mtd-iluicEons within the fai l Lands hereby annexed to and comprehended within the said Royalty, n3 are ipetent to the said Sheriff and Justices of the Peace within the present Royalty; any Thing in this Act oxer the Lan

exer-

ion Lands

in the Lid Royalty, shall be rcghlered in the particular Kcgifler of Scalincs, Renunciations, and Rever-fions, kept at Edinburgh, for the Sheriffdoms of Edinburgh, Linlithgow, Haddington, and Bathgate, as they ^resentiy are in uiejto be registered there; any Thing to the contrary in this> Att notwithstanding.

X. Aral be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the find Magistrates and Town Conn- Stent Makers co ell of the City of Edinburgh shall have full Power to appoint Stent Mailers to levy from the Proprietors lcxx lhcCtf#»

Qai 3 and *c*

300 C. 27. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

and Possessors of all such Houses as are built, or shall hereafter be built, upon the foresaid Grounds hereby annexed to, and comprehended within the said Royalty, an equal Portion of the Cess-Annuity, Poor’s-Money, and Watch-Money payable by the City of Edinburgh, in the same Way and Manner as the same are now levied within the present Royalty.

Heritors of Mid-

XI. Provided always, That the Heritors of the said County of Mid-Lothian, and all other Person and Lothian to enjoy persons whatsoever, shall have and enjoy all such Rights and Privileges for transporting their Goods and through6thef Commodities through the whole Grounds hereby annexed, as they now have and enjoy through the Limits Grounds annex- of the present City of Edinburgh: And that no City Duties or Imports for Importation, or otherwise, shall ai through be claimed or extracted upon Wines, or other Liquors, Timber, or any other Merchandize whatsoever, the City of for passing through any of the said Grounds hereby annexed, unless the same shall be unpacked or con-Edinburgh. fumed within the said City and annexed Grounds.

Lands annexed

XII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the several Lands hereby anexed to the Royalty of liable to the the City of Edinburgh shall, besides the Cess to be levied by the Collector of the Town for and in cefpeft Taxes. PUWlCk°^ Houses an^ Buildings, remain liable, and be subjected to the Payment of a Rateable Proportion of the Cess and Land Tax, and other publick Taxes imposed, or to be imposed, on the Shire of Edinburgh, for and in respect of the Ground, to be levied in the same Manner as formerly 5 any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

All Persons may

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful to all and 9t\iUCtVmh% f every Person ar|d Persons to exercise any Trade or Calling within the Limits of the Lands hereby annexed Lao^annexed. (0* anc^ comprehended within, the said Royalty; any Thing in this present Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Saving always, and reserving to the several Societies and Incorporations within the City of Edinburgh, all such Rights and Privileges which do now belong and are enjoyed by them within the Limits of the present Royalty of the said City.

Saving to the XIV, Provided always, and it is hereby expressly declared, That nothing herein contained shall extend Tenants holding to, or prejudice, the Rights of Tenants holding under Tacks from the City of Edinburgh any of the Lands under Tacks hereby annexed to, and comprehended within, the said Royalty, and belonging in Property to the Com-of°Ed!l?£ munity of the said City.

Grounds annex-

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the aforesaid Grounds hereby annexed to, and compre-ed to the Royal- bended within, the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh, shall be, and they are hereby, for ever after, dif-ty of the City, joined from the Parish of Saint Cuthbert’s or Westkirk, and South Leith, and are hereby annexed to the ParUh of SthC Saint Giles within the City of Edinburgh.

Lands disjoined

XVI. Provided always, That the Lands hereby disjoined from the Parishes of Saint Cuthbert's and South from the Parishes Leith, and the Heritors thereof, shall remain liable and be subjected to the Ministers Stipends, and other of St. Cuthbert’i parochial Burdens; and that the Tythes payable out of the Lands hereby annexed shall be, and the same ZXo Mini-are hereby, saved and reserved to the true Owners thereof, in the same Manner as if this Act had never fieri Stipends, passed.

Ac.

Patronage of

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Right of Patronage of Churches built such Churches as shall be built and endowed by the Community of the City of Edinburgh upon any of the Lands"6* belong Grounds hereby annexed to, and comprehended within, the said Royalty, shall, and is hereby do-to the City of 8 dared to belong to the said City of Edinburgh, in the same Manner as the said City holds the Patronages Edinburgh. of the Churches within the ancient Royalty.

Saving to hit XVIII. Saving also, and reserving to his Majesty, and all other Person or Persons concerned, all Rights Majesty and and Interests (other than the present Extension of the said Royalty) which they had, have, or may have, others. In Lancjs hereby annexed.

A Theatre to be c

XIX. And whereas a licensed Playhouse is much wanted in that Part of the United Kingdom called

eflabiiford at Scotland,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act of Parliament which

Edinburgh. passed in the tenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend so xo r#.a. c. as. t much of an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne,^ intituled, An Act for re*

ducing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, into one Act of Parliament; and for the more effectual punishing such Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, and fending them whither they ought to befent\ as relates to common Players of Interludes whereby all Persons are discharged to represent any Entertainme nt of the Stage whatever, in virtue of Letters Patent from his Majesty, or by Licence of the Lord Chamberlain of his Majesty's Houshold for the time being, except within the Liberties of Westminster, or where his Majesty is residing for the time being, be, and the same is hereby repealed, so far as the same respects the City of Edinburgh: And that it shall and may

be lawful to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to grant Letters Patent for establishing a Theatre or

Playhouse in the City of Edinburgh, or Suburbs thereof, which shall be intitled to all the Privileges, and subjected to all the Regulations, to which any Theatre or Playhouse in Great Britain is intitled and subjected

Publick Act.

XX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this Act is a Publick Act; and shall be deemed and taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, in all Courts and Places, without specially pleading the same.

CAP.

A.D. 1767.

C. 28. 301

Anno septimo Georgii III.

Cap. xxviii.

fAn Act for granting to his Majesty additional Dudes upon certain Linen Cloth imported; and See 3* Oco. *, for carrying such Dudes, together with the additional Duties granted in this Session of Par-'^ f is, liament upon the Importation of Bast or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horl'e-hair Hats and Bon-7 3 nets, and certain Materials for making the same, to the Sinking Fund.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in this Session of Parliament* the Sum of one million five hundred

thousand Pounds is authorised to be raised for the Publick Service, by Annuities after the Rate

of three Pounds per Centum, and a Lottery to be attended with Annuities after the like Rate; and all such Annuities are, by the said Act, charged upon the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund:9 We

your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards making good the Payment of the said Annuities so charged on the said Fund, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in The following this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of fame, That from and after the twenty-fifth UC*

Dav of May, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected^and JJne^cioth i<n-paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several additional Rates and Duties following; that pnr.ed, to take ii to say, place on 2

May, 17(7.

For every Ell of Linen Cloth or Sheeting above one Yard English in Width (except Flanders Holland The Duties. Cloth) which shall be imported into Great Britain, three Pence.

For every Ell of Linen Cloth called Drilling, which shall be imported into Great Britain, three Pence.

And after those Rates for any greater or less Quantity of such Goods respectively, oyer and above all other Duties imposed thereon by any former Act of Parliament.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That nothing herein before contained shall ex- Certain Specie* tend, or be construea to extend, to any Linen Cloth the Produce and Manufacture of the East Indies; nor

to any Damask or Diaper Tabling, Napkening, or Towelling; nor to any Cambricks or Lawns; nor to C

any Dutch Barras or Hejfcns Canvas, which may be imported into this Kingdom.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties granted by this Act Duties to be pnid shall be paid down in ready Money, without any Discount or Allowance; and shall be raised, levied, col- ln readx leded, and paid, in the same Manner and Form, and by such Rules, Ways, and Means, and under such ^"7be raised Penalties and Forfeitures, as are prescribed or app ointed for raising, levying, collcding, and paying the and paid a* the former Duties upon the like Goods, imported into this Kingdom, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now former Duties, in Force, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties,

and Forfeitures, respectively relating thereto, were particularly repeated, and again enacted, in the Body of this present Act.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases These Duties to where any Goods or Merchandizes that have paid the Duties hereby granted (nail, at any Time or Times, "paid upo:n be again exported by any Merchant or Merchants, within three Years from the Importation thereof; the c^ods as ihai/ Duty by this Act granted, and which shall have been actually paid, for such Goods or Merchandizes, shall, be caponed without any Delay or Reward, be repaid unto such Merchant or Merchants who shall export the same; within 3 Year*, under the same Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are prescribed and di-

reded by any Act of Parliament with respect to any former Drawback upon such Goods.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Money arising by the several Rates Duties to be paid and Duties herein before granted (except the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, recovering, and pay- imo lhc E*chc’ fng, the same) shall, from Time to Time, be respectively paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exche- JjJe^>*bp*rrt rom quer, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Revenue; and shall be carried to, and Branchescfrht made Part of, the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, towards making good the Payment of the p»«u)icit Reve-Annuities in respect of the said one million five hundred thousand Pounds, charged upon the said Fund by n,e > *n,i to the said Act made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, ‘An Act for raising the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities, and a Lottery attended with Annuities, to be charged |>"y'l

cm the Sinking Fund- mem of the Ao-

nuitic* charged thereon by 7 Cce 3 c. 24.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies which shall, from Time to Time, arise and remain in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, of the Duties granted by an Act made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty, additional Duties upon Bast or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horse-hair Hats and Bonnets, and upon certain Materials for making the same, imported into this Kingdom,’ shall be also carried to, and made Part of, the said Fund, Cowards making good the Payment of the said Annuities.

7 Geo. 3. e, *0. Repealed by 10 Cf9. 3. c. 43. fvttib fee.

CAP.

The Duties -ranted th-J Session, upon Straw and Chiu flats, to be canicd to the saul Fund, to* jrds making gw.d the Pay. ir.ent of the said Annuities.

30* C. 29,30, 31.

Anno septimo Georgii III#

A.D. 1767.

Preamble reclt-inu Clause in Act 29 Elir,

* 4«

Cifcs wherein Sheriffs, &c. are «lcc ired not in-titlcJ to Poundage, bji'virtue of the recited Ail#

Jce cap/47.

[Preamble,

See S 6\j. 3. c. 2. 10 C7c5. 3. c. z,

K.ce allowed to be imported Duty-free from North America, at any Time between May and 1 Dee. 17675 and S.v.'o Ponder, and Veirni-crlli, at any Time before 1 Dee. 1781#

Time enlarged to 25 Dec. 17( 9, \y q Geo. 3.

C. 12.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for explaining an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Eli* zabeth, to prevent Extortion in Sheriffs, Under-Sheriffs, and Bailiffs of Franchises or Liberties, in Cases of Execution.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled,

An Act to prevent Extortion in Sheriffs, Under-Sheriffs, and Bailiffs of Franchises or Liberties, in Cases of Execution, it is, amonest other Things, enabled. That it shall not be lawful to or for any Shfr- riff, Under-Sheriff, Bailiff of Franchises or Liberties, nor for any of their Officers, Ministers, Servants, Bailiffs, or Deputies, nor for any of them, by reason or colour of their or either of their Office or Offices.

to have, receive, or take, of any Person or Persons whatsoever, directly or indirectly, for the serving and executing of any Extent or Execution upon the Body, Lands, Goods, or Chattels, of any Person or Per--4 fons whatsoever, more or other Consideration or Recompence than in this present Act is and shall be limited and appointed, which shall be lawful to be had, received, and taken; that is to say, Twelve- pence of and for every twenty Shillings, where the Sum exceedeth not one hundred Pounds; and six Pence of and for every twenty Shillings, being over and above the said Sum of one hundred Pounds, that he or they shall so levy or extend, and deliver in Execution, or take the Body in Execution for, by vir- tu^nd by force of any such Extent or Execution whatsoever: And whereas, as the Law now starnls* 4 Sheriffs are, by virtue of the said recited Act, intitled to the Poundage therein mentioned, for taking th^ 4 Body of any Person in Execution, upon Judgements obtained upon Bail Bonds, entered into for thd Appearance of Persons prosecuted for Offences against the Laws relating to his Majesty's Revenues of Customs or Excise, such Bail Bonds being prosecuted in the Name and at the Suit of the Sheriffs towboat- such Bail Bonds are given, though the Sheriffs prosecuting such Bonds are merely Trustees in the Suits^ 4 for the Benefit of the Crown, and the Sheriffs executing such Process would not in those Cases be intitled to any Poundage, if the Proceedings were carried on in the Name of the Crown; by means whereof the Intent of the Laws relating to the Revenues of the Customs and Excise will in such Cases be sofar defeated To remedy which Inconvenience for the future, May it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to allow any Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or other Person whatsoever employed in the Execution of Process, any Poundage, for taking the Body of any Person in Execution upon any Process at the Suit of any Sheriff, or other Officer or Minister of the Crown, upon any Bail Bond entered into for the Appearance of any Person prosecuted, either for any Duties due or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or for any-Penalty infiifted by any Act of Parliament made or to be made for the preventing the clandestine Running or Receiving any customable or prohibited Goods; or in any Case whatsoever where the Sheriff or Officer executing such Process would not be intitled to Poundage, if the Proceedings were or had been carried on* directly in the Name of the Crown any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for allowing the free Importation of Rice, Sago Powder, and Vermicelli, into this Kingdom, from his Majesty's Colonies in North America, for a limited Time.

WHEREAS the allowing the free Importation of Rice, Sago Powder, and Vermicelli, from his Majesty's Colonies in North America into Great Britain, for a limited Time, may be of great 4 Ad’ an^ge :* May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fourth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import into Great Britain, from any of his Majesty's Colonies in North America, at any Time or Times before the first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, any Rice; and at any Time or limes before the first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, any Si^go Powder and Vermicelli; without the Payment of any Subsidy, Custom, Duty, or Impon-fition whatsoever; any Thing in any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wist notwithstanding, .

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for* Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Boroi'gh Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been 7 stamprd,

A. 0.1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 32. 303

stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; Fur.hcrTirre and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution EJ,trn Dy of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors. See 6 Geo. 3. c. 7. 3,

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for applying the Money granted, in this Session of Parliament, for carrying qn an additional Building for a more commodious Passage to the House of Commons, from Saint Margaret's Lane and Old Palace Yard\

WHEREAS the Sum of two thousand Pounds has been granted to his Majesty, in this Scflbn Preamble, of Parliament, towards carrying on an additional Building for a more commodious Passage to the Houic of Commons, from Saint Margaret's Lane and Old Palace Yard: And whereas an Act pr flld 19 Geo. u 4 in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, A.i Ad 4 enable the Commissioners for building a Bridge croj's the River Thames, from the City of Weil milliter to the 4 cf’Pfite Shore in the County of Surrey, to purebaje House s and Grounds, and to widen the I Pays, and to make tucre safe and commodious the Streets, Avenues, and Pafages, leading from Charing Cross to the two Houses of Parliament, Westminster Hall, and the Courts offujlice there, rfW Westminster Bridge; and to enable 4 a Itfs Number of Commis oners to execute the several Acts relating to the said Bridge, than at present are re-y quirtd by Law; and for Relief of George and James King, with regard to a Lease taken by their late Father from the said Commissioners: And whereas the Ways and Passages to the House of Commons might be rendered more open, safe, and commodious, in case the said Commissioners were enabled to purchal!*,

pull down, and remove, certain Houses and Buildings, and to carry on an additional Building from Saint Margaret's Lane and Old Palace Yard:9 May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice, and Confenc of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, and they have Three or rr.ore hereby full Power and Authority to agree with any Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers for the Commissioneri Purchase of any Freeholds, Buildings, Tenements, or Estates whatsoever, for carrying on an additional Westminster Building for a more commodious Passage to the House of Commons, from Saint Margaret's Lane and Old aVrr^for Palace Yard; and for that Purpose shall be vested with the same Powers and Authorities for the Purpose the Pmch/'c or* of obtaining, purchasing, pulling down, or removing, any Building or Building?, felling the old Mate-any Freehold:, rials, carrying on the said new intended Building, and doing all Matters and Things thereunto belonging, &c. necessary for in as full and ample Manner, and to all Intents and Purposes, as they the said Commissioners were the *!urPofc of inverted with by the said before-recited Act, with respect to the Matters therein contained, or any other aS7ii!onilBu.?J-Act or Acts of Parliament; and in the same Manner as if the same Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Direcr ing for a more Cions, and Authorities, were herein particularly repeated and re-enacted. commodiourtuf-

fnge to the House of Commons.

II. And be it further enacted, That out of all or any the Aids and Supplies granted to his Majesty for a Sum not«-the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, there shall be illucd and applied any c«ding aooooi. Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two thousand Pounds; to be applied towards the said Purchase or 10 bc ,lljcd-nd Purchases, and of carrying on the said new intended Buildings and Alterations, in such Manner and at the Aids^anted such Times as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, from time to time, order ;n this Scntn, Sind direct. towaidsiheUid

Purchase and Building.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Costs and Charges as shall be Charges of thi§ incurred in obtaining this Act, and carrying the same into Execution, shall be, in the first place, paid out Ac}

Of the Monies hereby granted.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, and each and Commissionert every other Person and Persons authorised by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to do *"d any Act in Execution of any of the Powers intended to be hereby inverted in the said Commissioners, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do in purfu.mce of this Act: And that if any Action they shall be brought, or Suit commenced, against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of Join pursuanct] this Act, or in relation to the Premises herein before-mentioned; every such Action or Suit shall be laid of this Act. 4 or brought within six Calendar Months after the Fast committed; and such Action shall be laid in the ^,,0tj'ls, cn. County of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Suit, shall "lors*

*nd may be at Liberty to plead the General Blue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, General luue, without specially pleading the same.

CAP.

3°4 C. 33, 34, 35.

Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to inforce, in that Part of Great Britain called the Execution of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties upon

Windows, and Lights \ and for granting to his other Duties upon,

and Lights; and for explaining the said Act.

nd *6 Geo. 2

c. 17.

The Poweri and Directions, &c, in the recited Act of 26 Geo. 2. where not altered by the recited Act of the last Section, to be carried into Ere* cution in Scotland, with respect to the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights there, granted by the said Act of 6 Geo. 3. from 10 Oct. 1766. All Proceedings

PreambV, reciting Aftd Geo. 3.

C. 38.

And whereas the Rates and Duties thereby granted were directed to be raised and levied in such Manner % as the Duties hereby repealed were directed to be raised and levied by the several Acts therein mentioned, except with respect to such Particulars wherein the said Act of the last Session of Parliament had altered the same: And whereas Difficulties have arisen with respect to the raising the said Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by reason that an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual levying of the Duties upon Windows or Lights, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland* is not mentioned or referred to in the said Act made in the last Session of Parliament j* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses*. Matters, and Things contained in the said Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of his said late Majesty Reign, for the more effectual levying, collecting, and paying the Duties therein mentioned, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland (except such as are varied by the said Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, or by this Act) shall be in full force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution* throughout that rart of Great Britain called Scotland, for raising, levying, collecting, and paying, from the tenth Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, the several Duties upon Houses* Windows, and Lights, by the said Act made in the last Session of Parliament, granted* as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same, or the like Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of the said Act made in the last Session of Parliament; and that all Acts and Proceedings

iif any have been) for raising and levying the said Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights, in that *art of Great Britain called Scotland, granted by the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, agreeably to the Provisions made in the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, shall be valid and effectual 3 and all Persons concerned therein shall be, and are hereby indemnified in respect thereof.

already bad for raising the said Duties, declared valid;

II. And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether Commissions and Warrants given and granted unto- the several Officers employed in the Survey and Inspection of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Win- dows, and Lights, by the said former Acts imposed, are or shall be deemed good, valid, and effectual*. 4 in respect of the Rates and Duties granted by the said Act made in the last Session of Parliament be it ts »1 fb all Com-therefore declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Commissions and Warrants already granted given and granted to such Officers shall be, and be deemed, valid and effectual with regard to the Rates aAd infJcOor^of anc* Duties granted by the said Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to all Intents and Purposes tue laid Duties, whatsoever, as if the said Commissions and Warrants had been or were granted and made out to every such Officer respectively subsequent to the passing, and ir* pursuance of the said Act made in the last Session of Parliament,

CAP. XXXIV.

RefeTtoT Geo. for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief" of T

t:«e:5:i££ Protestant Purchasers.

EXP.

t. c. 3 9 Geo. 2. c. 26 10 Geo. a. c. 41 11 Geo. 2. c. >1. 12 Geo. 2. c. 14. 16 Geo. 2. c. 32. 19 Geo. %, c. 16. 26 Geo. 2. c. 14, i& Geo. a* c. bo*

3.1 Geo. a. c. 32. 33 Geo. a. c. 13, a Geo. 3. c, a6. 4 Geo. 3. c. 38. Further Time given by this Act till 1 Jan. 1768.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the clandestine Running ofi uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of lnfe&ion thereby; to the granting Liberty, to carry Rice from his Majesty's Provinces of Carolina and Georgia in directly to-

any Part of Europe Southward of Cape, in Ships built and navigated according to-

Law-, and to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad, and first composed, written, and primed, in Great Britain.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the several Laws herein after-mentioned are near expiring: May it therefore please ‘ your Majesty, that it may be enacted,’ and be it enacted by the King’s, most Excellent Majesty,

6

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 35. 305

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefeqt Parliament a trembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Clauses in an Act made in the Clauses in Act ,

fifth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act against clandestine Run- 5Gf°

ning of uncustomed Goods; and for the" more effectual preventing of Frauds relating to the Customs / tfneR^unn^f relating to such Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, as shall be taken in at Sea out of any Ship Good* *&c° or VtfleJ, in order to be landed or put into any other Ship or Vessel, or Boat; and also relating to Goods not reported, and found after clearing Ships; and whereby further Remedies are provided against relanding Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, and Foreign Goods shipped out fur Parts beyond the Seas; and also relating to the opening or altering the Package of Goods on board Ships outward bound; and also relating to hovering Ships or Vessels of the Burthen of fifty Tons, or under; and also concerning the Bales or Package in which Coffee shall be exported; and also relating to Rum imported in Casks or Vessels not containing twenty Gallons at the lead; and also relating to Certificate Goods entered in order to be exported to Ireland; which were to have Continuance for the Term of three Years^ from the several Times of the Commencement thereof, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament respectively; and which ’by several subsequent Acts passed in the ninth Year of and which were his fakl Majesty's Reign, and in the second, eighth, fifteenth, and sixteenth, twentieth, twenty-seventh, confined by and thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, were further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and quest s# sixty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same further coniinu-is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, to the twenty-ninth Day of September, one ed to 29ScPl‘ thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Section of ,77+* Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the eighth Year of the Art % Geo. 1. Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent the clandest ine Running of

Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; and to prevent Ships breaking their Quarantine; and to gunning cf subject Copper Ore, of the Production of the British Plantations, to such Regulations as other enu-Goods, and the merated Commodities of the like Production are subject / which was to be in Force for two Years, from D^eeroflnfec-the twenty-fifthj)ay of March, one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, and from thence to the tion thereby, &< End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts (except the Clatifes which was con-obliging all Ships and Vessels to perform Quarantine) was to have further Continuance to che first Day tiiu?d by fe^rnl of June, one thousand seven hundred and forty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next subse<lu*nt Act* Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, was intended to be further continued to the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, but, by Mistake, the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-seven was inserted therein, instead of the said Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four; and which, by several subsequent Acts made in the twenty-first, twenty-seventh, and thirty-third Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, further contina* to the said twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and from ed to 2* Sept* thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. ,774<

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the third Year of the Aa 3 Geer.

Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty's Pro- ? *?-£lL*rlnt" 4 vince of Carolina in America, directly to any Part of Europe Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Ships built Rice^m 4 in and belonging to Great Britain, and navigated according to Law/ which was to be in Force for five CarolinadirectIy Years, from the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and thirty, and from thence to any Part of to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also an Act made in the eighth Year of the Europe South- Reign of his said late Majesty, to continue the said Act from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty- £.*r!*ofc*P* ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, and from thence to the End of the and A^TcJco* then next Session of Parliament, and to extend that Liberty to his Majesty's Province of Georgia irl 2. for extending America; which said Acts, by several subsequent Acts made in the fifteenth and sixteenth, twentieth; that Liberty to twenty-seventh, and thirty-third Years of his said late Majesty's Reign, were further continued from the Georgia; which Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty- ^'fev^raUubft seven, and from thcifce to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same is qLinAfts, U hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, to the said twenty-ninth Day of September, one furthercontinu. thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Section of ed to ip Sept. Parliament. ' *774*

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his Pan of Aa 1* late Majesty, intituled, 1 An Act for prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad, and first ^co* 2* *. 36*

computed, or written and printed in Great Britain; and for repealing so much of an Act made in the fheimporuiion eighth Year of the Reign ol her late Majesty Queen Anne, as impowers the limiting the Prices of Books / Df Books rc-which Act was to continue in Force from the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hun- printed Abroad, dred and thirty-nine, for the Space of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Section and first c m-of Parliament; and which, so far as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad,

and first composed or written and printed in Great Britain, by several subsequent Acts made in the &c. which wa*:* twentieth, twenty-seventh, and thirty-third Years of his said late Majesty's Reign, was further continued continued by from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and several fobfe-sixty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same jyquent Acts,

306 C. 36, 37, Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

further continu-hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, to the said twenty-ninth Day of September, one ed 10 29 Sept* thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to continue so much of an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty as relates to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; and for allowing the Bounties granted by any Acts of Parliament now in being upon the Exportation of Corn and Malt declared or made for Exportation, and Barley steeped and entered at the Excise Office to be made into Malt for Exportation, before a limited Time.

EXP.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for completing the Bridge cross the River Thames, from Black Friars in the City of London, to the opposite Side in the County of Surry, and the Avenues thereto on the London Side; for redeeming the Tolls on the said Bridge, and on London Bridge; for rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate in the said City; for repairing the Royal Exchange within the same; for embanking Part of the North Side of the said River, within certain Limits; and for further continuing, towards those Purposes, the Imposition of six Pence per Chaldron, or Ton, of Coals and Culm imported into the Port of the said City; established by an Act of the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and also for carrying on the new Pavements in the City and Liberties of Westminster, and Pari (hes adjacent, and in the Town and Borough of Southwark \ and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Preamble, re

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late ao^ Geo^a. c. S6. ▼ Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames*

for building a c from Black Friars in the City of London, to the opposite Side in the County of Surry; the Mayor, Alder-

’ Bridge at BUck

men, and Commons, of the said City, in Common Council assembled, were impowered to build the

Friar*. 4 said Bridge; and to make, enlarge, or improve Streets, Ways, and Passages, on each Side of the said

River, to and from the said Bridge; and to light and watch the same when built; and to take certain Tolls for the Passage over the same; and, upon the Credit thereof, to raise any Sum, not exceeding That the City one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds: And whereas the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in haVthe°T°ir* Common Council assembled, have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act; and, towards the Pur-thereof ° * P°^es thereof, have borrowed and raised the Sum of one hundred and forty-four thousand Pounds,

144,000l. besides contributing the Sum of sixteen thousand two hundred Pounds; which two Sums, together with the Profits made by the Dividends and Sale of the publick Funds wherein Part of the said Monies was

That the Ba-

invested, and by the Sale of old Materials, and otherwise, did, upon the fifth Day of July, in the

lane? remaining Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, amount to the Sum of one hundred seventy-three thou-tlt'c*6]’ ant* ^orty P°unck seven Shillings and six Pence: And whereas upon the said fifth Day of July,

Taa.^’d. a q. one thousand seven hundred and-sixty six, there had been laid out and expended, in the Execution of the said Act, the Sum of one hundred and forty thousand five hundred and ninety-five Pounds nineteen Shillings and ten Pence Halfpenny; so that there remained, in the Chamber of the said City, a Balance of thirty-two thousand four hundred and forty-four Pounds seven Shillings and seven Pence Halfpenny; 4 which Balance, by some Receipts then expected, was likely to be raised to the Sum of thirty-three That the future thousand and eighty nine Pounds twelve Shillings and seven Pence Halfpenny: And whereas byEfti-Ixpences are mates of the necessary Expences which, upon the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred estimated at ( an(j sixty.fix, remained to be incurred for the complete Execution of the said Act (exclusive of the Roads and ve th^ 4 on Surry Side) and of the Charge of making, widening, enlarging, or improving, Streets and Ways Balance. 4 necessary for a more convenient and ready Passage to the said intended Bridge, from several Parts of the said City, there will be wanted for the said several Purposes, over and above the said last mentioned

Balance, the farther Sum of fifty-eight thousand five hundred Pounds: And whereas it would be of

general Advantage, that the Passage over the said intended Bridge should be freed and exempted, as soon as may be, from the Payment of the Tolls granted by the said Act; in which Case, it will be necessary to provide some other*sufficient Funds, as well for Repayment of the said one hundred and forty-four thousand Pounds, with the Interest thereof, and raising the said fifty-eight thousand five hundred Pounds, as for defraying the Expences of lighting, watching, cleansing, and repairing the said Bridge when ThcF.mbat.k- 4 built: And whereas it would tend to femove many Inconveniencies, if the Ground and Soil of the said anent of the RjVer of Thames, between the West Corner of Powell’s Wharf near Puddle Dock, in the said City of th^Tlumcs^ London, and the East Corner of Roberts’s JVharf, near Milford Lane, in the County of Middlesex, was tVscoT.^the ‘ inclosed and embanked; the Expence of making of which Embankment is estimated at the Sum of seven Redemption of thousand five hundred Pounds: And whereas the Passage over London Bridge is Aibjeft to a prescriptive London Bridee Toll, appropriated to the Support of the said Bridge, upon all Carts, Waggons, and other Carriages, Toil at 30.CC01. < patting over the same, to and from the said City, loaden with any. Kind of Goods or Provisions; which Set 29 Geo. a. Toll js at this Time in Lease for twenty-one Years, at a Fine of two thousand one hundred Pounds, c. 4 and under a yearly Rent of seven hundred and thirty-five Pounds: And whereas it would also be of

‘general

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 37. 307

| general Advantage, that the Passage over the said Bridge, should be freed and exempted as soon as mar c be, from the Payment of such l olls; the Redemption of which Tolls, and the Purchase of which Lease, are estimated at the Sum of thirty thousand Pounds: And whereas the Gaol of Newgate (which the Rebuilding c is not only the County Goal of Middlesex as well as of London, but also the general Prison for Smug- of Newgate «c € glers and Debtors to the Crown, from all Parts of the Kingdom) is so ill contrived, as not to admit of

a lufbeient Supply of fresh Air and Water, from which Circumstances the same is in general unhealthy,

and often visited with a malignant Fever, called The Gaol Distemper, the fatal Effects of which have sometimes extended beyond the Prison Walls; and the said Gaol is so old and ruinous, as to be inca- pable of any effectual Alteration or Repair; and the Charge of building a more airy and commodious

one in its Stead, is estimated at the Sum of fifty thousand Pounds: And whereas the House or Building *ndtheRepwt called the Royal ^Exchange within the said City of London (the daily Place of Resort of Merchants,

Traders, Mariners, and others, from all Parts of this Kingdom, and from many foreign Countries) is so much decayed, that the utter Ruin thereof is apprehended, unless the same be speedily and effectually repaired; which necessary Reparations are estimated at the Sum of ten thousand Pounds, for which the Funds now subsisting are insufficient: And whereas the said several Sums of fifty-eight thousand five the said Some hundred Pounds, seven thousand five hundred Pounds, thirty thousand Pounds, nfty thousand Pounds,

and ten thousand Pounds, amounting together to the Sum of one hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds, ,56'000

cannot be raised, nor any new Fund provided for Repayment of the said Sum of one hundred and forty-four thousand Pounds^ with the Interest thereof, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament:

And whereas by an Act passed in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen The Act of $& 4 Mary, intituled, An Act for Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, it was, among WHi.*M»rjr# 4 other Things, enacted, That for and towards the railing a perpetual Fund to pay the yearly Interest four Pounds for every one hundred Pounds principal Money, and the Interest thereof then due to any pj5*/*1"

Orphan of the said City, or the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, of any such Orphan, or any other the Creditor or Creditors of the said Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, qr the Executors, Admi- nistrators, or Assigns, of such Creditors, all and every the City’s Estates and Revenues (except as- therein excepted) should be charged for ever with the clear annual Sum of eight thousand Pounds.

And the said Act did also appropriate to the Fund and Purposes aforesaid, the Rents and Profits of the said City’s Aquedu&s (except as therein excepted). And the Sum of two thousand Pounds was thereby directed to be annually raised upon the Personal Estates of the several Inhabitants within the said City and Liberties towards the said Fund. And for the further Increase thereof, the Sum of two Shillings and six Pence was directed to be paid upon the binding of every Apprentice within the said City; and five Shillings by every Person who should be admitted to be a Freeman thereof: And the said Act imposed upon all Sorts of Wine imported into the Port of the said City, or the Members thereof, by

way of Merchandize, a Duty of four Shillings per Ton over and above the Duties then payable thereon; and for every Chaldron of Coals or Culm imported into the said Port, or the River of Thames A within the Liberty of the said City upon the said River, to be sold, the Sum of four Pence for Metage for ever; and also for all Coals or Culm, usually sold by the Chaldron, for every Chaldron thereof which should be imported into the said Port, or Members thereof, from and after the twenty-ninth of September, one thousand seven hundred (over and above all other Impositions and Duties, and the said Sum of four Pence Metage) the Sum of six Pence: And for such Coals as were sold by the Ton, for every Ton thereof the like Sum of six Pence; the said Imposition of six Pence to continue from the said twenty-ninth of September, for and during the Term of fifty Years: And whereas by an Act passed The AA of at

in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An °cw-m c. 9.

Act for the further Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, and for other Pur- '0"t,l^ngolne poses therein mentioned, the said Imposition of six Pence for every Chafdron or Ton of Coals, was fur- evils.' 0 '

ther continued during a Term of thirty-five Years, from the Expiration of the said Term of fifty

Years; and out of the Monies arising from the said Imposition so continued, the yearly Sum of thri*c 4 thousand Pounds was directed to be paid, during the said Term of thirty-five Yc~rs, to the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, in the Manner, and for the Purposes, in the said Act mentioned; and the Residue of the said Monies was thereby approbated to make Part of the Fund for paying the Interest to the said Orphans, and other Creditors of the said City:

And it was thereby directed, that from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thou fan J 4 seven hundred and fifty, the said City’s Estates and Revenues should be charged, towards the said Fund,

with the yearly Sum of two thousand Pounds, and no more, over and above the said yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds, wherewith they then stood charged 5 and that the Surpluses arisen, or to anfc from the Funds so appropriated for Payment of the said Interest, should be applied to the Psy- ment of the said Capital Debt; with a Proviso in the said Act contained, that no Orphan of the f.i id City, under the Age of twenty-one Years, should be paid off, so long as there should be any Person nor an Orphan under that Age, Proprietor of any Pirt of the said Principal Debt: And whereas the Tint ri»eOr-4 Surpluses which, at the Time of passing the said last recited Act, had arisen, and the Su^plutfcs which P^n< 0 Xt*

have since arisen from the said Fund, have been applied according to the Directions of the find A<M \ L*dv-daj,

and thereby the said Capital Debt due to the Orphans and other Creditors of the said City of L'ndo?i, t$c 4 was on the twenty-fourth Day of June, in the said Year one thoulano seven hundred and sixty six, re- duced to the Sum of six hundred ten thousand and eighty-four Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence *, and 4 (computing the future Surplusses at a Medium of the last five Years) the Whole may be exposed to be paid off and discharged by the twenty-fifth Day of March, which will be in the Year one thousand eight hundred and three: And whereas, if the said Imposition of Sixpence far every Chaldron or Ton ThaswUh

R r 2 gf 6d. D*’? CAW

V

C. 37. Anno septimo Georgii ILL A.D. 1.767.

inued, and the of Coals or Culm* was to be farther continued to the twenty-ninth Day of September^ which will be Addition of c in the Year one thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, the said Fund created by the said Act of the An«utheF«nd fifth a°d ^lxt^ Years of King William and Queen Mary, with the Addition thereto of one thousand five would, by Mi- 4 hundred Pounds per Annuity would (it is computed) be sufficient in that Time to discharge the Prin-chaelmas 1831, ‘ cipal and Interest, not only of the said Debt due to the said Orphans and other Creditors of the said pay the said City, but of the said farther Sums of one hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds, and one hundred and Debt, and r«d^ fOJty_four thousand Pounds: And whereas the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, are willing 144 C00l. *° 4 ar>d delirous* that the City’s Estates and Revenues should, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of

That the City fune9 in the present Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, until the said twenty-ninth Day of b willing to. c September^ one thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, be charged with the Payment of the said yearly tharge their Re-« Sum of one thousand five hundred Pounds, towards Increase of the said Fund, for the Purposes afore-creafeVh* said* over and above the several Sums with which the said Estates and Revenues now (land charged:’ Fund, with Therefore, upon, the Petition of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of Lending in 1,5001. per Common Council assembled; be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad-Ann.- vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affem-

Coroqjon Coun- bled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, ciltdembaok Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby required, to inclose and such puV* embank so much of the Ground* and Soil of the said River of Thames, as lies on; the North Side thereof, they shall on or between the West Corner of PoweWs Wharf\ near Puddle Dock, in the said City of London, and the East before the *$th Corner of Roberts's Wharfs near Milford Lane9 in the said County of Middlefe*9 in such Manner, and of Sept. 1767, according to such Plan or Plans* act they shall, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September, in this diita. present Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, Jay out, and direct and caitfe to be hung up in

the Town Clerk’s Office, in the Guildhall of the said City, for public View and Inspection; so as the Fronts of such Embankments, on each Side of the said intended Bridge, may run in straight Lines, to a Point, in the Middle of the North Butment of the said Bridge, thirty Feet distant from the North End, or Springing of the North Butment Arch thereof.

Owners and

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful tQ and for any of the Proprietors ro*y Owners and Proprietors of the several Wharfs or Grounds abutting on the North Side of the salt) River, Notice to b€°n ^within the Limits aforesaid (who shall, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September, in the Year one given on or be- thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, give Notice in Writing to the Town Clerk of the said City, for fore the 19th ‘the time being, of their Intention to embank so much of the said Ground and Soil of the River as lie9 of Sept. 1768. opposite and contiguous to their said respective Wharfs or Grounds) to inclose and embank the same accordingly, at their own Expence, under the Direction of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or their Surveyor, in this Behalf to be appointed, within six Calendar Months next after such Notice; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anyways notwithstanding.

Common Coon-

III. And be it further enacted, That upon embanking the Ground and Soil of the said River, adjoin-05 bU1 Stairs *n£ to several public Stairs or Landing Places called White Friars Stairs, Temple Stairs, and Essex Stairs,* pu c talrs* either by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or by the respe&ire Owners or Proprietors of the said adjoining Wharfs or Grounds, they the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall cause the said Stairs and Landing Places to be taken down, removed, and rebuilt, by their own Workmen or Agents, so and in such Manner as that a Line drawn from the Middle of the upper Step or Landing Place of the present Stairs, shall run through the Middle' of the new intended Stairs, and fall at right Angles upon the front Line of the said intended Embankment.

Ne\vPUa «na IV- And lt further enabled. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, budd8ancw> and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby required with all convenient Speed Gaol, to pull down the said Gaol of Newgate, and to remove, dispose of, or delli;oy, the Materials thereof, as they shall think fit (having regard to the Health and Safety of his Majesty's Subjects) and to build a spacious and commodious new Gaol, upon or near the Place where the present Gaol now (lands; provided always, that the Money which shall arise from the Sale of such of the Materials as shall be thought expedient to be sold, shall be applied towards the Expence of such new Gaol,

and widen Strefti V. And, to render the Access, as well to the said new Gaol as to the Sections House in the Old Baily, leading thereto, more easy and convenient, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid,- That the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall have Power and Authority to widen, enlarge, or improve, such of the Streets, Ways, and Passages, adjoining or leading to the said intended new Gael and Sessions House, or either of them, as they shall judge necessary for that Purpose. deu?neTin°other Yl. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Sheriffs p.ibik Prison*Cr ^ie fa,d City of London and the Sheriff of the said County of Middlesex respectively, from time to time, till thenew Gaol and at all Times after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, is built. until the said new Gaol shall be built, and properly fitted for a Prison, to convey to, and keep, and de-

tain in, any Other public Prison of sufficient Strength, within the said City of London or County of Middlesex*, all or any of the Prisoners who have been or shall be committed, or who by Law ought to be committed, to the said present Gaol, or to the County Gaol of the said City and County; any Writ, Order, or Warrant, or any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary thereof in any ways notv;ithftandi_ng. New Gaolwhen VH. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said new Gaol when built shall he the County Conoty Gaol for of anfl ^or fa*d City of London, and of and for the said County of Middlesex, in like Manner as

London and the said present Gaol now is by Law> Usage or Prescription* and that the Removal of all or any of the

Prisoners,

e

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 37- 309

Prisoners, who now are, or hereafter shall he, confined in the said present Gaol, to the said new Gaol, Midd/e/e*, and shall not he deemed or construed to be an Kfrape, in the said Sheriffs of the said City, or in the said Sheriff R*n,i»vdof

of the said County: And the Keeper and Keepers of such Prison or Prisons respectively, to which any thereto n^7o Person or Pci loiib shall, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, be conveyed by the said Sheriffs or Sheriff, bean ticapc. shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to receive, keep, and detain, in his and their Custody respectively, such Person or Persons, until dik harped by due Course of Law.

VilI. Pro\idtd also, and be it further enacted, That all and every Prisoner and Prisoners, so by virtue Persons so re-of this Act removed to and detained in Inch Prison or Prisons as aforesaid, shall, during such Detainer, move., to b« he deemed in Law to be in the Custody of the Keeper of Newgate: And all Writ* of Habeas Corpus, for dcrmed bringing the Body or Bodies of any such Prisoner or Prisoners before any of the Judges of his IVl.ijesty’s °1

Courts of Kccoid at Westminster, or for removing any such Prisoner or Prisoners to any other Prison or Newelted° Prisons, shall and may be directed to the said Keeper or Newgate; and the Keeper or Keepers of such Prison or Prisons are hereby enjoined, upon Delively to him or them of such Writ or Writs, to pay due Obedience, and make due Returns thereto, in the Name of the said Keeper of Newgate, in the same Manner asithe said Keeper of Nnvgate would be bound to do if the Person or Persons mentioned in such Writ or Wr its was or were in his Custody.

IX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Person or Persons to whose Custody any such Prisoner Kef pen of other

of- Prisoners shall be so conveyed, by the said Sheriffs or Sheriff*, shall respectively be aimvcrable for the Pnforutobe»n-Escape of any such Prisoner or Prisoners; any T hing herein before contained to the contrary thereof fvv*T*blc for notwithstanding Cipcl*

X. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of building the said intended Gaul in Manner afore- Common Coon said, and making, widening, enlarging, or improving, such Street, Ways, and PaftVges, it shall and may cil empowered b« lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Common?, in Common Council assembled, and they H0ur«b*c aro hereby impowered to treat and agree with the Owners and Occupiers of, and other Persons interested the Vurpoie* in, such Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as :h. y shall judge fit to be purchased, removed, aforesaidi

or pulled down, for all or any of the Purposes aforesaid, for the Purchase thereof; and after Payment of the Sum or Sums of Me ney which shall be agreed upon for such Purchas’e, they the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council afllmbled, are hereby authorised to appoint their Agents or Workmen, to pull such Houses down, and to lay out such Lands, and dispose of the Monies to arise from the Sale of any oid Materials, in such Manner as they shall think fit, for or towards the respective Purposes aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and the Lease of and Common*, in Common Council aftlmbled, and they are hereby impowered to treat and agree with London Bridge the Ltfite of, and other Person or Persons interested in, the Lease of the said Tolls for the Paitage over To11*

Linden Bridge, for the Purchase of the same, and of all Profits, Advantages, and Emoluments, arising or to arise from the said Lease.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politick, Corpo- BcHiesPolitic, rate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggreg ate or Sole, Trul.e s and Feoffees in Trull, Guardians, and Sec. Tmilen, Committees for Lunaticks and Idmt*. Executors Adminftr.itors, and Guardians whr.tsoever, not only jndotherPcr-for or on Behalf of themselve% their Heirs and Successor*, but nlfo for and on Behalf of their Cdtuique Trufh, whether Infants, or I flue unborn, Lunatirks Mints, Femes Covert, or other Pci suns whatsoever, vc* and to and for all Faroes Covert who are or shall he seised in their own RiTn, and to and for all and every Person and Perton' whomsoever, who are or shall he seized or poinded of, or irterested in, any Lar ds, Ter rerts, or Hereditaments, vhich by the said Mayor, A.Mem m, and Commons, in Common Council af.i*mb!c<j, ih.ill be thought neccftary to be purchased for am* of the Pur polls of this Act, or in the said Lease of the TV to (til and convey, assign or furrer.der, all or any fu ll Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Estates, T olls, Lc,.fe, and Interests, or any Pn-t thereof, to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be made by such Persons as aforesaid, shall be good and valid in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Intend of the Person and Persons conveying, but al:o to convey all Right,

Estate, Interest, Lffe, Property, Claim, and Demml whatsoever, of thur fjul several and rWpective Cef-tuique Trusts, and all claiming, or to claim, determined by, from, or under them; any Law, Startrc, Ufiage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the cortouy thereof in anyways notwii hlLiuitng; and that all such Persons so conveyirg as aforesaid. are and shall he indemnified for wlv:C they shall do by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, notwithstanding any Omnium or Mistake of Matter or Form whatsoever: And if it shall happen that any Person or Person*, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons seised or polLfted of, or interested in, any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as aforesaid, or in such Lease of the Tolls, shall refuse to treat or agree for the Sale and Conveyance of their re wh?e any shall f;>jctive Etr ites and (ntcrrlh theitin, with the said M ayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Conn- <*tr> «rc 3r, cil pftrmblrd, or with any Person or Persons nuihorised by them, or shall not produce an ! evince a clear or ,fcJ

Title to the Premises they are in Possession of, or to t l\c Insert ft t hey claim, to the Sat if crion of the said JhVYfV.it’i* Miyor, Aldcrrr.cn, and Common*, in Common Council allcmblcJ, or of the Person nr Prrfops so a itho- CriJ,‘f lo tm riled by them; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may he lawful to and for the Court of Mayor pKirpticr* and Aldermen of the said City, to be h »ldi n in the Outer Chamber of the Guildhall of the fai l City, ;c- J J,y-cording to the Ccftom of the said City, and the said Court are hereby empowered and authorised to ifiVe 2 Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, directed to the Sheriff* of the said City of London, w 10 are h -rrs, authorised, directed, and required accordingly to impanel and return a competent Number of fublUnixal and diiimcrcfted Persons qualified to serve on Juries, not less than ferity-eight, nor more tlna 3 Lventy- ,

310 C. 37. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

vho are to be seventy-two; and out of such Persons so to be impanelled, summoned, and returned, a Jury of twelve drawn as the Act Mcn {^3]] be drawn, by some Person to be by the said Court appointed, in such Manner as Juries for the directs*1' C* *T*r*a^ of Issues joined in his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, by an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of the said King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Juries, are directed to be drawn; which persons so to be impanelled, summoned, and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be directed and appointed, and to attend the said J-jrori may be Court from Day to Day, till discharged by the said Court; and all Persons concerned shall and may have challenged. their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not be at Liberty to challenge the Array: Court may sum- And the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen are hereby authorised and impowered by Precept or Precepts monandrxamine from time to time, as Occasion shall require, to call before them all and every Person and Persons whom-Witnesses on soever, who shall be thought proper and necessary to be examined as Witness or Witnesses before them, on thVlujTtoview. ^eir Oath or Oaths, touching and concerning the Premises; and the said Court, if they think fit, shall J and may likewise authorise the said Jury to view the Place or Places in question, in such Manner as they shall direct; and the said Court shall have Power to adjourn such Meeting from Day to Day as Occasion shall require, and to command such Jury, Witnesses, and Parties to attend, until all such Affairs for which Jury to assess the they were summoned shall be concluded; and the said Jury, upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as also the Value on Oath. Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Court are hereby* impowered and required to administer) shall esquire of and affels the Value of such Lands, Tenements* and Hereditaments, and of such Lease of the Tolls as aforesaid, and of the proportionable Value of the respective Estates and Interests claimed therein, or in any Part thereof: And the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall and may give Judgement, that the Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed, be the Value of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and of such respective Estates or Interests therein; whiefy said Verdict or Verdicts, and the said Judgement thereupon (Notice in Writing Leing given to the Person or Persons interested, or claming so to be, at lead fourteen Days before the Time of the Meeting of the

The Court to give Anal Judgement thereon.

Previous Notice to be given to the Parties interested.

said Court and Jury, by leaving Notice at the Dwelling-house of such Person or Persons, or at his, her, usual Place or Places of Abode, or with some Tenant or Occupier of some of f -

or their

Upon Payment of the Value

to the City.

the said Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, intended to be valued and assessed, or at the Toll-house for collecting such Tolls, in case such Party cannot otherwise be found out to be served with such Notice) shall be binding and conclusive, as to Value, as well against the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as against every other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, and against all other Persons whomsoever, claiming any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, Use, or Interest, in, to, or out of, the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments and Premises, or in, to, or out of, such Lease of the Tolls* either in Possession, Revemon, Remainder, or Expectancy.

XIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That upon Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money fa

to be awarded or adjudged to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so awarded, for the Purchase

airetfed, Premises of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or for the Purchase of any Estate or Interest therein, or to b« conveyed for the Purchase of the said Lease of the Tolls, such Person or Persons shall make and execute, or procure to be made and executed, good, valid, and legal. Conveyances, Alignments, and Assurances, in the Law, to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, of the said Lanas, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or of such Estate or Interest, for which such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded; and shall also assign or surrender to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, such Lease of the Tolls, and shall procure all necessary Parties to execute such Conveyances, Alignments, and Assurances, and shall do all Acts, Matters, and Things, necessary and requisite to make a good, clear, and perfect Title to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens: And in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums shall be awarded as aforesaid, shall not be able to evince their Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and to make, or procure to be made, good, valid, and legal. Conveyances thereof, to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or dial) refuse so to do, being thereto required, and the Sum or Sums so assessed and awarded being produced and tendered to be paid to him, her, them, on their making such Title, and executing, or procuring to be executed, such Conveyances, Alignments, or Assurances, as aforesaid; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded, cannot be found in the said City; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen to order the said Sum or Sums so assessed and awarded as the Value of, and Purchase-montv to b-paid money for the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or for the Purchase of such Lease of the Tolls into die Bank j as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name, and with the Privity, of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (describing the m) or in the said Lease of the Tolls, fub-fubiea to the je& to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, Cider of the on the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sum, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Court of Chan- Petition, shall be, and is hereby, impowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the same eery, upon Mo- Court shall seem meet, to order Distribution thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or tion or cUuon* Interest, of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, of, in, or to such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or such Lease of the Tolls, to be made appear to, and to be declared by, the said Court, and according to the Value thereof assessed as aforesaid; and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable: And the Caftiier or Caftiiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum and Sums, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums, S mentioning

Where a good

Title cannot be made, or legal Conveyance executed,

or the Parties are n< t to be found, &;c. Court to order the Purchas’c

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 37. 311

mentioning and specifyin^ for whaf Premises, and for. whose Use, the same is or are received, to such Person as shall pay any such hum or Sums into the Bank as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all such Verdicts, Judgements, Sentences, Decrees, Orders, Verdict and

and other Proceedings of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, and Juries, as relate to or concern any JuVmrms» such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or such Lease of the Tolls, so to be purchased; and a)) Recordin't!»c Receipts which the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank shall give for any Sum or Sums of Money paid Court*

into the Bank, in consequence of any such Verdi# and Judgement 5 shall be entered among the Records of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen: And the said Verdicts, Judgements, Sentences, Decrees, and Orders, and other Proceedings, shall be deemed and taken to be Records to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and the same, or true Copies thereof, shall be deemed and taken to be good and effectual Evidence C°ricsB°°d and Proof in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity whatsoever; and all Persons shall and may have re- dence# course to the same gratisy and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy, not exceeding two hundred Words, six Pence, and so proportionally for any greater or lesser Number of Words; and immediately °n Pfly-after such Verdicts, Judgements, Sentences, Decrees, Orders, and other Proceedings of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, and Juries, and Payment into the Bank as aforesaid, all the Estate, Ri2.hr, Title, JitV, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand, in Law and Equity, of the Person or Persons to whose Credit such Money shall be paid, in, to, and out of, the Lid Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, or in, to, or out of, such Lease of the Tolls, shall vest in the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens; and they shall be deemed in Law to be in the a#ual Possession thereof to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as fully and effe#ually, as if every Person having any Estate in the Premifics, had actually conveyed the same by Lease and Release, Bargain and Sale enrolled, Feoffment with Livery and Seisin, Fine and Recovery, or any other Conveyance whatsoever; and such Payment (halt not only in bar of Dow*, bar all Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand, of the Person or Persons to whose Credit such *c<

Payment shall have been made, but also shall extend to, and be deemed and construed, to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife or Wives of such Person or Persons, and all Estates Tail, in Reversion or Remainder, and the issue or Issues of such Person or Persons, and every Person claiming under them, as effectually as a Fine or Recovery would do, if levied or suffered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law,

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Mayors Court,

Mayor and Aldermen, after such Payment Into the Bank, and Entry of the Receipt as aforesaid, and before

any Application in respect thereof to the said Court of Chancery, at the Petition of any Person or Persons in \n ,hc pub-^ Pofle (Hon of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of such Lease of the Tolls, to place out or licit Fundi, invest, or cause to be placed out or invested, such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, in some of the Publick Funds, or on Government Security, at Interest, in the Name of any Person or Persons authorised and appointed by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen for that Purpose, in Trust, to transfer and assign the same to the Person or Persons to whom the Premises belong, on their executing proper Conveyances thereof; and in the mean time, in Trust, to pay the Interest and Dividends, arising therefrom, to the Person or Persons who was or were in Possession of the said Premises at the Time of the Lid Payment -into the Bank.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who would be in- Per^’"s uJ>tu,f^ titled to recover the mesne Profits of the Premises, or of the said Tolls for the Passage over London [o^ntitieTto Bridge, against the Person or Persons in Possession, in case the same had not been so conveyed to, or vested th* interei* oi in, the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, as aforesaid, shall be intitled to recover the Sum or the Purchase* Sums to arise from such Interest and Dividends as aforesaid, by Action of Debt, or otherwise, against the®onfy*

Person or Persons who shall receive the same; and the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen are hereby Court to or<jer impowered to make such Orders as aforesaid on the Bank for the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, the same to b* or any Part thereof, as shall be necessary in order to the same being so invested in Publick Securities; and p»«<i accarcm*Jj, the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, shall beauieted in the Possession of the Lands, Tenements,

and Hereditaments, and of the said Lease of the said Tolls, for which such Money shall be so paid as aforesaid; and shall not be answerable or accountable in any Court of Law or Equity for the Money so deposited and placed out as aforesaid, any otherwise than according to the Tenor, Purport, and true Meaning, of this Act.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further cna#ed, That in case the said Sum or Sums so assessed by the If the Money J« said Jury, and ordered and adjudged by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen to be paid to the Owners, nonendereii, the Occupiers, and others, for their respective Interests in the Premises aforesaid, and in the said Lease of the y®rdl^iiVt Tolls, shall not be paid, tendered, or deposited, as herein directed, within six Calendar Months next

after the same shall have been so assessed, ordered, and adjudged; then, and in such Case, the Verdi# of theia*. said Jury, and the Order and Adjudication of the said Court, shall not be binding upon the said Parties; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further cna#ed, That the principal Money arising from the Sale of any Houses, Purchase mo-Edifices, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of such Lease of the Tolls which shall be purchased, ri*cf Premises for the Purposes contained in this Act, of any Body Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate orhelJ lrl Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, or from any Feme Covert, shall he paid to such Persons as they shall respectively nominate to receive the same, in Trust, with all convenient to the fcr*e Uf«i, Speed then afterwards to be rc-invested in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled to and upon, and subject to the like Uses, Trusts, Limitations,

Remainders and Contingencies, as the Houses, Edifices, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or such Lease of the Toils, which shall be purchased of them respectively by the said Mayor and Commonalty and

312 C. 37. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

Citizens as aforesax!, were respectively settled, limited, or assured, at the Time of such Purchase, or so

many thereof as, at the rime of making such Conveyances and Settlements, shall be existing and capable of taking Effect.

Conveyances by

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Conveyance of any such Estate or Interest of any Feme Fe-ne Covert in- Covert to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them, by jolled, to be cf. Bargain and Sale, acknowledged by such Feme Covert, and to be inrolled in the Court of Hustings of the i said City, according to the Custom of the said City, within six Calendar Months after the making

thereof, shall as effectually and absolutely convey the Estate and Interest: of such Feme Covert, in the Pre-mises, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, would or could do, if levied or suffered thereof in due Form of Law'; and farther, that all Bargains and Sales whatsoever to be made of any such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, as shall be purchased by the said Mayor and Commonalry and Citizens, by virtue of, and for the Purposes of, this Act, shall have the Force, Effect, and Operation, in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, which any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatsoever, would, have, if levied or suffered by the Bargainor or Bargainors, or any Person or Persons seised of any Estate in the Premises, in Trust, for or to the Use of such Bargainor or Bargainors, iu any legal Manner or Fom whatsoever.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all 2nd every Person and Persons whomsoever, having any Right, inLand so u Title, Intcre^» Use, Property, Claim, or Demand whatsoever, whether in Possession, Reversion, Re-chafed toemer" ma*n^er> or Expectancy, in, to, or out of, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which by virtue their claims and for the Purposes of this Act shall be purchased by and conveyed, or mentioned or intended to be eon-within a limited veyed, to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, by any such Bargain and Sale as aforesaid,

and so all other Bargaini and Sales for the Purposes of this

a a.

Persons having any Righr, See,

Time, or be >*rred j

chafe-money from Persons receiving the lame.

shall, within the Space of five Years, to be compu ed from the Date of the Inrollment of such Bargain and Sale, enter a Memorial of such their Right, Title* Interest, Use, Property, Claim, apd Demand, in a Book to be for that Purpose prepared and kept by the Town Clerk of the said City of London for the time being; which Book the said Town Clerk is hereby required to prepare and keep accordingly; and for which Entry he shall be intitled to such Fee, and no other, as the Register of the County of MMlefcxis by Law intitled to for the Registry of a Memorial containing the same Number of Words; and all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, not entering such Right, Claim, and Demand, within such Time, and in such Manner as aforesaid, or having so entered the lame, and not prosecuting such their. Right, Claim, or Demand, with Effect, within the Space of five Years, to be computed from the Time of such Entry, shall be for ever barred of all Right, Title, U/c, Equity, Property, Claim, or Demand whatsoever, whether in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectanc y, in, to, upon, or out of, the said Premises, and every Part thereof: And the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and those claiming by, from, or under them, shall be quieted in the Possession of all such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises; any Law, Statute, Usage, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Fat »t Liberty to

XXI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons barred of any Right, recover the Pur-Title, Estate, Interest, Claim, or Demand whatsoever, in, to, or out of, the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, by virtue of this Act, shall be at Liberty to biing any Action or Actions of Debt for Money had and received to his or their Use, against any Person or Persons, or the legal Representative of any Person or Persons, who received the Purchase-money arising from such Sale of the said Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises aforesaid; and that in every such Case, the respective Plaintiffs, on Proof of such Title as would have enabled therti to recover such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, or any Estate or Interest in the same, shall recover the said Purchase-money, or fn much thereof as shall be equivalent to their Interest in the said Premises, together with such Interest as shall be equivalent to the mesne Profits of the Premises which they would have been intitled to recover, in case this Act had not been made.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Tenant at Will, or Lessee for a Year, or other

Tfrant? to deli-Person or Persons in Possession of any such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, or any Part ▼er Voflertion thereof, which shall be purchased by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens as aforesaid, and who shall have no greater Interest in the Premises than as Tenant at Will, or as Lessee by Parole for a Year, or from Year to Year, ft)all, at the Expiration of six Calendar Months after Notice in Writing left upon the Premises, or so soon after as he or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or any Person or Persons authorised by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, to take Possession thereof; and that in case any such Person or Persons shall refuse to give such Possession, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, to issue their Precept or Precepts to the She lifts of the said City, to deliver Possession of the Premises to such Person or Persons as shall in such Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the same.; and the said Sheriffs are hereby required to deliver Possession accordingly of the fai Premises, and to levy Inch Costs as ih ill accrue from the Ilfiing and Execuri' n of such Precept or Precepts, on the Person or Persons so lefuling to give Possession as aforesaid by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall have any Mortgage or Mortgages on such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or on such Lease of the Tolls, not being in Possession thereof, by virtue of such Mortgage or Mortgages, shall, on the Tender of the Principal Money, and Interest due thereon, together wiili six Months Imqrcft of the said Principal Mon:y, by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council aflemuied, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, immediately assign such Mortgage or Mortgages to the said Mayor and Commonalty and

After Purchase,

within six Months after Notice.

On Rcfufrl,

Court to issue a Precept to toe Sheriffs to deliver Possession.

Mor’gJtjres, on Jen.i-r -f !*rin-410a, *n lute rtrt, to convey.

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 37* 3i3

and Citizens, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint in Trad for them; or in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall have Notice in Writing from the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, that they will pay on and discharge the Principal and Interest which shall be due on the said Mortgage or Mortgages, at the End or Expiration of six Calendar Months, to be computed from such Notice given, that then, at the End of the said six Months, on Payment of the Principal and Interest so due, such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall assign his, her, or their Interest in the Premises to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint in Tiutt for them: And in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall refuse to assign as aforesaid on such Tender or on\!u* Payment, that then all Interest on every such Mortgage shall cease and determine. on Payment'of

Principal and Interest into the Bjnk.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the principal Money and Interest due on any Prcnfifesto vest Mortgage as aforesaid into the Bank, at the End of six Calendar Momhs from such Notice as aforesaid, in lhc cit>« for the Use of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank shall give a Receipt or Receipts for the said Money, in like Manner as is herein before directed in Cases of other Payments into

the Bank; and thereupon all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand, of the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of every Person or Persons in Trust for him or them, shall vest in the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens; and they shall be deemed to be in the actual Possession of the Premises comprized in such Mortgage or Mortgages, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money to be paid pursuant to any such Agreement Monies to he

or Verdict as aforesaid, or on any such Mortgage, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon Pairdor ren«jffreJ, all Monies which shall be raised or received for the Purposes of this Act, and shall be tendered to the ^afJconhePrc-Party or Parties intitled to the same; and in case of Refusal to accept the same, shall be paid into the Bank c r

of England, in the Names of any Person or Persons appointed by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen

for that Purpose, in Trust for such Person and Persons as shall be intitled to receive the same, before the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall proceed to pull down any House or Houses, or other Erections or Buildings, or to use the Ground for any of the Purposos of this Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall have Power, from Power to fine time to time, to impose any reasonable Fine, not exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds, on the said Sheriffs, Sheriffs, Juries, or their Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents respectively, making Default in the Premises; and on any *nd

of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on any such Jury or Juries, who shall not appear, or, ornotAl ta in*’ who shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury or Turies; or being so (worn, shall not give his or their Verdid; and also on any Person or Persons who shall be summoned to give Evidence touching any of the Matters aforesaid, and shall not attend, or shall refuse to be sworn; or who being sworn shall refuse to give his, her, or their Evidence; and on any other Person or Persons who shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his, her, or their Duty in the Premises, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and, from time to time, to levy such Fine or Fines, by Order of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods, together with the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner; and all such Fines shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXVII. And whereas, by reason of the Purchases which the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens are hereby impowered to make, they may happen to be possessed of feme Piece or Pieces of Ground over and above what may be necessary for any of the Purposes of this Act be it further enacted, Common remn. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common ciiimpn^reciti

Council assembled, to lett, fell, or dispose of, any such Piece or Pieces of Ground, either together or in lett»*cJ,» Ac*

Parcels, as they shall think most advantageous or convenient, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing *nne^/®u"0dr to contract, agree for, or purchase the same. Purposei of thi.

XXVIII. And whereas it may, for the greater Regularity or Beauty of the Streets, Ways or Passages,

to be improved by virtue of this Act, or of the said Act of the twenty-ninth Year of King George the Second, be proper to build Houses, or Parts of Houses, on some Parts of the Ground and Soil of the said Streets, Ways, or Passages, or on some Part of the former Channel of Bridewell Dock,* be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Com- *nd to ?fant mon Council assembled, for and in Consideration of such Sum or Sums of Money, or yearly Rent or Rents *utts p'r°u,t:d’ to be paid into the Receipt of the Chamber of the said City of London, as they shall think reasonable, to JJ!*

grant unto the Owner or Owners of the Freehold and Inheritance of the House or Houses fronting any such Street, Way, or Passage, Licence or Licences, under the Common Seal of the said City of London, to build upon and inclose so much of the Ground and Soil in the Front of their said respective House or Houses, as they shall judge fit and proper to be built upon for the Reasons aforesaid; and the Ground and Soil so built upon in pursuance of such Licence or Licences, shall for ever, or for and during the Time or Term to be expreiFed in such Licence or Licences respectively, be annexed to and enjoyed with the adjoin-in;* Freehold; any Law, U.age, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising by the Sale or Letting of Monies«.fin* the Grounds, so to be Ictt or fold, or by Sale of the Materials of Houses and Buildings to be purchased by ,uch s"lc<or and nulled down by virtue of this present Act, not herein before appropriated; and all Monies to be paid L,concc.*» b c for such Licences as aforesaid ;‘shall be employed* and the same are hereby appropriated to the Purposes of Ih^poVnofet </ this Act, and shall not be employed to or for any other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever. this a<u

3'4 c. 37. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

appoint Committees.

Common Coun-

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, !l!«JTJ>.0o!IId.t°an^ Commons, in Common Council assembled, from time to time, to appoint one or more Committee or - Committees, to manage and transact all or any of the Matters or Purposes which they the said Mayor,

Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, are hereby authorised or required to do, execute, or perform 5 which Committee or Committees, so to be appointed, shall have such Powers and Authorities as shall, from time to time, be given or delegated to them respectively by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or such general Powers as by this Act are given or granted to such Committees respectively.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, (in whom the said Building called The Royal Exchange is veiled, by the last Will and Testament of Sir Thomas Gresham, formerly of the said

The City and Mercers Company by a joint Committee to

Tr'A^n^.vCity, Knight, deceased, to, for, and upon, the Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purpose9, therein directed or

[lit u;e noyai

rrF Exchange*

Ko Member of »ny of the Committees shall be expressed, concerning the same) shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, to cause the said Royal Exchange to be put into immediate and sufficient Repair; such Repair to be done and executed by or under the Directions of a joint Committee of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and of the said Wardens and Commonalty, commonly called The Gresham Committee.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person, being a Member of any of the said Committees, shall be directly or indirectly interested or concerned in any Contract, which shall be made or concerned entered into by or on Behalf of such Committees respectively, for or concerning any of the said Works, to be 10 carried on or performed in pursuance of this Act; or for or concerning any Materials to be used or employed therein; upon Pain that every such Contraft shall be null and void 5 and that the Person who, being a Member of any of the said Committees, shall be so interested or concerned, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, BiH, Plaint, or Information, to be commenced within six Months next after the Offence committed; in which Action or Suit respectively, no Protection, EflToin, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and every Person against whom the said Penalty shall be recovered, shall for ever thereafter be disabled from, being elected a Me mber of the Court of Common Council of the said City of London.

Committees im-

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Com-pnwerrd to cm- mitees to contract and agree with any Person or Persons, whether free of the said City or not, for exeent-jiny Persons not j,g au or any of the Works or Purposes aforesaid, in such ManheT as they shall think fit: And no such rce* c> Person or Persons, who shall be so employed or contrafted with, nor any Person or Persons to be fetto work by or under them, or any of them, shall, for any Act done or to be done m or about any of the Works aforesaid, be subject or liable to any Action, Indictment, or Information, upon the Statute made in the fifth Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, ‘An Act containing divers Orders for Artificers, Labourer*,

Servants of Husbandry, and Apprentices or he liable to be sued for any Breach of the Custom of London, or for any Penalties inflicted by any Bye-law of the said City. wmiiu> w _

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That previous to the making of every such Con-r*viouii> «df«r- tract, the said Committees respectively shall cause Notice to be given in some of the daily Newspapers, of tiled, their Intention to make such Contraft: And that all Persons willing to engage therein, may make Propofah

to them at a certain Time and Place in every such Notice to be fbecified; and aH Contracts made, or to be made, in consequence of such Notice, shall specify the several Works to be done, and the Price or Prices to be paid for the same, and the Time or Times when the said Works are to be completed, together with the Penalties to be incurred in case of the Non-performance thereof; and the same shall be entered in a Book, or Books, to be kept for that Purpose, by the Town Clerk of the said City of London for the time being.

common Chon- XXXV. And, for enabling the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, ii im powered to and the said Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers respectively, to effect the several Pur— >»ifc 1 <;6,ood L poses aforesaid, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, at any Time or Times from and after the said twenty-fourth Day otjune^ one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, to borrow and raise any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of one hundred and fdty-six thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the said Fund so by the said Act of the fifth and sixth Years of King Jffilliam and Queen Mary established, and by the said Act of the twenty-first Year of King Gwge the Second in Part further continued, and by this present Act in Part further continued and augmented; the said Monies to be paid into the Receipt of the Chamber of the said City of London, by such installments, in such Proportions, and at such Times, as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall think fit and agree: And the Persons who shall contract to advance or contribute any Part of the said Monies, shall, in respect of the Sums which they shall so respectively contract to doer>i.ib e Ar.jiui- atjVance, be inti tied to Annuities at and after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Jnnurtu

ties ai 3 l.ioi.

5 tfix, c. 4.

Ontnrts to be

u|v n the Or-ftuxu Fond.

te

be i 1,titlei to re-

to commence and be computed from the Payment of the first of the said Installments, and to be thenceforth paid and payable every six Months, until Redemption thereof by Payment of each respective principal Sum: And that no Part of the Monies so to be lent or advanced, nor any of the said Annuities so to take place in respect thereof, shall be rated or afleired to any Tax or Assessment whatsoever.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common cilto Bond? Council assembled, shall cause a Bond or Note, or other Security, in Writing, under the Common Seal of

for such Anmii- the said City, to be delivered to every Person advancing the said Monies, for the Payment of such Annuities, assignable ° 9

by lndui.cmcut.

petr Con^,

Common Conn-

MS

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 37. 315

tics in respect thereof, until redeemed as is herein after-mentioned 5 which Bonds, Notes, or other Securities, shall be assignable by proper Words to be written or indorsed thereon,

XXXVII. And, to the Intent that the said intended Bridge at Black Friars may, in due Time, be freed T,lc 0rph*n» and exempted from the Payment of any Toll for the Passage over the same; be it further enacted, That Fl,nd

the said Fund, by the said Act of the fifth and sixth Years of King William and Queen Mary established, and by the said Act of the twenty-first Year of King George the Second in Part further continued, and by this present Act in Part further continued and augmented, shall, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, be charged and chargeable with the Payment of the Principal and Interest of the said Sum of one hundred and forty-four thousand Pounds, so borrowed and raised for the Purposes of the said Bridge as aforesaid, over and above the Debt now remaining due to the said Orphans and other Creditors of the said City, and the said Sum of one hundred and fifty-hx thousand Pounds to be raised and borrowed upon the Credit thereof, as aforesaid.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, for and towards rendering the said Fund sufficient and 6 d. Dafyu^n effectual to pay off and discharge not only the Principal and Interest of the Debt so remaining due to the Coals cmUneca said Orphans and other Creditors of the said City, but likewise of the said Sum of one hundred and forty- 46 Ye»r». four thousand Pounds,^so charged thereon by this present Act, and also to pay and redeem the Annuities

which will be payable in respect of the said Sum of one hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds so to be raised and borrowed upon the Credit thereof; the said Imposition of six Pence for every ChalJron or Ton of Coals or Culm, so by the said Act of the fifth and sixth Years of King William and Queen Marys

§ ranted during a Term of fifty Years, and by the said Act of the twenty-nrft Year of King George the econd further continued for a Term of thirty-five Years, shall be, and the same is hereby continued for a further Term of forty-six Years from the Expiration of the set'd Term of thirty-five Years: And that all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, and Provisions, contained in the said two Acts, or either of them, for the collecting, levying, and recovering, of the said Imposition, and all the Penalties thereby imposed, and Regulations therein respectively made for preventing Fraud and Covin, shall remain and be in Force, and, by virtue of this Act, shall and may be exercised and put in Use, for collecting, levying, and recovering, the said Imposition, for and during all the Time by this Act limited and appointed for the Payment thereof, as if the lame were herein expressly mentioned and repeated, and at large re-enacted:

And all Monies to be received upon account of the said Imposition hereby continued shall, from time to time, be paid into the Receipt of the Chamber of the said City of London, for and towards the Increase of the said Fund.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That for and towards the further Increase of the said Fund, all and City every the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Markets, Fairs, and the Duties thereof, and all other char*d with the Revenues of and belonging to the said City of London, in Possession or Reversion, shall (from and after £*4" the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, unto the twenty-fourth Fuajt Day of June, which will be in the Year one thousand eight hundred and thirty-one) (land and be charged with the full yearly Sum of one thousand five hundred Pounds, and nomore, over and above the said several yearly Sums of eight thousand Pounds, and two thousand Pounds, with which they now respectively (land charged: Which yearly Sum of one thousand five hundred Pounds is hereby appropriated, and shall be applied to the same Uses to which the said yearly Sums of eight thousand Pounds, and two thousand Pounds, are, by the said former Acts, or by this present Act, made liable.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Fund created by the said Act of the fifth and sixth Years $*i<J Fundap-©f King William and Queen Mary, and by the said Act of the twenty-first Year of King George the propped to pay Second, and by this present Act in Part further continued and augmented, shall be, and the same is hereby, tb* Qrte^tof appropriated, in the first place, to pay the Interest on the said principal Debt remaining due to the said fri*

Orphans, and other Creditors, of the said City; and after Payment thereof, then to pay the Interest on 144,000l. and the said principal Sum of one hundred and forty-four thousand Pounds so by this Act charged upon the said 156,000l. Fund, and also the Annuities which shall he payable in respect of the said Sum of one hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds, so to be borrowed and raised upon the Credit thereof.

XLI. And, for discharging the Principal of the said Sum of one hundred and forty-four thousand Pounds, Surplaflcs of fai4 and redeeming the Annuities which shall be so payable in respect of the said Sum of one hundred and fifty- FVnd t obc ;*?'

six thousand Pounds, as well as the said principal Debt now due to the said Orphans, and other Creditors, y°'r,

of the said City of London, be it further enacted, That the future Surplusses of the said Fund, so created, towards Dif-continued, and augmented, as aforesaid (after reservingfo much Money as shall be sufficient to satisfy the charge of the Interest which shall, at any Time, be due to the said Orphans, and other Creditors, of the said City, as Principal of the also to satisfy the Interest which shall, at any Time, be due on the said Sum of one hundred and forty-four 0rPhapt Debt* thousand Pounds, and the said Annuities in respect of the said Sum of one hundred and fifey-six thou- (and Pounds, shall, from time to time, by Order of the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City of London (which Order the said Court are hereby authorised and directed to make) be, by the Chamberlain of the said City for the time being, applied towards the Payment and Discharge of the Principal, as well of the said Sums of one hundred and forty-four thousand Pounds, and one hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds, as of the said Debt due to the said Orphans, and other Creditors, of the same City, in Manner following 5 that is to say. For and during the Space of four Years, to be computed from the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, towards the Payment and Discharge of the said principal Debt due to the said Orphans, and other Creditors, of the said City as aforesaid, or of so much of the said principal Debt as the said Surplusses shall, during the said four Years, amount unto; and from and after the Expiration of the said four Years, then towards the Payment and Discharge of the then of f*U feid principal Sum of one hundred and forty-four thousand Pounds* and from and after the Payment and i44»°voi

S f t # Discharge

316 C. 37.

Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

Orphans DeKr, and afterwards to iddeem tic said Annuities.

then of the Re- Discharge thereof, then towards the Payment and Discharge of so much of the said. principal Debt as shall m-under of the then remain due to the said Orphans, and other Creditors of the said City; and from and after the Payment and Discharge of the whole of such Debt, then towards Redemption of all and every the Annuities so to be granted in respect of the said Sum of one hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds: The Payment of which said several Sums, shall and may be made in such Order as the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall think fit, but within the respective Times so as aforesaid limited for the making thereof respectively.

Upon six Months

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall Notice of such give, or cause to be given, six Calendar Months Notice of their Intention to pay off such respective prin-Redcmption, cjpa| Sums, or to redeem such Annuities, to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall respectively the Money the belong at Lnd of which six Months, upon Payment or Tender of the respective Sums so due, or for InterestVAn. which such Annuities shall have been granted, to or for the Person or Persons to whom such Notice shall jiuities to cease j be given, at the Office of the Chamberlain of the said City of London, for the time being, in the Guildhall of the same City; and from thenceforth the Interest or Annuity payable to such Person or Persons, to whom such Notice and Payment or Tender shall have been so given or made as aforesaid, shall cease and but the Principal determine: Nevertheless, the Monies so tendered shall be paid to such Person or Persons, upon his, her, or to be (till pay- their Demand, and giving a Discharge for the same; and the said Debts or Sums so charged on the said able« Fund, and paid off as aforesaid, shall be annihilated.

The Surpinfies

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for and during the said Space of four Years, ro be applied fer to be computed from the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, the lh»ri nJiftcT- Surplusses arising and to arise of the said Fund, shall be applied to the respective Purposes aforesaid yearly* vnrds*half- at the End of each Year; but that from and after the Expiration of the said four Years, the said Surplufle* yearly. shall be so applied at the End of every Half Year.

Deficiencies in

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Fund shall at any Time or Times Payment of said hereafter prove insufficient to pay off and discharge the Interest of the said respective principal Debts, and inter*ft or An. Annuities so charged thereon; then, and in every such Case, and so often as the same shall happen, the Sum, which shall be wanting to complete the Payment and Discharge of such Interest and Annuities, shall be advanced and paid out of the Chamber of the said City, and be made good, and supplied out of the next Surplusses arising or to arise of the said Fund.

nuities, to be paid out of the Chamber, and supplied out of the next Surpluses

Application of the Money raised.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Sum of one hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds, so to be raised and borrowed as aforesaid, shall be issued and applied, and the same is hereby appropriated to and for the respective Uses and Purposes herein after mentioned; (that is to say) a Sum not exceeding fifty-eight thousand five hundred Pounds, Part of the said Sum of one hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds, shall be issued and applied for and towards the completing of the said intended Bridge from Black-Friars to the opposite Side in the said County of Surrey; and for or towards making, widening, enlarging, and improving. Streets, Ways, and Passages, on each Side of the said River, to and from the said Bridge, according to the Powers given to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, in and by the said Act of the twenty-ninth Year of King George the Second, or in and by this present Act: And a Sum not exceeding seven thousand five hundred Pounds, other Part of the said Sum of one hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds, shall be issued and applied for or towards defraying the Expence of embanking so much of the North Side of the said River, within the Limits aforesaid, as shall by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, be embanked by virtue of this present Act; the Residue of the said Sum of seven thousand five hundred Pounds, if any, after defraying such Expences, to be issued and applied in Mannar herein after mentioned and directed, as Part of a Fund for lighting, watching, cleansing, and repairing, the said intended Bridge when built: And a Sum not exceeding thirty thousand Pounds, other Part of the said Sum of one hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds, shall be issued and applied, in the first place, for or towards redeeming and purchasing the said Tolls, payable for the Passage over London Bridge and the Lease thereof; and the Residue shall be placed out at Interest, upon such Government or real Securities, or be laid out in the Purchase of the Freehold and Inheritance of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall seem meet, in Trust, for or towards the Uses, Intents, and Purposes, to which the said Tolls, or the Rents and Fines payable in respect thereof, are now applicable r And a. Sum not exceeding fifty thousand Pounds, other Part of the said Sum of one hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds, shall be issued and applied for or towards the pulling down the said Gaol of Newgate, and building a new Gaol instead thereof, and for or towards purchasing such Houses and Lands as shall by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, be judged necessary for the Purpose of rendering such new Gaol more airy, extensive, and commodious, or for making, widening, enlarging, or improving, any of the Streets, Ways, or Passages, adjoining or leading to the said intended New Gaol and Sessions House: And a Sum not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, Residue of the said Sum of one hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds, shall be issued and applied for or towards the immediate and substantial And to be &ppti- Repairs of the said House or Building, called The Royal Exchange: And no Part of any of the said several caMeto no other Sums shall be applicable or applied to or for any other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, than to or for, ilid Tan Sur or towards, several.Purposes to which the same are so respectively appropriated by this Act; and if any a» 1 any n Surplus shall remain of any of the said Sums, over and above what shall be applied to the several and respective Uses and Purposes aforesaid, all and every such Surplus shall be applied and appropriated for or towards the Increase of the Fund by the said Act of the fifth and sixth Years of King William and Queen Miry established, and by the said Act of the twenty-first Year of King Gmgt the Second and this present Act

phis, to be applied to increase the Fund.

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 37. 31 r

Act in Part continued and augmented as aforesaid, to and for the several Uses and Purposes thereof, by the said Acts, or any of them, respectively declared or appointed.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens shall, and they city ro pav an are hereby required, yearly and every Year, to pay, or cause to paid, to the Treasurer, for the time being, of Annuity of 8coL the Commissioners appointed by an Act of Parliament made in the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, or to be appointed by any future Act of Parliament, for paving the City and Liberty of Westminster, payment,'for the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George Bloomsbury, that Part of the whkh fee* Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn which lies in the County of Middlesex, the several Liberties of the Rolls 15 Geo. 2. c.ip, and Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which lies in the County of Middlesex, or his Assigns, 2 Geo. 3*c- 2r« one or more Annuity or Annuities, or yearly Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the yearly Sum of 3 3

eight hundred Pounds in the Whole, by equal Half-yearly Payments; that is to say, on the twenty-fifth CQ Day of March, and twenty-ninth Day of September, in every Year; the first Payment thereof to begin and j0t be made upon the twenty-fifth Day of March y which will be in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight: And that the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens shall, and they are hereby required, of4801, toward* yearly and every Year, to pay, or cause to be paid, unto the Treasurer, for the time being, of the Com- the Borough missioners appointed by an Act of the sixth year of his said present Majesty's Reign, or to be appointed by ^whichfce any future Act of Parliament for paving the Town and Borough of Southwark, and Parts adjacent, or his gg^o.V Assigns, one or more Annuity or Annuities, or yearly Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the yearly Sum of four hundred and eighty Pounds in the Whole, by like equal Half-yearly Payments; that is to say, on the twenty-fifth Day of March, and twenty-ninth Day of Sett ember, in every Year; the first Payment thereof to begin and be made on the said twenty-fifth Day of March, which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight aforesaid: Two Third Parts of which Annuity or Annuities shall be applied to the Use of the Western Division, and the other Third Part to the Use of the Eastern Division, described in the said Act.

XLyil. And be it further enacted, That for securing the Payment of the said respective Annuities to the and fa that-respective Commissioners aforesaid, in Manner above-mentioned, the said Mayor and Commonalty and Purpose to i»Tuc: Citizens shall make and execute, under the Common Seal of the said City, and deliver unto the Treasurer B°nd* "nder for the time being of the said Commissioners for paving the Streets within the City and Liberty of - *hel"Conimoa* Westminster, and Parishes adjacent, one or more Bond or Bonds (the Number thereof to be at the Option of the bea said Commissioners) and that the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens shall be therein bound to the Treasurer for the time being to the said Commissioners, in some penal Sum or Sums, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, to be paid to the said Treasurer, or his Assigns, with Condition, that such Bond or Bonds shall be void on Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities of eight hundred Pounds per Annum as aforesaid, or on Redemption of such Annuity or Annuities on the Terms and in Manner herein after expressed; and that the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens shall, in like Manner, make and execute, under the Common Seal of the said City, and deliver unto the Treasurer fof the time being of the said Commissioners for paving the Streets within the said Town and Borough of South-war ky one or more Bond or Bonds (the Number thereof to be at the Option of the said Commissioners) and that the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens shall be therein bound to the said Treasurer for the time being to the said last named Commissioners, in some penal Sum or Sums, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of twelve thousand Pounds, to be paid to the said Treasurer, or his AflTigns, with Condition, that such Bond or Bonds shall be void on Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities of four hundred and eighty Pounds per Annum as aforesaid, or on the Redemption of such Annuity or Annuities on the Terms and in.

Manner herein after expressed.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Bonds (if more than one) so to be Bonds (If more executed and delivered to the Treasurer of the said Commissioners for paving the Streets within the said than one) to be City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parishes adjacent, shall be numbered in Arithmetical Progression, beginning at Number One; and the said Bonds (if more than one) so to be executed and delivered to the Treasurer of the said Commissioners for paving the Streets within the said Town and Borough of Souti warky shall be numbered in like Manner; and all the said Bonds shall be respectively assignable by proper Inj assignablehyr Words to be written or endorsed thereon, and shall or may be fold, or disposed of, by the said Commis- Indorsemeni. sioners respectively; and the Monies arising by such Sale, and in the mean time the Annuities to arise from such Bonds, shall respectively be appropriated and applied towards the Execution of the several Trusts which the said Commissioners are or shall, by any such Act or Acts respectively, be authorised or required to execute, or cause to be executed, and to or for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XLIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Annuities shall, from Time to Time fun- Anmiitki to b«r til the Whole shall be redeemed) be redeemable by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, either icdeenubie by. wholly, or in Part, according to their numerical Order, without Preference or Partiality, upon fix Calen- the City, go. dar Months Notice for that Purpose, to be first published in the London Gazette; at the Expiration of Notice* which Time, the Proprietors of such Annuity or Annuities shall, upon delivering up to the Chamberlain of the said City of London, for the time being, at his Office in the Guildhall of the same City, the said Bond or Bonds so given for the same, be intitled to receive from the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens the Sum of one hundred Pounds, for and in full Satisfaction and Redemption of every four Pounds of such Annuity or Annuities; which Annuity or Annuities shall, from and after the End of the said: six Months, cease, and be no longer paid or payable; any Thing to be in such Bond or Bonds contained to the contrary thereof in any ways notwithstanding.

L. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Tolls which are or shall Tolls of Londo*

Payable, by virtue of any Act of Parliament or Prescription, for the Passage over London Bridge, and for 3,^ *04,

6 the

3i'S C. 37. Anno Teptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

Black Friar* the PaiPige over the said intended Bridge at Black Friars, shall have Continuance, and be paid and payable

Budge toceafe to t^e fajj Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, until they shall, by and out of the nett Produce thereof tein^reimbarfed to 31 or accrue from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and i*»id Annuities, seventy (after deducting the Charges of the Collection thereof, and the Charges which will attend the

fee, making and executing the Bonds by this Act directed to be given, and the obtaining and passing of this present Act, which they are hereby authorisetl to retain) receive and be reimbursed, all such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall have advanced in Payment of the said Annuities, or for the Redemption thereof, together with Intei clt for the Money lb advanced at and after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum\ but from and immediately after such Reimbursement shall have been made and completed, the said Tolls shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; any Law, Statute, or Prescription to the contrary thereof in any ways notwithstanding.

Ground <m-

LI. And be it further enacted, That the Ground and Soil of the said River so to be inclosed and embanked 10 veil banked, in the Front of every such respective Wharf or Ground (and which shall be bounded on the East Owner*!" and West Sides thereof by straight Lines running, at Right Angles, to and upon the said intended Front wl r Line) shall veil, and the same rs hereby vetted in the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of such adjoining Wharf or Ground, according to his, her, or their respective Effaces, Trusts, or interests therein, free from all Taxes and Assessments whatsoever.

The Ground to LIL And, in order to provide a Fund for defraying the Expences of lighting, watching, cleansing, and be embanked.by repairing, the said intended Bridge when built, be it further enacted, That the Ground and Soil of the said lhb- <Vvner?* River, which by virtue of this Act shall be so inclosed and embanked, shall from and after die twenty-J^iiurent of iq. n^nt^ Day September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, be forever subject to, and the same Foot j 4 is hereby charged with the following yearly Quit-rents; that is to say, as to so much thereof as shall be so inclosed and embanked by or at the Expence of the respective Owners or Proprietors of the adjoining If Wharfs or Grounds, to and with a yearly Quit-rent of one Farthing Sterling p>er Foot, superficial Measure,

and if by the -for every superficial Foot thereof; and as to so much of the said Ground and boil as shall oe so inclosed and City to a^Quit- embanked by Order and at the Expence of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Coun-j-ent of rd. per cjj assembled, as aforesaid, to and with a yearly Quit*rent of one Penny Sterling per Foot, superficial Mea-loot. fare, for every superficial Foot thereof; which laid yearly Quit-rents shall be, and the same are hereby

vetted in and payable to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens for ever, to and for the Uses, Intents, and Purposes, herein after mentioned, of and concerning the same; and shall be yearly paid and payable into the Receipt of the Chamber of the said City of London, upon the twenty-fifth Day of March* and twenty-ninth Day of September, in every Year, by even and equal Portions; the first of such Payments to begin and be made upon such of the said Days as shall first and next happen after such respective Embankments shall have been finiflred and completed.

Tenants by

LIII. And be it further errafted. That the said Quft-rents so charged upon, and payable in respect of, the Xeaie to pay said Ground and Soil of the said River, lying opposite and contiguous to zny Wharfs or Grounds, which, at ^uit-icntsj the Time of such respective Embankments, shall be held by any Tenant or Tenants, by virtue of or under any Lease or Leases thereof, or any Agreement or Agreements in Writing, shall, during the Continuance of the Term or Interest of such Tenant or Tenants therein respectively, be paid and payable by such Tenant or Tenants, over and above the Rents reserved and made payable by such Leafeor Leases, Agreement or Agreements, respectively.

And Incase of

LIV. Provided always, That where the said Ground and Soil of the River, opposite and contiguous to Embankment by &ny of the said Wharfs or Grounds, shall be inclosed or embanked, by or at the Charge of the Landlord tht Lan^r<’»nt® or Landlords of such Wharf or Ground respectively, the Tenant or Tenants thereof. Holding under such* AenVof 3q!°p«r Lease or Leases, Agreement or Agreements, shall, during the Continuance of his, her, or their Term or foot. 3 # Interest therein, pay unto his, her, or their respective Landlord or Landlords, over and above the said Quit-rent, and the Rent or Rents reserved and made payable by such Lease or Leases, Agreement or Agreements, an additional yearly Rent of three Farthings per Foot, superficial Measure, for every superficial Foot contained in the Ground or Soil so inclosed and embanked for him, her or them respectively; which additional Rent or Rents shall commence and take place at the same Time as the Quit-rents hereby reserved and made payable to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City are directed to take place, and shall be paid and payable, and shall and may be recovered, in such and the like Manner as the said original Rent or Rents is or are reserved and recoverable by or under such Lease or Leases, Agreement or Agreements; any Thing therein contained to the contrary thereof in any ways notwithstanding.

HVnants -ndem-

LV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases not herein before mentioned and provided ^lifted for the t for the Tenant or Tenants of any of the said Wharfs or Grounds shall and may pay into the Receipt of Payments to the the Chamber of the said City, the Quit-rent hereby made payable in respect of the Ground and Soil of-pofite and contiguous to his, her, or their respective Wharfs or Grounds, and deduct the same out of the Rent or Rents which he, she, or they, shall be liable to pay to his, her, or their respective Landlord or Landlords; and, upon Payment of such Quit-rents, shall be acquitted and discharged osso much Money as Mayor and Al- the same shall amount unto, as if the same had actually been paid to such Landlord or Landlords: And if any iWmen to deter-Difference shall arise between Landlord and Tenant, or any other Person, concerning the said Quit-rent, n ir.eDiflttcnces or any Part thereof, the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City of London shall have, and they are l^rjTnndTcnalu hereby inverted with, full Power to hear the same in a summary Way, upon Petition of either of the Par-*1 Days Notice! an(* fourteen Days Notice to the o:hcr Parties interested, and finally to determine the same.

City, in C2fs of

LVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the said yearly Quit-rent, or any Part thereof, .^on!payment.rofhali happen to be behind or unpaid, by the Space of forty Days next over or after either of the said Days pouck.herein before appointed for Payment thereof; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 3^. 31

and for the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, into and upon the Premises, in respect of which such yearly Quit-rent, or any Part thereof, shall so be in Arrear, to enter and the same to hold, use, occupy, possess, and enjoy, and the Rents and Profits thereof to take, until thereby, or otherwise, the said yearly Quit-rent so due and in Arrear for the fume, together with the Costs and Charges of such Entry and possession, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

LVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said yearly Quit-rent, by this Act reserved and made payable, and every or any Part thereof, shall be redeemable, upon TPayment to the Chamberlain cf dwn,*b the said City for the time being of the Price or Value thereof, to be computed and estimated at and after the Rate of twenty Years Purchase, together with all Arrears of the said yearly Quit-rent, to be computed pro rata to the Day of such Payment or Tender.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to Agreements vacate or set aside any Agreement which hath been, or shall be, made between the said Mayor, Alder- *,th lhe S00’* men, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or any Committee of them, or their Agent or Agents, and the Benchers of the two honourable Societies of the Middle Temple and Inner Templey or either of notW’

them, with respect to the said Embankment, or any Payment or other Matter relating thereunto; but such be vacated. Agreement or Agreements shall be duly carried into Execution; any Thing herein contained to the contrary UOtwithstanding.

LIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to take away, but their Fran-alter, or abridge, any Right, Claim, Privilege, Franchise, Exemption, or Immunity, to which the said be abridged01 Societies, or either of them, are now by Law intitled; hut the same shall remain and continue in such Forcebc n & and Eflfeft as if this Act had never been made,

LX. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies which shall be so paid for the Redemption or Pur- Redemption chafe of any Part of the said Quit-rents, and also the Residue (if any) of the said Sum of seven thousand Money and Re*-five hundred Pounds (Part of the said Sum of one hundred and fiftyfix thousand Pounds, to be borrowed r,due of la,d and raised as aforesaid) which may remain after defraying the Expence of the Embankments so to be made ou[°gt by Order of the said Mayor, Aldennen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall be placed out interest j at Interest, upon real or Government Securities, in the Name of the Chamberlain, Comptroller, and Town Clerk, of the said City for the time being: And the Interest or Dividends of the said Sums so to be placed out at Interest, which shall accrue before the said twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy; and the said Quit-rents, which in that time shall become due and payable, shall, in and said interest Rke Manner, be placed out at Interest, in addition to the said principal Sums; and the Interest or Divi- and Quic-rcJiu dends of the said accumulated Sums, together with the Quit-rents, which shall not be redeemed, and shall accrue from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy,

shall, from Time to Time, be issued and applied, and the same are hereby appropriated, to, for, or to- appropriated to wards, the lighting, watching, cleansing, and repairing, the said intended Bridge at Black Friarsy and to orth€ ,i?h.t,ng the~ for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever. ocw

LXI. And, to the End that the several Sums of Money hereby appointed and appropriated to the several Uses and Purposes herein before mentioned and prescribed, may be duly applied to such Uses accordingly, and to no other, be it further enacted, That there shall, from Time to Time, be provided and kept by the chimberiain to Chamberlain of the said City of London for the time being, one or more Book or Books of Vellum or keep Account* Parchment, in which all the Monies to be received of the said Fund, by the said Act of the fifth and sixth of Receipt* and Years of King William and Queen Mary established, and by the said Act of the twenty-first Year of King George the Second and this present Act in Part continued and augmented, shall, from Time to Time, as jaVpcftioao-the same shall be received, be entered and set down; and such Entry shall specify for what the same was received; and also one other like Book or Books, wherein the Accounts of all Payments and Disburse* ments out of the same shall be likewise entered and set down, expressing the Time when, the Occasion for which, and the Name of the Person or Persons to whom, the same were so paid and disbursed; and that the Accounts of such Receipts and Payments be audited yearly upon Oath, before one of the Auditors of the Imprest for the time being (which Oath the said Auditors respectively are hereby required to administer) between the Feast Days of Saint Michael the Archangel and Saint Thomas the Apostle; and the said Auditor shall have and receive of the Chamberlain of the said City of London for the time beingvthe Sum* of twenty Shillings, and no more, for every thousand Pounds the said Account shall amount to; which-Accounts, so audited, shall be signed by the Auditor, and be allowed also by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City of London: And there shall also be provided and kept by the said Chamberlain, one or more Book or Books of Vellum or Parchment, In which all the Monies, which by virtue of this present Act shall be raised or borrowed upon the Credit of the Fund aforesaid, shall, from Time to Time, as the same shall be received, be entered and set down; and wherein also all the Monies to be paid and > disbursed out of the Monies to be received (half, from Time to Time, be entered and set down; and such

Entry shall express the Time when, the Occafi ns for whic h, and the Names of the Persons to whom, the same shall be so paid; the Account of which said last mentioned Receipts and Payments shall be yearly ' audited and allowed by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled: And there shall also be provided and kept by the said Chamberlain one or more Book or Books of Vellum or Parchment, in which all the Monies to be received from any of the Tolls which from and after the said; twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventy, shall be payable for the Passage over London Bridge, or for the Passage of the said intended Bridge at Black Friarsy shall, from Time to Time, as the same shall be received, be entered and set down; and wherein also all the Monies to be paid 1 or disbursed of the Monies so received shall, from Time to Time, be entered and set down; and such Err--icy shall express the Times when, the Occasions fox which, ami the Names of the Persons to whom, the

fjunev

320

C. 37.

Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

fame shall be so paid; the Account of which last mentioned Receipts and Payments shall be yearly audited and allowed by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City; and the said several Books (halt remain in the Chamber of the said City of London, to be perused and inspected gratis by any Person or Persons at any Time or Times (Sundays or other Holidays excepted) in the Forenoon, between the Hours of ten and twelve.

Common Coon.

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said cii iropowered ^|ayor. Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby authorised and ini-powered, from Time to Time, to nominate and appoint such and so many Clerks and other Officers under them as shall be necessary to be employed in or about the Execution of all or any the Purposes aforesaid; and out of the said Monies to be raised by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, to make such Allowances to the said Clerks and Officers respectively, for their Care and Pains in the Execution of their respective Offices, as they shall think reasonable; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any

to appoint Officer!.

Offiem concern*

way

Monies.

City answerable ift case of any mi (application by them.

Amerciaments,

rays notwithstanding.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Officer and Officers, or other Person or Persons ^MonCRe» pt w^alever> concerned, or to be concerned, in the Receipt of any of the Sums of Money by this Act appro-tjive Security, priated to the Uses aforesaid, before he or they shall be admitted to take upon him or them the Execution of any of the said Office or Offices, shall be bound with sufficient Sureties to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, for the just and faithful Execution of such Office or Employment, in such reasonable Sum or Sums as by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall be thought fitting, having regard to the Trust reposed, or to be reposed, in such Officer or Officers.

Penalty on Offi-

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Chamberlain of the said City of London, or other Officer ccrsmisapplying or Person aforesaid, shall, after Receipt of any of the said Monies, divert or misapply the same, or any any of the said part thereof, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; then such Chamberlain or other Officer, or Person aforesaid, so diverting or misapplying the said Money, shall forfeit Treble the Sum so misapplied; which said Forfeitures shall be recovered by any of the said Orphans and other Creditors of the said City, claiming under or by virtue of the said Act of the fifth and sixth Years of King William and Queen Mary, or by the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, of any of them, who shall sue for the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, wherein noEftoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Sums by this Act appropriated, or any Part thereof, shall happen to be misapplied or converted to any other Use than as aforesaid, by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of London, for the time being, or any of their Officers, or any other rer-fori, by Colour of any Warrant or Authority by, from, or under them; then, and in such Case, the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens shall be answerable for the same, out of the Revenues of the said Corporation, in any Action to be brought by any of the said Creditors, their Executors, Admini-. strators, or Assigns; which said Sum so recovered shall be applied to the same Uses as the same Sums (if tiot misapplied) should or might have been 3 excepting the Costs of Suit, which shall be to and for the Benefit of him, her, or them, u> suing.

LXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Amerciaments, Fines, Issues, or Distresses, ciV 7oTeVhH- the said Corporation of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, had, charged, or levied, in

cable to the Uses or upon account of such Suits or Actions brought, shall be applied to the Uses aforesaid, and to no other of this Art, Use whatsoever; nor shall the same be pardoned, acquitted, or discharged, by any Letters of Signet, Privy end not to be Seal of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or otherwise howsoever; any Law or Usage to the contrary di (charged, &c. notwithstanding.

Chamberlain to

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Chamberlain of the said City of London, for the time lay Accounts be- being, shall, within the first Session of the next Parliament, lay before each House of Parliament an Account of the Surplus which shall have arisen between the twenty-fourth Day of June9 one thousand seven annua y. hundred and sixty-seven, and twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year one thousand seven hundred and, fixry-eight, cf and from the said Fund established by the said Act of the fifth and sixth Years of King William and Queen Mary, and in Part further continued and augmented by the said Act of the twenty-first Year of King George the Second and this present Act, and how much of the said Surplus shall have been applied to the Payment of the said respective Principal Sums, and how much of such Principal Sums shall then remain unpaid; and also, an Account of the Disbursements within that Time of the said Sum of oqe hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds, or of so much thereof as shall have then been raised and borrowed; and also an Account of the Receipts of, and Payments out of the said Tolls, within the same Time; and shall, in each succeeding Year, lay before each House of Parliament, the like Accounts for the Year ending the twenty-ninth Day of September then last past.

Bonds, &c,

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Bond, Note, Contract, Agreement, AC-

directej by this signment, Entry, Copy, or Proceeding, by this Act directed or authorised to be executed, made, or given, fbic wTih^nyC charged or chargeable, or subject or liable to any Duty whatsoever.

Duty.

Tins Art not to

LXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be assert any of the construed to extend, to lessen or affect the Security of any of the present Creditors of the said Mayor and City s present Commonalty anc| Citizens, further or otherwise, than is herein exprefily directed and enacted.

LXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action shall be brought, or Suit commenced against any Person or Persons for any T hing done in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to the Premisses, or any of them, every such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought within six Calendar Months next after the Fad done, and shall be laid or brought in the said City of London, and not

elsewhere;

Creditors Limitation of Actions.

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 38. 321

*1fewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action, may plead the General Issue, and give this Oeneri! Jflae. Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be brought within the Time before limited, or shall be brought in any other City, County, or Place, than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or' if the Plaintiff or Party shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Actions, or if Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the said Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath Treble Colb. or have for Costs in other Cases by Law.

LXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be allowed in all Publick Afc. Courts whatsoever, as a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, or other Persons, are hereby required ta take Notice thereof as such, without (pedal Pleading.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign* of King George the Second, for Encouragement of the Arts of Designing, Engraving, and Etching, Historical and other Prints; and for vetting in^ and securing to, Jane Hogarth)

Widow, the Property in certain Prints.

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Preamble, reclta

y V King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Arts of Designing, Engra- Act % Go0.

ving, and Etchings Historical and other Prints^ by vesting the Properties thereof in the Inventors and En- *c*1

gravers, during the Time therein mentioned, has been found ineffectual for the Purposes thereby intended

be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of January, one thou fared seven hundred and sixty-seven, all Ttaorigtnil T*

*nd every Person and Persons who shall invent or design, engrave, etch, or work in Mezzotinto or Chiaro *cntOT*»

Ofcuro, or, from his own Work, Design, or Invention, shall cause or procure to be deiigned, engraved, ctched, or worked in Mezzotint0 or Chiaro Ofcuro, any Historical Print or Prints, or any Print or Prints tv^7cai othi tof any Portrait, Conversation, Landscape, or Architecture, Map, Chart, or Plan, or any other Print or Prints, and fuefc Prints whatsoever, shall have, and are hereby declared to have, the Benefit and Protection of the said who fiuii cause Act and this Act, under the Restrictions and Limitations herein after-mentioned, frinU'obfdon*

from World, See. of their owo invention,

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of and also such n January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, all and every Person and Persons who shall engrave, cagI^e> etch, or work in Mezzotinto or Chiaro Ofcuro, or cause to be engraved, etched, or worked, any Print, taken from any Picture, Drawing, Model, or Sculpture, either ancient or modern, shall have, and are piaUrc, Draw-hereby declared to have, the Benefit and Protection of the said Act, and this Act, for the Term herein Ing, Model, o* fter-mentioned, in like Manner, as if such Print had been graved or drawn from the Original Design of Sculpture; am such Graver, Etcher, or Draftsman; and if any Person shall engrave, print, and publish, or import for Sale, any Copy of any such Print, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this and the said former teaionof therti Act, every such Person shall be liable to the Penalties contained in the said Act, to be recovered as therein cited and present $nd herein after b mentioned Act; smdtho(c

who shall engrave or import for Sale, Copies of such Prints, are liable to Penalties.

III. And whereas William Hogarth, late of the City of Westminster, Painter and Graver, did etch and The foie Ri^ht

engrave, and cause to be etched and engraved, several Prints from his own Invention and Design. the of Pr,ntin«

Property and foie Right of vending all such Prints, being secured to him the said William Hogarth for the Term of fourteen Years from their first Publication, by the said former Act of Parliament; which garth’s Prints,

said Property, by his last Will, became vested in his Widow and Executrix: And whereas since the first Publication of several of the said Prints, the Term of fourteen Years is expired, and several base Copies of the same have been since printed and published, whereby the Sale of the Originals has been considerably lessened, to the great Detriment of the said Widow and Executrix: And whereas since the Publication of others of the said Prints, the Term of fourteen Years is now near expiring ;* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Jane Hogarth, Widow and Executrix of the said William Hogarth, shall ,n have the foie Right and Liberty of printing and reprinting all the said Prints, Etchings, and Engravings, ^Ufor tht of the Design and Invention of the said William Hogarth, for and during the Term of twenty Years, to Tcr^ °/ao* commence from the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven; and that all Years, and every Person and Persons who shall at any Time hereafter, before the Expiration of the said Term Penalty of copy, of twenty Years, engrave, etch, or work in Mezzotinto or Chiaro Ofcuro, or otherwise copy, fell, or °*.

expose to Sale, or cause or procure to be etched, engraved, or worked in Mezzotinto or Chiaro Ofcuro, Elation of any of the said Works of the said William Hogarth, shall be liable to the Penalties and Forfeitures con- thcuud Tcripj Sained in this and the said former Act of Parliament; to be reC0YQ(6d iljl ljfrg Manner as in and by this and the said former Act are given, directed and appointed.

Vol.X. T t IV. Pro-

Penalties may be sued for as by the tccitrd Act is di rafted 5 and be recovered with full Costs;

provided the Prosecuton be com xnenced within 6

322 C. 39, Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

fich Copiesex-

IV. Provided nevertheless, That the Proprietor or Proprietors of such of the Copies of the said William c.*pted as were Hogarth's Works, which have been copied and printed, and exposed to Sale, after the Expiration of the fed *nsaCie af crm of fourteen Years from the Time of their first Publication by the said William Hogarth, and before ter the Term of ^a,t* ^aY J^nuctr}\ ft* alt not he liable or subject to any of the Penalties contained in this Act i 14 Years, for any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

which the said Works were first licensed, &c.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Penalties and Penalty inflicted by the said Act, and extended, and meant to be extended, to the several Cases comprised in this Act, shall and may be sued for and recovered in like Manner, and under the like Restrictions and Limitation?, as in and by the said Act is declared and appointed; and the Plaintiff or common Informer, in every such Action (in case such Plaintiff or common Informer shall recover any of the Penalties incurred by this or the said former Act) shall recover the same, together with his Full Costs of Suit.

VI. Provided also, That the Party prosecuting shall commence his Prosecution within the Space of six Calendar Months after the Offence committed.

Month* after the Fast.

The Right in-

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the foie Right and Liberty of printing tended to be fe- and reprinting intended to be secured and protected by the said former Act and this Act, shall be extended, cored by this and continued, and be vested in the respective Proprietors, for the Space of twenty-eight Years, to commence ▼efted^the from Day of the first publishing of any of the Works respectively herein before and in the said former Proprietors for Ad mentioned.

She Term of 18 Years from the first Publication.

Limitation of

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall beeora-Actions. menced or brought against any Person or Persons whatsoever, for doing, or causing to be done, iny Thing in pursuance of this Act, the same shall be brought within the Space of six Calendar Months after the Fad committed; and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit shall or may plead the Gtacral IflUe. General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence; and if, upon such Action or Suit, a Verdict shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited, or difeon-tinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, then the Defendant or Defendants shall have and recover Full Full tofts. Costs j for the Recovery whereof he shall have the same Remedy as any other Defendant or Defendants* in any other Case, hath or have by Law.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Parish Poor Children, of the several Parishes therein mentioned, within the Bills of Mortality.

FrewnWc.

C \X WHEREAS wou^ greatly tend to the Preservation of the Lives of the Infant Parish Poor of th0 several Parishes hereafter mentioned, and be of public Utility, if the Officers of such Parishc* were compelled by Law to fend such Infant Poor into the Country, to be nursed, for a certain Time; o V an<* ProPer Persons appointed Guardians in each Parish, to insped into the Management and Usage of

2 y&if 3 eje* such Infants: And whereas the keeping Registers of such Infant Poor, until they shall respectively arrive ' ' 4 at the Age of fourteen Years, be placed out Apprentice, or other wise disposed of, would be it further

Means of preserving the Lives of such Infants May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be

enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-ChTTdr«n born thority of the same, That all and every Child and Children who, on or before the first Day of July, one in, orirerived thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, was.or were born in, or received into, any Workhouse or hi!p!nfh- Par‘lh-house; or which shall thereafter be born in any Workhouse or Parish-house, or received by any within Select Vestries, Governors, Directors, or Managers, appointed for the Management of Parochial Affairs, the icUr.l Pa- or by any Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, or other Officer or Officers authorised by the several fiO>M here men-Parishes following, or any of them, respectively; that is to say, The seventeen Parishes without the lionet, are to be Walls of London; the twenty-three Parishes of Middlesex and Surrey, bein^ within the Bills of Mortality, ta!c/n laTe of as nn^ Liberty of the Tower of London; and the ten Parishes within the City and Liberty of Westminster;

follow?, viz.’ lh-ill be nursed and taken care of in Manner as hereafter mentioned.

Such *.f them as

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Children, under the Age of areundrr6 Years flx Years, who, upon the said first Day of July, shall be under the Care of Vestries, Governors, Di-rct^')rs* or Managers of the Poor, or Parish Officers, shall, within fourteen Days after the said Time, be tr^noUc(Tnun ^cnt 'nto the Country, to a Distance not less than three Miles from any Part of the Cities of London and 3 Miles eff; I’Vjlminster; there to be nursed and maintained at the Charge of their respective Parishes. those under a ill. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Children who shall, from and Year*, not such- aft:r the said first Day of July, be born in, or shall be received into, Workhouses or Parish-houses belonged by the Mo- ing to the said Parishes, not being suckled by the Mother, under the Age of two Years, shall, within tlTn Tourteen Days after their Birth or Reception, be sent into the Country, to a Distance not less than five

«nA\hok above’ Mi!cs from any Part of the said Cities of London or Westminster; and all Children received into such and under 6 Workhouses cr Parish-houses above the Age of two Years, and under the Age of six Years* shall, within

fourteen

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 39- 323

fourteen Drrvs after their Reception, be sent into the Country, to a Distance not less than three Miles Year* of As*> from any Part of the said Cities of London or West nun ster \ there to be nursed and maintained in Manner kfl^an herein alter directed. '

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the Nursing and Maintenance of Weekly Rateiu each Child fu put out as aforesaid, the respective bums following shall be paid; that is to faj, For NurAa

first six Years of their Age, a Sum not less than two Shillings and six Pence; and from that Time until Mainrfining such Child shall be put out Apprentice, or return to the Workhouse, a Sum not less than two Shillings till apprenticed, per Week; and shall also, over and above the said Charge of nursing and maintaining each Child, pay to ortciurneatotht every Nurl# who shall have received any Child of or under the Age of nine Months (the said Child being Workhouse. olive, and having been treated properly, and to the Satisfaction of the Guardians hereafter mentioned, or the major Part of them, all'embled at any Meeting appointed by this Act) after having been under her for iheirCare. Care twelve Months, a Sum not lese than ten Shillings, as a Reward for her Pains and Care taken in the Nursing of such Child: And the Governors, Directors, Managers, or Overseers of the Poor, of the Cloathing to be respective rarishes from whence such Children shall be so sent to nurse, shall find good, proper, and furmshed, and sufficient Cloathing for each and every of them respectively; and shall defray the Expences of Conveyance, Sfnui'EVjInces Medicines, Burials, and all other necessary Expences incurred on account of the said Children; and (kali ^e(raycc by the keep, in a Boole or Books to be provided for that Purpose, separate, regular, and exact Accounts of all Piiiih; and <e-expences incurred in relation thereto. Account*

to be kept there*

V. And, in order the more effectually to guard against a]l dangerous Consequences which may arise to of the said Children from false Parsimony, Negligence, Inadvertency, or the annual Change of Parish Officers, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That five Noblemen or Gentlemen, Inhabitants of Five GuaHun* each Parish, shall, within fourteen Days after the said first Day of July\ be appointed and chosen, under p^\^X?ca the Title or Denomination of Guardians of the Parish Poor Children; two or more of which said Guar- t/be chokxu* dians shall be chosen out of the Select Vestry, or out of the Governors, Directors, or Managers, of the

Poor of each Parish; and, where there is no Select Vestry, Governors, Directors, or Managers, then the said five Guardians to be chosen and appointed out of the Noblemen and Gentlemen Inhabitants of each Parish; and the Election to be made upon Tuesday9 or some other Day in Easter Week, by the Inha*

bitants having Right to assemble in Vestry: And in case there shall be no Noblemen or Gentlemen, or

rot be a sufficient Number of such Noblemen or Gentlemen who will accept of the Office of Guardians;

then the said Guardians, or so many as shall be wanting to make up the Number of five, shall be chosen

out of the principal and most rdjpestable Inhabitants: And if any of the Parties so chosen shall refuse to where anyshall

a*, or shall afterwards resign their Guardianship, or shall die j that then, and in either of the said cases, rcfufc to act, or

a further Choice shall be made in the same Manner as before-mentioned, within fourteen Days after such Jail rJr, B7»or

Refusal, Resignation, or Death, of so many as shall be naceflary to complete the Number* Choice to be*

made.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Noblemen, Gentlemen, or prin- First Guardians cripal Inhabitants, who shall, in Consequence of th)i Act, be first chosen and appointed Guardians of the to continue in Parish Poor Children, shall continue and remain in their respective Offices till the Day in Easter Week, °mct c,a lbc in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy, of the Inhabitants meeting for the Choice of Guar- car 17701 <Kans as aforesaid 5 and that the Guardians then chosen, or at any Time thereafter to be chosen, shall Futore Gulr: remain in their respective Offices for the Term of three Years then next ensuing: And that all Appoint- in*1* Brents of Guardians in future shall be once in three Years only) except in Cases of Death, Resignation, office." " m Refusal as aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, That no Churchwarden, or Overseer of the Poor, shall be elected into the said Chorchwydent Office of a Guardian.

being cle&ed Guardians.

Vin. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Guardians, or anyone of Power *nd Duty them, shall have free Admittance to viftt and fee the said Parish- Poor Children, and inform themselves of GuIrd!li,* fully concerning their State and Condition; and the said Guardians shall also have full Liberty to examine, and have free Access to, all Registers, Books, and Accounts, relating to the said Children: And in case, of any Neglect or improper Conduct, whereby the Life or Health of a Child may appear to the said Guardians, or to any one of them, to be in Danger, to report the same to the Select Vestry, Governors,

Directors, or Managers, or to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor: And if the said Vestry, Go- Bviiicombine!

vernors, Directors, or Managers, Churchwardens, or Overseers, or some or one of them, do not take the of

most efficacious Measures to remedy the Evil complained of; that then it shall be lawful tQ and for the to run

said Guardians, or any one of them, to inform one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and

give Evidence of the rafts 5 and the said Justice or Justices of the Peace is and are hereby impowered to

give such Orders and Directions therein, as he or they shall think most proper.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Guardians shall be summoned, by the Vestry Clerk, at A Meeting «f Icaft once in six Weeks, to meet at the Vestry-room, or where there is no Vestry-room, in other con-CuaHiant venient Place 5 and two of the said Guardians shall make a {torttm, either of them having the Liberty of calling in one of the Churchwardens or Overseers; and when only one of the said Guardians is present,*7 he shall have the Liberty of calling in two of the Churchwardens or Overseers, who shall attend him Quorum, accordingly; and when any Number of the said five Guardians shall meet, they shall have the Liberty of Powfr ^jvert calling in two of the Churchwardens or Overseers, as the Majority of them shill think proper. them #r

jointly, to call in the Church war J«ni cn G vc/fccri.

324. C. 39. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

X. And whereas iri many Parishes the said Select Vestries, Governors, Directors, or Managers, Churchwardens, or Overseers of the Poor, may find it inconvenient and difficult, through want of regular Correspondence with proper Persons in the Country, to supply them with Nurses, and also to take the

Charge of inspecting Nurseries in such a Manner as shall prove effectual to the Preservation of the "Liberty granted,4 Lives of the said Children;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Select

PcwCbit^cn*11 ^e^r*es> Governors, Directors, or Managers, Churchwardens, or Overseers of the Poor, shall be at under 6 Years* Liberty to fend their said Parish Poor Children, or any of them, being under the Age of six Years as afore-f Agetothe said, to the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of Exposed and Deserted Young Children; and Foundling Hof- it shall and may be lawful to and for the Governors and Guardians of the said Hospital for the time jutai, upon such being, to receive such Children: And the said Select Vestries, Governors, Directors, Managers, Church-heT^ccd on 1 warcJens> or Overseers of the Poor, are hereby impowered to agree with the said Governors and Guardians agTcc on 1 for t^at purpose^ Upon such Terms, and in such Manner, as wall be adequate to the Support and Maintenance of each Child.

The charge to

XI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Terms so agreed upon, and the Sums be defrayed out agreed to be paid for the Admission, Maintenance, and Education, of such Parish Poor Children as shall RatctC-F0°r be sent to the said Hospital, shall be paid by the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor for the time being, and7f not duly out of the Poors Rate of each Parish respectively: And in case any Sum or Sums of Money agreed between paid, the said Seledf Vestries, Governors, Directors, or Managers, Churchwardens, or Overseers, and the

Governors and Guardians of the said Hospital, or any five of them in Committee, shall not be paid, by such Overseer or Overseers, to the Person or Persons who shall be authorised by the said Governors and any Justicemiy Guardians to receive the same; it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more of his Majesty's Jammon the Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Middlesex or Surrey, the City and Liberty of Westminster, or order immediate Liberties of the Tower Hamlets, respectively, to summon the Overseer or Overseers who shall refuse or Payment^with neglect to make such Payment, and to order immediate Payment to be made of so much as shall appear the charge* in- to such Justice or Justices to be due, together with such Costs and Charges as may have been incurred by curred; and on the said Governors and Guardians in consequence of such Refusal or NegletSl: And if the Overseer or Refuiai, may Overseers shall refuse or neg!e£b to obey the Order of such Justice or Justices, the Sum directed to be paid b thereby shall be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Overseer or Overseers*

S«ie. f together with the Costs attending such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner. ThcDcath, Dif-

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at the Time of the Death, Discharge, charge, or AP- or Apprenticeship, of any such Parish Poor Child, a Certificate thereof shall be sent, by the Secretary of °[ the said Governors and Guardians, to the Vestry Clerk, or Overseers of the Poor, of such Parish to which feid Child did belong.

Vestry Cieik of the Parish.

Hospital Ac*

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Hospital Account shall be kept ount to ke kept with each Parish distinct, in a proper Book or Books, with marginal Columns, according to the Schedule ^chPanfl>annexed, marked (A); and that such Book or Books, or true Copies thereof, shall be signed by the Secretary of the Hospital-

XIV. And whereas it often disturbs the Peace of Domestic Life, checks Marriage, and discouraget € Industry, to place out Boys to the Age of twenty-four Years / therefore, in order to remedy the same, farlfli children, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to place or bind out Boys as and Foandiingi, Well as Girls Apprentices, by the Fefpeflive Partth Officers for the time being, and also by the Governors for nofraore Ced anc* Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of Exposed and Deserted Young Chil-ihao 7 Years, f°T the Term of seven Years, or till they shall attain their respective Ages of twenty-one Years,

r till 21 Yean and no longer.

XV. And whereas the Sums of twenty Shillings to forty Shillings, now usually given with a Child placed out by the Parishes, are by no means adequate to the procuring such Matters and Mistresses as are in general fit and proper: And whereas there is a general Neglect in the Moral and Religious Instru&ron of Apprentices; and some pecuniary Encouragement may excite Matters and Mistresses to discharge theia Duty in this Respect, towards young Persons who are thus intruded to their Care ;* be it therefore Apprentice Fee further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of July, one thousand ottobe ief» seven hundred and sixty-seven, no such Parish Child shall be bound out an Apprentice with a Sum less and than four Pounds two Shillings as an Apprentice Fee; forty Shillings whereof to be paid to the Maftes two Pavxnints. or Mistress within seven Weeks after executing the Indentures, and the remaining forty-two Shillings to be paid after such Apprentice shall have served three Years of his or her Apprenticeship.

Act a Geo. 3. 4

XVI. And whereas the Act of the Second of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the keeping regular, uniform, and annual Registers, of all Parish Poor Infants under a certain Age within the Bills of Mortality, requires no Account of the Children after the Age of four Years;* be it therefore further Particular Re- enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Vestries, Governors, Directors, Managers, Over-gintrs to be pro* seers of the Poor, or other Officer or Officers, of the several and respective Parishes herein before-men-vided by each tioned, or some or one of them, shall, and they are hereby directed and required, on or before the said jngas thiyTomc to provide, or cause to be provided, at the Expence of their respective Parishes wherein

within 1 he fol- there i$ or shall be a Workhouse, Hospital, or other House or Place provided for the Maintenance of 'Wing Dcfcxip- the Poor, a Book of Royal Paper, which shall be ruled with distinct Columns, and the Title of each Co-fcoo, iumn shall be wrote or printed in such Page agreeable to the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (B);

and the Book belonging to each respective Parish, wherein there is not nor shall be any such Workhouse, Hospital-house, or Place* shall ia every Pa«e be ruled with distinct Columns, and the Title of each Co-

lumn

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. C. 39. 325

lumn shall be wrote or printed in such Page agreeable to the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (CJ; any Thing in the said Act of the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be mentioned, at the Entire be rr a to Foot of each Register, the gross Number of the Children, remaining in the Hands of Mothers, who have at the Foot of been relieved by the respective Parities during the Course of the Year, not entered in the Register; and CJC1‘ Rc®1tcr* the Number of such who are known to be remaining alive.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Abstract of the Register of the Form of the Ab-

said Infant Poor shall be according to the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (D.) flrud t,nh= Rc-

0 \ / gllicr ol t^c ]n.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Names of all the Parish Poor M^neVof cor*. Children who shall be alive, under the Care of any Governors, Directors, Managers, Churchwardens, or dating their Overseers of the Poor, on the first Day of July next ensuing, shall be entered in the said Registers, and Regifors.

shall be continued on, and transferred from Year to Year, in the said Register, till their Death, or Discharge to Parents or Friends, or till they are respectively placed out Apprentice; and that the Day of placing them out, and the Time of their Servitude, shall be entered in the said Registers as above-mentioned.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a full Lift of all Apprentices placed Annual Lirt t* out by the respective Parishes shall be made out by the Vestry Clerks, or other proper Officer, and deli- bc

vered, in the Month of February in every Year, to the Company of Parish Clerks; the same to be written chVi'irtnlp-on Royal Paper according to the Schedule annexed, marked (E), to be bound up and depofrted by the pren'icej/^and

Company of Parish Clerks; and the said Company shall make out an Abstract thereof, distinguidiing the <id:v<rci\.» the

Number placed out from each Parish, and how many of them were born in the Workhouse or Parish- Company <»'*-house, and shall cause the same to be printed; and shall fend fix fair Copies of the said Abstract to each c

ft*. 25%22?

and delivered to each Rariil.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the first annual Register of the Res;ners said Infant Poor, and also the first annual Lists of Apprentices, hereby intended and directed to be kept, L,n*10 com~ s shall commence on the said first Day of July, and shall end on the thirty-first Day of December ensuing;

and, after that Time, the said annual Register and Lifts shall commence the first Day of January, and certain Time, end the thirty-first Day of December following.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Expences incident to and attend- General Evening the Nursing, Maintenance, Education, placing out Apprentice, or otherwise relating to the Matters <* other-hertcin contained, the Manner whereof is not herein particularly ordered and directed, uiall bc paid out for

of the Monies arising from the Poors R^es of the respective Parrfhes wherein such Expences shall f00urJ be incurred. Katcs.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Churchwarden, Overseer of on^y on Pa-the Poor, Vestry man. Clerk of the Vestry, Matter of the Workhouse, Matter or Warden of such Com- rirtiOrficrrsai* pany of Parish Clerks, or any Clerk of such Company, or any other Person or Persons, shall neglect his others, negua. Duty as directed in and by this Act; such Churchwarden, Overseer of the Poor, Clerk of the Vestry, or lnEthcu Matter of the Workhouse, Master or Warden of such Company of Parish Clerks, or such Clerk of such Company, Person or Persons, shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay to the Informer the Sum of five

Pounds; to be recovered before any two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of the Offender, by virtue of a Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the Justices before whom the same shall be recovered, directed to any Constable or other Peace Officer; and if there shall be any Overplus of the said Forfeiture, the same shall be returned to the Owner, after the Charges of such Distress and Sale shall be deduced.

[Publick Act.]

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, a Publick Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and

other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

326 C. 39. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

SCHEDULE A.

Account of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of Exposed and Deserted Young Children, with the Parish of ________ (according to an Act of Parliament of the Seventh of his Majesty King George the Third) of the Infant Parish Poor received by the said Hospital.

o

(Q

N‘

CD

Q.

CT

When received into the Hospital.

o

o

rT

Number in the Hospital Register.

Male

M.

Female

F.

Name.

If Legitimate or Parochial P If Illegitimate I. IfCafual C. If Foundling F.

When born or Age when received in the Work-house If born - B

j_______L

When sent to Nurse.

Inspector’s Name and Parish.

Nurse’s Name and Parish.

Price of nursing er. eek.

L s. d.

Reward to the

Nurses for their Care.

d.

If returned from Nurse to the Hospital. When.

If has had the Small Pox.

When.

If died, when, and of what di temper.

If apprenticed out, or put to Service, claimed, or discharged, when, and the Page in the Register of Apprentices.

3

3

O

?r>

ns

r-r

3

o

O

w

O

5*

O

o

SCHEDULE B.

Annual Register of the Par’dh Poor Children, until they are Apprenticed out from the Day of

to the 31ft Day of December of the Parish of (where there is a Workhouse

or Parish House) according to the Acts of Parliament of the Second and Seventh of his Majesty King George the Third.

o

CQ

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

cS

?T

H

o

Name of the

Child.

If a Found- 7 F. ling mark j If a Bast. - B. If a Casual. C If the same ChilJ is taken a Second Time, mark the Second Entry of the Name — 2

If a Third Time — 3

Age real or reputed at the Time when received.

Years Y Mon. M Days-D.

r. m.d.

If born in the Workhouse, when.

If not born in the Workhouse, when admitted*

If Money received with any Child, what Sum (such Sum not to be transferred from Year to Year.)

d.

When died in the

Work-

house.

h-f

When

sent

from the

Workhouse, and by whom nursed till sent

Children ^ent tofrom the

What

Work

When

If discharged

paft6Yr.|the Parish, to

of Age Hospi- whom

are em- tal for deliver-

ployed in Expo- ed, and

xe ned and where li-

If "n Defer-read - r ' j

Ifcanfayj

Children.

his or heri^®

Pray, q (if both - r. p.

ving.

If removed or paired, to what Place.

Nurse’s Name, to whom delivered to be nursed.

If a Wet) Nurse fW. mark j If a Dry Nurse

- D

If a Nurse dies or is changed, write the Na. of the new Nurse under the former.

If nursed") by the(M Mother, f M* mark J

Place where the Nurse p lives, in e

Placefor ll' Reward to

near what Sign, so as to be found.

Nurses.

tf

If died at Nurse When.

to

If paft6 Year: of Age, and brought the Workh mark W If discharged mention to whom, and where living if apprenticed, mention Folio of the Register of Apprentices.

SCHEDULE

An Abstract of the Ar

The Names of Parishes, and where situated.

Number transferred from theprece ding Year

N. B Where there is a Work-house, it is*

Born in Received

the into the

Work- Work-

house or house or

Parish- Parish-

house. house. -

- '

Total born and

received.

Of whom were u these Ages

M

09

3-

O

Kema alive the ountry,

o

c

3

Cu

r»

O =r£J

?5

s-

n

c

by

out, or put out to Service.

A.D. 1767. Anno icptimo Georgii III. SCHEDULE

Rcglfler of the Apprentices placed ouf by the Parish of

to the 31ft Day of December of the second and seventh of his Majesty King George the Third.

C. 4®* 3*7

E

from the

of

according to the Acts of Parliament

Name of the Apprentice. When born or received. If born in the Workhouse or Parish-house, B. Age when received, in Year*, Months and Days. - When placed out Apprentice. Name of the Person to whom p faced out* What Trade or Business. Where living, Street, Sign, or other Distinction. Age when placed out, in Years, and Months. For what Time placed out. Apprentice Fee paid do* a. When the additional Fee it paid down,

Y. M. L). 1 Y. M.

CAP. XL

An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in Amended by being for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom and for other Purposes therein Le^oVo!^ mentioned. c. 4*.

WHEREAS the Laws for the general Regulation of the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom are Preamble*

very numerous, and in some Respects ineffectual: And whereas the good Purposes thereby intended might be better effected, if the said Laws were intirely repealed, and one Law made for carrying € such Purposes into Execution Wherefore, for Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the AJvice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and Five or mor* may be lawful to and for all Commissioners and Trustees appointed, or who shall hereafter be appointed, Trustees for by any Act or Acts of Parliament for the Repair of any Turnpike Road within that Part of Great Britain Turnpike called England^ or any five or more of them, at a General Meeting, if they shall think proper, at any or si many Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, as they have eretted or shall crest for the receiving of any Toll or "^0* to* Tolls, or upon any Part of the Road within their respective Jurisdictions, and at such a Difiance from any ered Weighing. Turnpike-bar or Toll-gate as they respectively shall think requisite and expedient, to order and cause to Engines $ be built or erected any Crane, Machine, or Lngine, which they shall judgeproper for the weighing of *nd*° make or* Uarts, Waggons, or other Carriages, for the conveying of any Goods or Merchandize whatever; and cVrrur/thercf by Writing hgned by them, or any five or more of them, to order all and every or any such Carriage or at. and taking Carriages, which shall pass through any such Gate or Bar, to be weighed, together with the Loading 20V additiooak thereof; and for them, or any five or more of them, or for any Person or Persons impowered by any five Tolls ter »il or more of them, to receive and take, over and above the Toll already granted or hereafter to be granted, ^hcttanjlr the Sum of twenty Shillings for every hundred Weight which every Waggon or Four Wheeled Carriage weiph^nj (not having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of nine Inches) together with above-60c. \vt. the Loading thereof, shall weigh over and above the Weight of sixty hundred; and the like Sum of twenty and fur ail Broad Shillings for every hundred Weight which every Waggon or Four Wheel Carii.ige, having the Sole or Four Warded bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gage of nine Inches, together with the Loading thereof, shall weigh over and above the Weight of fix Tons; and the like Sum of twenty Shillings for for every hundred Weight which every Cart or Two Wheeled Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the u c\ms, ori *0 Kellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or G^gc of nine Inches, together w:th the Loading thereof, shall Wkecied c<r-weigh over and.above the Weight of three I ons: Which laid additionll Toll or Duty, hereby granted tn

anil made pavabie, shall and m to be LvieJ and recovered upon any Person liable thereto in any of the CaiVs aforesaid, or his or her Goods or Chattier, who Hull, after Demand made thereof, refuse or neglect 3 Tons ^tob# so p *v the same, in such Manner as any other Toll or Duty, payable at the same Turnpike-gate or Bar, levied a* the is or fhn.ll be by Law to be levied and recovered; and the Money anting from such additional Duty, shall be oiler Tolls an* appikd to the Repair of the Turnpike Road where the same shall be collected. applied m Rc-

s II. Provided

C. 4» Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

The above Re-

II. Provided always, That the Regulations herein before-mentioned shall not extend, or be deemed of gularions not to construed to extend, to any Waggons or Wains having the Axle-tree6 thereof of such different Lengths, f'onT&c. com- t*iat Distance from Wheel to Wheel of the narrower Pair of the said Wheels be not more than four ing within the* Feet two Inches, to be measured at the Ground; and that the Distance from Wheel to Wheel of the IMcriptioa other Pair thereof be such, that the Fore and Hind Wheels of such Waggons and Wains shall roll only1 here mea- one single Surface or Path of sixteen Inches wide at the least, on each Side of the said Waggons or tioned: Wains, and having the Fellies thereof of the Breadth of nin^ Inches from Side to Side at the Bottom or

Particular Prt- Sole thereof; but that the same shall pass upon any Turnpike Road, and through any Toll-gate or Bar within one hundred Miles from Lonclony upon paying only so much of the Tolls and Duties as shall not cornuh Wa*- exceed one Half of the full Toll or Duty payable, or by this Act intended to be paid, for all Waggons or Wains having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gage of nine Inches from Side to Side, or

for the Horses or Bealls of Draught drawing the same, and not rolling a Surface of sixteen Inches, in the Manner herein before set forth.

The said Regu-

III. Provided also, That the Regulations herein before-mentioned concerning the Wheels of Car-lationt not to ex- riages, and their Loading, shall not extend or be deemed or construed to extend to any Carts, Waggons, tend toCarnages or other Carriages, employed only in Husbandry, or carrying only Manure for Land, Hay, Straw, Fodder, ^HuLndry. or Corn unthreshed.

Trusteesimpow-

IV. And for the better discovering and detesting the Offenders against this Act, it is hereby further red to order the enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all the Trustees appointed or to be appointed by an7 Fellies of all Act or Acts of Parliament, made or to be made for the repairing or amending any Turnpike Road within Waggons, &c. the Kingdom, or any two or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and required, by Writing 10 be gaged. under their Hands, to order the Fellies of all Waggons, Wains, Carts, or other Carriages, which are or ought to be of the Breadth or Gage herein before directed and prescribed, to be measured and gaged at any Weighing Engine, or at any Turnpike or Toll-gate, erected or to be erected upon any Part of the Turnpike Road in or upon which such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage respectively, shall travel, pass, or be drawn.

No Compositian V. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Trustees of any Turnpike Road to make for Toils to be Composition for Tolls for or in respect of any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, or Horses or Beasts of Narrow Draught drawing the same, unless such Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Carriages, have the Fellies of

Wheeled Car- the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gage of nine Inches; any Law to the contrary thereof not- nagei. withstanding.

5K Penalty on

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall unload, or cause to be unloaden, any fraudulently un. Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, from any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, (except such Carriages as loading Goods are herein before excepted) at or before the same shall come to any Turnpike-gate' or Weighing Engine to^an' Gatfcor erected> or to be erected, by virtue or in pursuance of this or any other Act made, or to be made, for the; Weighing En- Repair or Preservation of any Turnpike Road within this Kingdom; or shall load or lay upon such Car-ginc, or laying riage (except as aforesaid) after the same shall have passed any such Turnpike-gate or Weighing Engine, on Goods after any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, taken or unloaden from any Horse, Cart, or other Carriage, belong-hhav'fngpi.fled to* or hired or borrowed by, the same Waggoner or Carrier, in order to avoid the Payment of the

a e amc; said respective Duties of twenty Shillings per Hundred; each and every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted before the Trustees of such Tolls or Duties, or any three or more of them, or one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be levied upon the Goods and Chattels of the Owners of such Cart, Waggon, and the Driver or other Carriage; and each and every Driver of such Waggon or Carriage so offending, and being to be committed thereof convicted as aforesaid, shall be committed to the House of Correction for the Space of one lor one Month, Month: And in case any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls or Duties at any Gate or Turnpike where, S-c'nnc7h-ir or near to any Crane, Machine, or Engine, for weighing of Carriages, shall be built and erected,

Doty are liable shall permit or suffer any Cart, Waggon, or Carriage, as aforesaid, being laden, to pass or repass through to be discharged, any such Gate or Turnpike without weighing the same, and being thereof convicted in Manner aforesaid;

such Collector or Receiver, so offending, shall be immediately discharged, and rendered incapable of ®r forfeit si. holding any Office under the said Trustees, or shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, at the Option of such Trustees.

Regulations to be observed in the Construction ®f the Wheels of Wargons, &c. travelling < n Turnpike Roads above 2.0 Miles from London, on Forleifuic of s I. &y the Owner.

Oihcers required to measure such Carriage* accordingly;

5 J. Ecaalty on

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Waggon, Wain, or Cart, shall pass along any Turnpike Road, being above twenty Miles from the Cities of London or Westminster, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gage of nine Inches at the Bottom, unless the same shall be made and constructed in such Manner, that no Pair of such Wheels (except such as shall roll a Surface of sixteen Inches) shall be wider than four Feet six Inches from Inside to Inside, to be measured on the Ground; auJ that the Distance from the Center of the Fore Wheel to the Center of the Hind Wheel of any such Waggon, or Four Wheel Carriage (not being used for the Carriage of Timber only) be not above nine Feet, to be measured from the Center of the Axle-trees at the Ends thereof; on rain of the Owner or Owners of every such Waggon, Wain, or Cart, forfeiting the Sum of five Pounds for every such Offence: And the Surveyor or Surveyors, Gate-keeper or Gate-keepers, of any Turnpike Road, is and are hereby authorised and required, at any Turnpike or Toll-gate, or at any other Place upon the Turnpike Road, to measure every such Waggon, Wain, or Cart; and if any Mailer or Driver of any Waggon, Wain, or Cart, shall hinder, or refills to permit, such Surveyor or Surveyors, Gate-keeper or Gate-keepers, to measure such Waggon, Wain, or Cart, as aforesaid, he or she shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds; and i it

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 40: 329

it (hill not be lawful for any such Waggon, Wain, or Cart, not permitted to be measured as aforesaid, hurting Co pass along any Turnpike Road. tlKm» &c#

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Waggon, Wain, or other Four Wheeled Carriage, having k

the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gage of nine Inches, shall pass or be wheehvi w>p-drawn on any Turnpike Road with more than eight Horses; nor any Cart, or other Two Wheeled Car- Eon to riage, having Wheels of the Breadth aforesaid, shall pass or be drawn upon any Turnpike Road with more l^n

than five Horses; the Horses in such respective Carriages to be drawn in Pairs, except where there is an r^wne/ied odd Horse, and except where the Number of Horses shall not exceed four: And also, that no Waggon, carriage* wi-ii Wain, or other Four Wheeled Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels of Ids Breadth than nine wore th.in * Inches, shall pass or be drawn on any Turnpike Road with more than four Horses; or fix Oxen or Neat in p*1'3-Cattle in Pairs, and two Horses; or eight Oxen or Neat Cattle in Pairs, and one Horse: And that no Car-

Cart or ocher Two Wheeled Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels of less Breadth than nine Inches, riages ncMo be shall pass or be drawn on any Turnpike Road with more than three Horses; or fix Oxen or Neat Cattle towaii m^re in Pairs, and one Horse; or four Oxen or Neat Cattle in Pairs, and two Horses; on Pain of the Owner thin of such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, forfeiting the Sum of twenty Shillings, and also every Horlc whcei^C*-0 or other Bea(t of Draught above the Numbers herein before respectively prescribed and limited, to any rI " with more Person or Persons who shall seize or sue for the lame j except as herein after-mentioned. thin 3 j on f or-

feiture of 20 f. and the fu-pernumrrary Horses.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall take off, or cause to be taken off, *1. Pemlty oa any Horse or Horses, or other Bead of Draught, from any Waggon or other Carriage, or shall alter, fraudulently or cause the Distance of the Wheels thereof to be altered, at or before the same shall come to any of the Horse6ofaitir-said Gates or Turnpikes, with Intent to avoid any Toll, Forfeiture, or Penalty, for drawing with a ingVeDiftwi greater Number of Horses or Beasts of Draught, or in any other Manner than hereby allowed; each and of the Wheels, every Person so offending, and being convicted thereof before the said Trudecs, or any three or more of before coming t them, or one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, or Place, where to any Gate, &c. the Offence shall be committed, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted and declared, That every Person who shall drive any Waggon or other Driver travel. Carriage upon any Turnpike Road, with more Horses or Beasts of Draught than such Waggon or other Hng with more Carriage shall, on the same Day, have passed with through any Turnpike Bar or Gate, shall be deemed

and adjudged to have taken off the said Horses or Beasts of Draught with Intent to avoid paying the havepaSed'thiV 1 oil Or Duty. any Gate with,

deemed guilty of a Fraud.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the Trustees of any Turn- Where it/half

pike Road within this Kingdom, or any nine of them, at any of their public Meetings, that it is imprac- he judged necef-ticable for any Waggon or other Four Wheeled Carriage, with the Weights to the same respectively [*2may Jbw allowed as aforesaid, to be drawn up any Hill or Hills, lying in or upon such Turnpike Road, by the waggons with Number of Horses herein before respectively allowed, without manifed Inconvenience and Hazard; in broad Wheel* such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trudecs, or any nine of them, to allow such to *>e drawn up Number of Horses as they shall judge necessary, not exceeding ten for such nine Inch Wheels, and not 10

exceeding fix for such Wheels of less Breadth than nine Inches, to be used in such Waggon or Four Wheeled Carriage for the Purpose only of drawing the same up such Hill or Hills as aforesaid; the ej Carriages by Length and Extent of such Hill or Hills to be specified in such Order of Allowance, and the Termination 6 j the Lcngtk at each End thereof to be marked by a Pod or Stone to be erected at such respective Boundaries; and the and E*ent of said Order of Allowance shall be certified by the said Trudecs or their Clerk, to the next General Quarter

Srflions of the Peace of the said County, Riding, Division, City, Corporation, Precinct, or Liberty, Q^icicf Allow-within which such Hill or Hills shall respectively be situated; and if the Fadts, upon which the same is an Cef *mi certi-founded, shall, at the said Quarter Sessions, be proved upon the Oath of two credible Witnesses, to the tied to the Gc-Satisfaction of the Justices of the Bench, or the major Part of them, the said Order of Allowance shall be rerjl Quarter confirmed, and filed among the Records of the Sessions by the Clerk of the Peace, or otherwise shall be br,h< ns’ vacated and quashed; and from and after such Confirmation and Filing, no Person shall be liable to any

Penalty or Forfeiture for using such Number of Horses, as shall be so allowed, in drawing any Waggon ^conrirmerf,* or other Four Wheeled Carnage up such Hill or Hills respectively and fil'd} other-

wif? to be vacated.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if it shall appear upon the Oaths of credible Wit* restes, to the Satisfaction of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Commissioners or Trudecs, or of any Court of Justice authorised to enioree the Execution of this Acd, that any Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, could not, by reason of deep Snow or Ice, be drawn with the respective Weights, and by the Number of Horses or Beasts of Draught hereby respectively allowed; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices of Peace, Commissioners, Trustees, or Court respectively, and they are hereby respectively required, to flop all Proceedings before them respectively for the Recovery of any Penalty or borfeiture which may have been incurred by drawing a greater Number of I lories or Beads of lJraugnt than are hereby allowed any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And whereas great Damage is done to the Turnpike Roads by Waggons and Four Wheeled Cam ges, with Narrow Wheels, drawn by Horses in Palis }’ for Remedy thereof, be it enacted, I hat at (hill u )t be lawful for any Waggon or 1 our Wheeled Carnage, having the Sole or Bottom of the lV.!ie<

Particulir E*« eruption with re-fpret t > Car-ri i^c« in* with at cUuur-dinatx Nui.iSer of Hcr.er thro’ deep Snow or Uc.

NaTcw' Wh :e]* ed Wj.Yr.n not so I. J a vn

Hufcs in 1’41'f.

% $0 c. 40.

Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

curing for the Penalty,

forfeits 40 s. Driver of any Waggon with

of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gage then nine Inches, to past tipon any Turnpike Road, or

through any Turnpike-gate or Bar, if the same be drawn by Horses in Pairs (pthor than and except Waggons and Four Wheeled Carriages loaden wkh Fi&, Rabbits, Poultry, Cam* alive or Slaughtered, or Lambs only.)

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, travel Iv turned*o»tof" ^P00 any Turnpike Roads, shall be driven or turned out of the same into any of the Road*

a Turnpike adjacent, not being Turnpike Roads,' in order to avoid, and thereby avoiding, paying the Tolls and Road, to avoid Duties by this or any other Act or Acts made, or to be made, payable at any Gate or Turnpike eroded* the Toll*, on or to be erected, for the collecting and receiving the same; upon rain of forfeiting and losing airy one of F?r^iirueon€ t*16 Horses drawing the same, not being the Thill or Shaft Horse, with all his Geafs and Accoutrements, of the Horse. to |hc foJe Use an3 Benefit of any Person or Persons who shall fciae and distraiti the same.

Colle^or, kc.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Toll-gatherer or Gate-keeper being privy to shall permit or suffer any Waggon, Wain, or Cart, or other Carriage, to be drawn or pase upon any any of the with-Turnpike Road within the View, or with the Knowledge, of such Gate-keeper or Toll-gatherer, or to -^en^and pass through any Toll-gate or Bar, with any greater Number of Hoifes, Oxen, or Neat Catde, or wkfc not u yproc- 0Hy Carriage constructed or drawn in any other Manner than is before directed, and shall not, withm the Space of one Week, proceed for the Recovery of the Forfeiture or Penalty hereby in Aided for every feck Offence, in the Manner directed or authorised by this Act; he shall forfeit and pay, for every such Neglect, the Sum of forty Shillings.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall, upon any Turnpike Road, drive, or ad as the Driver or Drivers of, any Waggon, Cart, Wain, or Carriage, having Wheels of a ^or Construction not authorised by this Act1, or drawn by more than the Number of Horses, Oxen, or Neat drawn by more Cattle, hereby respectively appointed; that then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to Horses than tu- and for any Constable, Tything-man, Surveyor, or any other Person, to apprehend and take, or cause thorised, may be to be apprehended and taken, such Person or Persons so driving, orafting as Driver or Drivers, as afore-apprehenjed by fajj before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, or Place, where takenl before a Offence shall be committed; and upon Conviction thereof, either by Confection of the Party, or

Justice j and<m by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before such Juuice or Justices of the Peace, Conviction, for- every such Person or Persons so offending shall respectively forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the fcic* 5l. Sum of five Pounds.

Drag irons to be

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Drag Iron, or other Instrument,

flat «t the Sole, shall be affixed under ihe Sole of the Wheel or Wheels of any Waggon or other Carriage, to make the and of the Passage of such Waggon or Carriage more easy and secure down deep Hills; every such Drag Iron, or Breadthof the other Instrument, shall be flat at the Bottom or Sole thereof, and shall not be of less Breadth than the Fellies of the Wheels under which the same (halt be so affixed, on Pain of the Owner of every such Waggon or other Carriage forfeiting the Sum of forty Shillings for every such Offence.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Owner or Owners of any Waggon, Wain, Curt, or

Name and place Carriage, shall paint, or cause to be painted, in large and legible Characters, upon the Tilts of every such of Abode to be Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, which has a Tilt, and upon the most conspicuous Part of such Wag-painted on the gon<j Wain, Cart, or Carriage, which has not a Tilt, before he, she, or they, shall use or drive the (have " Par" of Ceach uP°n any Turnpike Road, his, her, or their Christian and Surname or Names, and the Plate of his, her. Waggon and or their Abode; and every Owner or Owners ef every Common Stage Waggon or Cart shall, over and

Cart; also the above his, her, or their Christian and Surname or Names, paint, or cause to be painted, on the Part, and Words Common in Manner, as aforesaid, the following Words, COMMON STAGE WAGGON, or CART, as Sugetiaggon ox case may. And if any Owner or Owners of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage shall maybe.1 * travel with, or use, by him/elf, herself, or themselves. Servant or servants, any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, without having his, her, or their Christian Name, and Surname or Names, and Place Travelling with of Abode, so painted thereon; or if any Person or Persons shall paint, or cause to be painted, any feMe or fiaitiou* fiditious Name on such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage; he, she, or they, shall forfeit the Smn of Name thereon, five Pounds: And if any Owner or Owners of any Common Stage Waggon or Cart shall travel with, or wiihout5the*nd t*le some> by himself, herself, or themselves. Servant or Servants, without having the Words hereby Word* required, required to be painted thereon respectively; he, she, or they, shall forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings.

40^ 4

XIX. And whereas in and by several Acts of Parliament, made and passed for amending and repairing

particular Turnpike Roads within this Kingdom, several high and extraordinary Tolls are granted and

directed to be levied and paid for Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages, drawn by more than a certain

, Number of Horses or Beasts of Draught therein respectively mentioned, with an Intent in effect to pro-

hibit the Passage of such Carriages, and thereby the better to preserve the (bid Roads ;* now it is hereby On such Roads farther enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustees appointed, or to be appointed, dinar* Toils* ,n or virtue of any Act of Parliament made, or to be made, for repairing and amending such par-fcaveleen grant- ticular Roads as aforesaid, or any five or more of such Trustees respectively, within their respective Di£ eci, designeiiyto trids, and they are hereby authorised and required, at the first Meeting after the Commencement of thfe prohibit Wag- Ad, to mitigate, lessen, and reduce, the said high and extraordinary Tolls and Duties, for and m rdped *ons, see. being of such Waggons or other Wheel Carriages only having Wheels of the Breadth or Gage of nine Inches ^mor^thon^ as aforesaid, *n such Manner as no greater Toll or Duty, in respect to Waggons, be demanded or taken certain Number for ^ame l^an Is provided and directed, by the said Acts respectively, to be paid and taken for Wag* of Horses, the gons and other Four Wheel Carriages drawn by four^ Horses or Beasts of Draught; and that no greater Trustees are re- Toll or Duty be demanded or taken for Carts, having the Fellies of their Wheels of the Breadth or G3gc £l'tlVr‘Ulcc n‘ne Inc^csi than is provided and directed, by the said Acts respectively, to be taken for Carts drawn

Fellies, on Forfeiture of 40 «. Owner*! real

iuen Tol's, La

by

A.D. 1767. Anno fcprimo Georgii III« G. 4a.

bf three Horses y tmf the feM Tmftees within thefr refbeftive Districts, 6t My five Gt more of them °/2p#<* rcfipe&ieely, are hereby authorised and required to give Di rest ions in Writing to the several Collectors wti

within ftiai thoir respective Districts, to take and receive such Tolls and Duties, and no other; any Law Ron* or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustees appointed or to be And the Toll# appointed, by virtue or under the Authority of any Act of Parliament made, or to be made, for making, tobenifed repairing, or amending Turnpike Roads, or such Person or Persons as are or shall be authorised by them, V V? shall and may, and are hereby required to demand and take for every Waggon, Wain, Cart, of Carriage, ",aN^r having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gage than nine Inches from Side ro Side at wheeled Wag* the lead, at the Bottom or Sole thereof, and for the Horses or Beasts of Draught drawing the same, one goni, foe.

Half more than the Tolls or Duties which are or shall be payable for the same respectively by any Act or Act* of Paris ament, made or to be made, for making, amending, dr repairing Turnpike Roads, before nny such Waggon, Wain, Cart, dr Carriage fefpeftlveiy, shall be permitted to pass through any Turnpike-gate or Gates* Bar or Bar?, where Tolls shall be payable by virtue of any such Acts*

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Cart or Carriage drawn by two Horses or four Oxen* and no more, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of a^diiwo the Breadth or Gage of six Inches at the Bottom from Side to Side, td pass upon any Turnpike Road, and hoi'(c$$ through any Turnpike^gate or Bar, paying the Tolls or Duties required to be paid by any of the said Acts respectively.

XX1L And whereas there are, or hereafter may be, fti several Acts of Parliament for making, amend-

ing, and repairing Turnpike Roads, Exemptions allowed from Payment of Tolls in particular cases

therein respectively merrtioqpd; and Liberties are or may be allowed, in particular cases, to pay less € Tolls than are charged upon other Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Carriages, passing through Turnpike- gases or Bars: And whereas it Will tend to the Advantage and Prefefvation of Turnpike Roads, to con*

fra© such Exrniptions, Liberties. Privileges and Advantages, to Carriages with Wheels of the Breadth or

€ &*ge of ninelnchre as aforesaid, except as herein after excepted Be it therefore enacted, That no ErtmpHbutfue Pfcvfon shall, by virtue of the (kid Acts of Parliament, hive, claim, of fake the Benefit or Advantage of any Priv*ii§f»grtm-' Exemption from ToH, or Part of Tolls, or to nay left Toll, for or in respect of any Waggon, Wain, *din Part’cu!*r Cure* of other Carriage, or Horst drawing the same, and carrying any particular Kind of Goods, chan }j>ea\o toiTiI other Carriages of the like Nature carrying other Goods* ought to pay; unless such Wageon, Wain, Cart, restr»ined for or other Carriage, have the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies 0? the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gage the future to ofstine Ihthes as aforesaid: other than and except Carts and Carriages drawn by two Horses or four Oxen,^"^ wheeled aitd no more, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof' of the Breadth or Gagp of £*a*f* w six Inches as aforesaid; and other than and except Carts and Carriages employed in carrying Corn or 6 lnc’h peiife*. Grain in the Straw. Hay, Fodder, Dung, Lime for the ItttprovdnJerit of Land* or other Manure, or anydrtwn by* Implements of Husbandry only; but that the Toll required by the said Acts respectively, together with Horses, &c. the additional Tolls Hereby dir eft ed to be taken, for or in respect of every such Waggon, Wain, Cart* or other Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of leis Breadth or Gage bc*em! than nine Inches as aforesaid, and for and in respect of Horses, or Beasts of Draught, drawing the same pioycd Hufl (except as before excepted) shall be paid in the same Manner to all Intents andrurpofc3, as if no Ex- bandry &nif % empriem or Ids Toll had been enacted Of allowed by any of the said Acts respectively and as fully as all i»«h other other Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Carriages, and Horlex drawing the same* ought respectively to pay which are not intitled to any Exemption from Toll, in the Whole or Part* or to pay a less Toll than b* thofg, other Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Carriages; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding. a ft*, w>«t> ihe

additional ones hereby granted, art to be paid.

XXIII. Provided always, That nothing in Arts Act Audi extend, or be corlftrued to extend, to any CatrUg* which Chaise Marine, Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Chaise* Cakift* or Heaffe; or to any Caravan, covered Carriage, of any Nobleman or Gentleman for his private Use; or to such Ammunition or Artillery oftbi* as fibaUbt for his Majesty's Sexvice'j ot to any Cast ett Carriage drawn by one Horse, or two Oxen, and a a. no moret or to any Carriage* having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of nine Inches, which shall be laden With one Stone, Block of Marble, one Piece of Metal, or one Piece of Timber.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if affy Person or Persons shall take the Benefit of any Perfow frauds Exemptions under, or by virtue of, this*or any other Act made* of hereafter to be made, for the Repair t3km&

of any Turnpike* Road, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever; such Person or Persons shall Exemption,

forfeit, fof every such Offence, a Sam not exceeding five Pdcmdsj rtof less than forty Shillings, at the forfeit not cx-Difemta* 0# the Jafttee o» Jtiftiee, before whom faeh Offender shall be convicted. ceding $1. nof

less than 4.0

XXV. And whereas in and bf several Aftt Of Parliament made1 and puffed for amending and repair- ing particular Turnpike Roads whhlrr this Kingdom* there 1st no Power given to the Trustees to lefien the ToUs* although such Turnpike Roads may be fofikiently, efr in a great Degree, amended and rc- paired; and all, or the greased Fart of the Money borrowed upon the Credit of any such Acts have been paid are discharged;’ be it therefore farther enacted, ThaV it shall and may be lawful to and for the l*

Trustees appointed in and bf virtue of any Act of Parliament, now in Force, for repairing and amending suffic7cntiy re-such particular Roads as aforesaid, or any thirteen of more of such Trustees respectively, and they are p*ircd, or nearly hereby impowered in any of the cases-adorefetd* a# a* Meeting to be held for that Purpose of which one so} ndthe m0* Calendar Month's Notice (tall be given in Writing, to be affixed on all the Turnpike-gates which shall n«y borrowed

U u a be pa‘d*" nw]1

3 2 c. 40.

Anno septimo. Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

dischargerf; the be then erected upon such respective Roads, from time to time, to lefTen oY reduce all or any of the Tolls TYHs maybe granted by any of the said respective Acts, for and during such Time as the said Trustees, or any thirteen cifionVl/ri fed or more of them, shall jthink proper; and afterwards at any Meeting to befield as aforesaid, from time to

again j

time, if they shall see Occasion, to advance all or any of the Tolls, so lessened, to any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the several Rates granted by such Acts of Parliament respectively.

XXVI. Provided nevertheless, That where the whole Money borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls granted by any such Act shall not have been paid and discharged, no such Tolls shall be lessened or reduced without the Consent of the Person' or Persons intitled to five Sixths of the Money remaining due upon such respective Tolls.

but no such Re» duttion is to take place, where Money is due, ur.less with Consent of the Mortgagees.

where there are

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That where there are two or more Turnpike Roads under several a or more Turn- Acts of Parliament, within the same Parish, Township, or Place, and the Statute Duty directed by all pike Roads un- such Acts to be taken or applied, for the Repair of such Turnpike Roads within such Parish, Township, with i n't he fame or ^acc> exceed three Days Duty in the Whole; then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful Parish, &c. and for two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, or Place, where such Turnpike the Statute Duty Roads shall be, and they are hereby required, at some Special Sessions, to adjust and proportion such exceeds 3 Days, Statute Duty, betwixt such Turnpike Roads and the other Highways in such Parish, Township, or Place, the justices are in such Manner as they shall think fit; having Regard to the Extent and Condition of the said several sVtutcr Duty be- R°a^s anc* Highways, and also to the Tolls and Revenues arising from such Turnpike Roads respectively tween them. (the said Justices previously summoning the Clerks and Surveyors of (Such Turnpike Roads, and likewise the Surveyors of the Highways for such Parish, Township, or Place, who are hereby respectively required1 to attend the Justices upon such Summons).

40*. Penalty on

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons surveyors futfer- having the Care of any Turnpike Road* shall suffer to be or remain, for the Space of forty-eight Hours, ing any Obstruc- in any Part thereof within twelve Feet on either Side of the Middle of such Road, any Post or Polls, Heap t,oosto remam or Heaps of Stones, Rubbish, or Earth, set up or raised in or above the Surface of the said Road, by at e oa s. which the Passage thereof shall or may be oburu&ed, impeded, confined, or straitened (other than and except Polls, Blocks, Stones, or Banks of Earth, fixed in the Ground, or raised, for securing Horse or, Foot Roads, and also Direction Ports and Stones) such Surveyor or other Person shall forfeit and pay the

Sum of forty Shillings, to be recovered before one Justice of the Peace.

XXIX. And whereas Inconveniencies have arisen from making Hedges, or other Fences, and from ploughing or breaking up the Soil of Lands or Grounds near the Middle or Center of Turnpike Roads/ 40 s. Penalty on for Remedy thereof be it further enacted, That if any Person shall make, or cause to be made, any Persons making Hedge, Ditch, or other Fence, on any Turnpike Road not inclosed on both Sides, within the Distance of Ditches, &c. on thirty Feet from the Middle or Center thereof; or shall plough, harrow, or break up, the Soil of any Juld notFin- Ennd or Ground; or, in ploughing or harrowing the adjacent Lands, shall turn his or their Plough or doled on both Harrow in or upon any Land or Ground within the Distance of fifteen Feet from the Middle or Center of Side* within 30 any Turnpike Road, made, or to be made, within this Kingdom; every Person so offending shall forfeit. Feet of the f0r every such Offence, forty Shillings, to such Person as shall make Information of the same; arul it.

Center, or turn- ^11 be lawful for the Trustees who have the Care of any such Road, or any five or more of them, to

or?Harrow with- cause such Hedge, Ditch, or Fence, to be taken down or filled up at the Expence of the Person or Per-in 15 Feet there- fons to whom the same shall belong: And it shall and may be lawful for any one or more Justice or of: Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, or Place, where such Offence shall be committed.

Such Ditch'!*, upon Proof thereof to him or them made upon Oath, to levy as well the Expences of taking down such

Act may be Hedges as aforesaid, as the several and respective Penalties hereby imposed, by Distress and Sale of the.

Jill«Tup°%aTthe Offender’s Goods and Chattles, rendering the Overplus to the Owner on Demand.

Hxpence of the Owner; and be levied, together with the Penalties, by Distress and Sale.

Direction Polls XXX. And, for the better Convenience of Travellers, where several Highways meet, be it further to be set up enacted, That the Commissioners or Trustees appointed, or to be appointed, to execute any Act of Par-where feveril ]iament made, or to be made, for the Repair of any Turnpike Road, shall direct the Surveyor of every Highways meet; Turnpike Road where several Highways meet, and there is no sufficient Direction Port or Stone already fixed or erected, forthwith to erect, or cause to be ereerted, or fixed, in the mofl convenient Place where such Ways meet, a Stone or Post, with an Inscription thereon in large Letters, containing the Name of, and Distance from, the next Market Town or Towns, or other considerable Place or Places, and where the to which the said Highways respectively lead; and also, at the several Approaches or Entrances to such Highways aie Parts of any Highways as are subject to deep or dangerous Floods, graduated Stones or Ports, denoting f-.l'-cft to deep the De pth of Water in the deepest Part of the same; and likewise such Direction Ports or Stones as the or dangerous said Commissioners or Trustees shall judge to be necessary, for the guiding of Travellers in the belt and fuifta-Viavel°r Tract through the Hid Floods or Waters; and also fh.dl order the said Surveyor to erect Mile-stones fen' in^helIP<n such Turnpike Road, with proper Inscriptions and Figures thereupon, denoting the Names and Tract. Dirtances from the principal Towns or Places on each respective Road; and the said Surveyor or Sur-

Mi’oflonesalfo veyors shall be reimbursed the Expences of providing and erecting the same respectively, out of the Tolls to 6c k t up: and Qyties granted by fuHi Acts respectively: And in case any Surveyor or Surveyors shall, by the Space

The E‘ ---cs three Months after such Direction to him or them given, neglect or refuse to cause any such Stone or’ ,0 be aaraTed Port to be fixed as aforesaid; every such Offender shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings.

ut ci :bc Tolls, Surveyors neglecting their Du’y herein, forfeit 20 s,

JS XXXI. And

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 40. 333;

XXXI. And whereas in forue Places it hath been, and may be, found necessary to secure Horse and Penalty not ex-

c Foot causeways, in publick Highways, by Ports, Blocks, or great Stones, fixt in the Ground, or by cecd‘nR 51- but Banks of Earth cast up, or otherwise, from being broken and spoiled with Waggons, Wains, Caits, or f Carriages: And forasmuch as several evil-disposed Persons may wilfully or maliciously pull up, cut up 0*r deffroying > 4 down, and remove, the said Ports, Blocks, and great Stones, so fixed as aforesaid, and also dig and call Polls or Banks down the said Banks, which are the Security and Defence of the said causeways, whereby they are often bcup on ruined and destroyed; and such evil-disposed Persons may break, damage, or throw down, the Stones, Jldefs °l the Bricks, or Wood, fixed upon the Parapets or Battlements of Bridges, and may pull down, dertroy, ob- rjt°y thereof literate, or deface, any Miie-rtone or Port graduated, or Direction-port or Stone, erected, or to be the Parapets of

creeled, upon any Turnpike Road for the Purposes aforesaid For the Prevention thereof, be it en- Bridges} or de-

ailed, That every Person who shall be guilty of any such Offence shall, upon Complaint thereof made to facing Miic; any Justice of the Peace of the County, Division, or Place, where the same shall be proved to be done, by or^ree-the Oath of any one credible Witness, or upon View of the Justice himself, forfeit, for every of the said tlon Po< s* Offences, any oum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than ten Shillings; or be committed to the House * the Offender of Correction of such County, Division, or Place, there to be whipped, and kept to hard Labour for may be commit-any Time not exceeding one Calendar Month, nor less than seven Days, at the Discretion of such ha/d Labour and Justice. ^ whipt.

XXXII. And to prevent the malicious destroying of any Turnpike-gate or Houses which shall have been, or shall hereafter be, erected, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall, Penalty of de-either by Day or Night, wilfully or maliciously pull down, pluck up, throw down, level, or otherwise de- stroy'n?, J &c* stroy any Turnpike-gate or Turnpike-gates, or any Port or Polls, Rail or Rails, Wall or Walls, or any 0 ’63lc0 Chain, Bar, or other Fence or Fences, belonging to any Turnpike-gate or Turnpike-gates, or any other *'

Chain, Bar, or Fence, of any Kind whatsoever, let up or erected, or hereafter to be set up or erected, to prevent Passengers from passing by without paying any Toll laid and directed to be paid by any Act or Acts of Parliament already made, or hereafter to be made, for that Purpose; or any House or Houses Toll-house or erected, or to be erected, for the Use of any such Turnpike-gate or Turnpike-gates; or any Crane, WcishlnsEn* Machine, or Engine, made or erected, or to be made or erected, on any Turnpike Road, by Authority B'nc' of Parliament, for weighing Waggons, Carts, or Carriages; or shall forcibly refeue any Person oror refeuing Of-Persons, being lawfully in Custody of any Officer or other Person for any of the Offences before fcnders i mentioned; that then, and in any of the said cases, every Person so offending, being thereof lawfully is Felony with* convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefitoot Benefit of of Clergy: And any Indictment for such Offences shall and may be inquired of, examined, tried, and c,er^ determined, in any adjacent County within that Part of Great Britain called England, in such Manner and Form as if the Fadts had been therein committed.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Inhabitants of every Hundred within that Part of Great Inhabitant? of

Britain called England, within which such Offence or Offences shall be committed, by pulling down and the Hundred, destroying any such Turnpike-gate or Gates, or any such Poll or Polls, Rail or Rails, Wall or Walls, be- of

longing to any Turnpike-gate or Gates; or any such Chain, Bar, or Fences; or any House or Houses set co^n.cc* up or erected, or to be set up or creeled, for the Use or Service of collecting the Tolls; or any Crane, mined. Machine, or Engine, made cr erected, or to be made or erected, on any Turnpike Road, by Authority of Parliament, for weighing Waggons, Carts, or Carriages, at any Place appointed by the respective Trustees or Commissioners, or any five or more of them, acting under any Act or Acts of Parliament for amending any Turnpike Road, shall make full Satisfaction for the Damages that shall be thereby fullered; are to make full: and that the said Damages shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in Satisfaction for any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, by and in the Name of the Clerk of the Peace of the County the Damages, for the time being wherein such Offence or Offences shall bc committed, without naming the Christian

Name or Surname of the Clerk of the Peace; and such Action shall not be abated or discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk, but may be Sued and prosecuted by his Successor; and the said Damages t£the Use ofihe so to be recovered shall be to the only Use and Behoof of the Trustees or Commissioners of such Turnpike Turnpike 0- where the Offence shall have been committed, to be by them applied and disposed of to the several Uses and :to be applied as Purposes, in such Manner as the several Tolls, Rates, and Duties, by virtue of such Act or Acts of Par- the Toils: liament Shall be applied and disposed of: And all and every the Inhabitants of such Hundred shall bc rate- Inhabitants to ably and proportionably taxed for and toward an equal Contribution for the Relief of such Inhabitant or b* rate4bly Inhabitants, against whom Execution for such Damages shall be had and levied; which Tax shall be c 1 crct0* levied and raised by such Means, and in such Manner and Form, as is prescribed and mentioned for the levying and raising the Damages recovered against Inhabitants of Hundreds in case of Robberies, by any Act. or Acts of Parliament: Provided, That upon Conviction of any such Offender, within twelve Months upon Con-after the Offence committed, any Hundred, or Inhabitants thereof, liable to make, and having made, such offender the Satisfaction, shall be repaid the Siims^ they have so paid, out of the Tolls of the Turnpike where such Hundred’utobe Offence was committed. ' repaid out of the

Toils.

XXXIV. And whereas great Mischiefs have arisen from mean Persons acting as Trustees in the Exe-^ cution of such Acts of Parliament made for repairing Publick Roads in that Part of Great Britain called 4* England^ as do not direct and require that the Trustees thereby appointed shall be qualified to act as such by the Possession of real or personal Estates to a certain Value;* be it therefore enacted, That no Person General QualU shall be qualified or capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of any such A cl as aforesaid, unless ficat, ono1 Truf* he shall be, in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual roflefiion, or Receipt, of the tcc,

Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, of the dear yearly Value of forty Pounds; or

possessed

3V

C. 40.

Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 17^7.

to be verified upon Oath*

The Oath.

possessed of, or inti tied to, Personal Eftat© to the value of eight hundred Pounds; or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person possessed of an Estate in Land of the clear yearly Value of eighty Pounds; and mrtest ne hath taken, or shall (not being such Heir Apparent as aforesaid) before he acts as such Truflter, take and subscribe the Oath following, before any two or more of the Trustees appointed, or to be appointed, by or in pursuance of such Act, who are hereby authorised and impowered to administer the same, in the Words, or to the Effect, following $ that is to say,

c TAB do swear, That I truly and bona fide am, in my own Right, or in the Right of my Wife, in the

X actual Possession and Enjoyment, or Receipt, of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of (forty Pounds) or possessed of or intitled to, a perforrai Estate, to

the Value of (eight hundred Pounds, as the Case may be) So help me GOD.’

to I Penalty on And if any Person shall[presume to act contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, every stich Person Per fans, not shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds to any Person who fhaff sue for the doiy qualified, fam€. to recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record by Action of Debt, or on the Case* or by pre utmag o gjj^ w Information; wherein no Eflotn, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more thmonelmpar-lance, shall be allowed; and such Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as above, or otherwise shall pay the said Sum of fifty Pounds, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the ' Plaintiff or Prosecutor, than that such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of any such Aft.

OfficentodtiVptr

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, and other Officers ap-«p to Trustees pointed, or to be appointed, by any Act or Acts made or to be made for the Repair of any Turnpike Roads, and their respective Executors or Admmiftratora, shall, withm ten Days after Notice, in Writing, to them respectively given by the Commissioners or Trustees of stich Roads, or any five or mane of them, ara Meeting held pursuant to-such Act, produce and deliver up to such Trustees, all Books, Accounts, Papers, or Writings whatsoever, relative to the Execution of focn respective Offices, which (half be rn their Cirf-

mll Books and Papers in their Custody, SU. relating to the Execution of their Office, on Forfeiture so

» tody-or Power > and every such Office or Person as aforesaid neglecting or refofing Co produce and deliver of up such Books, Account!, Papers, or Wt itings, after such Notice n aforesaid, shall, far every such Neglect or Refusal respectively, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

PersonidiGjuaii-

XXXVI. And it is hereby farther enacted, That no Person or Persons who shall keep any Viftoalling* fied from thing house, Ale-house, or other House of PuWtck Entertainment, or who shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, at Trustees, or Ale, spirituous or other strong Liquors, by Retail, shall be capable of acting as a Trustee, or of taking, holding any of- holding, or enjoying, any Place or Places of Tmft or Profit under the Trustees of any Act of Parliament fice under the made, or to be made, for erecting Turnpikes respectively, or of forming the Tolls thereby granted ancf or VawnndK. payable* during such Time as be mall5 keep such-vifttialling-house, Ale-house, or other Hbufeof TnUsV. Publick Eotorttunmenti or shall fell any Wmei Beer, Cyder, Ale, spirituous or other strang Eiquors, bf Retail.

XXXVII. And whereas the Trustees of several Turnpike Roads are not ftffickntly impowerrf topumfli

Koifancesoftthec Nuifences in the several Roads under thefr Care;’ be it therefore farther enacted, That the fafd’Trustees Road may be of the fevcrat Roads respectively, or any fire or more of them, at a general Meetings may, and they are prosecuted at the hereby impowered, if they shall think fit, to direct Prosecutions by Indictment against the Offender or r«^Cn^usa of the for any Nuisance done, committcrf, or continued, in or upon any of the Turnpike Koacfe

Turnpike. under their Care respectively, at the Expence of the Revenues belonging to such Turnpike Roads, to be Prosecutions re- allowed by such Trustees, or any five or more of them, at feme subsequent general Meeting: Provided that drained, unicfs nothing in this AftfhalF be cormrued to impower the Trustees t^nerfecute, or cause to be prosecuted,.any upon offender’s Person for any such Offence, unless upon the Confeflixm of the Offender, or that one or more Witness oc SoSby wk^ Witnesses can be had and produced to prove the Commission of stich Offence.

XXXVIII. And whereas fraudulent Connivances may be praft^ftd by Offenders, their Primds, and others, to evade the just Recovery of Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted by the Laws relating for Turnpike Roads, by fetfing up colourable Prosecutions and Seizures, with intent to favour Offenders against tfter ( fekf Laws, and todkeouragejuft and real Prosecutions ;* for Remedy thereof, be it enacted, That itffralT and may be lawful for all and every Justice and Justices of the Peace before whom there ftaH be any Information or Pfocceding for any Penalty or Forfeiture inflffted by this or any Act or Acts of Parliament made, or to be made, for repairing and amending Turnpike Roads; and they are hereby required* where, any prior Seizure, Information, or Conviction, shall be set up orinfifted upon, by way of Defence, or to defeat any Information of Proceeding, or any Seizure for any Forfeitsreror Penalty inffifted as aforrfticL to examine into the real Merits of such prior Seimire* Information*, Proceeding^ or Conviction; and if thereupon it Avail appear that the same was- not done* made, or prosecuted eniftu*lly*, to recover and apply the Penalty or Forfeiture for the true and real Ends and Purposes for which such Penalties and forfeitures were enacted* but to favour the Offender, such prior Seizure* Information, or Conviction* (Ml be deemed to be fraudulent, and null and void, toaU Intents and Purposes whatfcrever j and every focH Justic© or, Justices of the Peace shall proceed to determine and convrft, as if no prior Seizure, Information* or* Conviction, had been made, prosecuted, or obtained.

XXX(X. And be it further enacted, That where a sufficient Namber of the Trustees appointed, or to Be appointed, by any Act or Acts of Parliament made, or to be made, for making, amending, or repairing^ any particular Turnpike Roads, shall not meet on the Day appointed, or to be appointed, by any such Act or Acts respectively, for their firflr Meetingj or shall not meet on the Day appointed, or to be appointed,

Fritodofart ind colourable Prosecutioa* rad Seizures, set up to favour Offenders, to be enquired into and fetafi4e#<

Wbtae a foffid-

ent Number of Trustees to ftuli not meet

A.D. 1767. Anno fepdmo Gfioium IIT* 33$

d, by Adjournment, for their Meeting, or for Want ot a proper Adjournment; by which Me&fts, or by on the D*y «p-fame or one of them, the Intent elf the said Act or Acts may be frustrated; in all or either of the said E®JJ*ted forts cases, k shall be lawM Bor so many of the said Trustees as shall meet, or the major Part of them, or, in JUiotMeetinfr cmfe 00 such TruAee shall be present, for their Clerk or Clerks, to carafe Notice in Writing to be affixed or for want of m all Turnpikes that shall be then a^ded on the said respective Roads, or^ if no Turnpikes shall be then Adjournment eroded, cocause the like Notice to be affixed in the most corifpicuoas Place in one of the principal Towns*1* Trustees *r Planes newest to which the Roads ^ireded to be repaired do lie, at least ten Days before the intended ®el* theu> Meeting; appointing ftiyh Trustees to meet at such Place where the preceding Meeting was appointed ^appoint ». to have been hekf, or at the Place drreded for the first Meeting of such Trustees, if no such preceding other Meeting) Meeting ffaadl have been held; and the said Trustees, when met in pursuance of such Notice, shall and giving publick may, and they are hereby required, to proceed and carry such Act or Acts into Execution, in the same and t^ep^of#

as ample and full a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they might or could have done if no such Negkd had happened. consequenc*

thereof, may proceed to carry such Act into Execution*

XL. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Meeting of such Trustees shall at any No Adjoum-Time be adjourned for any longer Time than three Months from the Day on which such Adjournment®^to for* shall be made; and that no Business shall be done or proceeded upon by the Trustees, at any Meeting*! to be held under this or any Act or Acts of Parliament, made or to be made, for making or repairing nor proceeding* any Turnpike Roads, before the Hour of Ten in the Forenoon; and that no Adjournment shall be made to be htd before Co any Hour later than Two in the Afternoon of the Dair on which such Meeting shall be appointed to be 10 in the Mor*. held) and that every Ad agreed upon at any Meeting, shall be signed at the said Meeting by a competent.ing* nor*d\ Number of Trustees, or otherwise every such Meeting, Adjournment, and Ad respectively, shall be void^""a latef*

and Of none Effect. Hour than a in

XLL. And be it enacted, That if the Commissioners and Trustees appointed, or to be appointed, to put Trusteesabufuig. any Act of Parliament, made or to be made for the Repair of any Turnpike Road, into Execution, shall or exceeding abuse or exceed their Power, by eroding or causing to be eroded, or continuing or causing to be continued, their im any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, where they have not any Power, by virtue of any Ad Parliament, to ered such Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes; it shall and may be lawful to and mentioned, for the Justices of the Pfcace of the County, Riding, Division, or Place, where any such Gate or Gates, the CeneraT Turnpike or Turnpikes, is or shall be ereaed or continued, in their General Quarter Sessions assembled, Quarter Sessionr upon Complaint of such Abuse or Exocfe of Power in such Commissioners and Trustees, in a summarymay ^temnne Way to hear and determine the same; and thereupon to order the Sheriff of the County, who is hereby 5^rCono authorised and required to execute such Order, to remove any such Gate or Gates, Turnpike Or a summary Way) Turnpikes# and the Sheriff

is to execute their Order.

XLII. And be it enacted, That all and every Mortgagee and Mortgagees, that hath or have taken Or Mortgagee tak-been in Possession, or shall hereafter take and be in Possession, of any Toll-gate or Bar, set up or erected on ing Possessioo of any Turnpike Road, shall, within fourteen Days after he, she, or they, shall have received Notice m *»y Toll-gate, Writing from the Trustees, or Commissioners of such Turnnike Roads, or any five of* them, render upon ^c?nnthupo* Oath, to his administered and taken by and before one Justice of the Peace, or any one Trustee or MJonie" CommifRoner of such Turnpike Road, an exact Account ui Writing, to such Trustees or Commissioners, or to any Person appointed by them, or any five of them, to be named in such Notice, of all Monies received by such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, or by any other Person or Persons, for his, her, or their Use and Benefit, or by his, her, or their Authority, at such Toll-gate or Bar, and of what he, she, or they, have expended in keeping the same; and in case he, she, or they, shall neglect to render such Account, oh Forfeiture of when required in the Manner herein directed, he, she, or they, shall severally forfeit and pay to the said 101. for every Trustees or Commissioners for every Refusal. Neglect, or Omission, to render such Account, the Sum of j^ra 1 or Ne* ten Pounds; to be recovered by the said Trustees or Commissioners of any five or more of them, or by the c 9 Treasurer or Clerk to the ftiid Trustees or Commissioners, in a summary Manner, before one Justke of thet0 be applied t# Peace; which, when recovered, shall be applied to the Use of the respective Road or Roads whereon such the Use of tht Toll-gate or Bar shall be placed. Road:

XLIII. And be it Further enacted, That if any such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall keep Possession of p any Toll-gate or Bar, by him, her, or themselves, or by any other Person or Persons on his, her, or their Behalf, and receive the Tolls or Duties thereat, after such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall have received Tolls, after hi* the foil Sum or Sums of Money due on their respective Mortgage or Mortgages, and the Interest thereof, Debr, Interest* with Costs; such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall forfeit and pay, as a Penalty, to the said Trustees or and Costs are Commissioners, double the oum or Sums of Money he, she, or they, shall have received over and above the said» 11 *° f?r* Sum or Sums of Money due as aforesaid, with Treble Costs of Suit; to be recovered by the said Trustees Sums°so receiver Commissioners, or by the Treasurer or Clerk to such Trustees or Commissioners, by Action of Debt, cd, with Treble Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record; which, when recovered, shall be Costs of Suit applied to the Use of the respective Road or Rjoadson which such Toll-gate or Bar shall be placed. 10 applied r®

0 r the Use jf the

Road.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any two or ^on ’ij* more Trustees or Commissioners of any Turnpike Road, upon the Death of any Toll-gatherer or Gate-teipWy appointed Or be appointed to collect the Toilauptfn such Turnpike Road, to nominate and appoint a letnjw-

appointing one.

336 C. 40. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

ho is to be ac- appoint f°me other fit Person in his Place, until the next Meeting of the Trustees or Commissioners of countable tillC* J which Person, so to be nominated and appointed, shall have the like Power anti Authority,

the next Meet- and be accountable in the same Manner, in all Respects, as the Person so dying had, or would have been, ing of the Com- if living: And that if any Toll-gatherer or Gate-keeper, who shall be discharged from his Office by the missioners. Trustees or Commissioners authorised for that Purpose, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of the refus* House, Buildings, and Appurtenances, which he enjoyed in Right of his Appointment to that Office, ing to^delivcf1 of within two Days after Notice of his Discharge shall be given to him, or left at his House; or if the Wife Possession of the or Family of any such Toll-gatherer or Gate-keeper who shall die as aforesaid, shall refuse to deliver up the House, Sec. Possession of such House, Buildings, and Appurtenances, within four Days after such new Appointment or the Wife or fta]] be made as aforesaid; then, and in either of the said cases, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice 'as ft all die Kh ^eace for County, Division, or Place, where such Turnpike-house shall be, by Warrant under

Cdnftabie^by his Hand and Seal, to order the Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, v/arrant of a to enter such House and Premises in the Day-time, and to remove the Persons who shall be found justice, may en- therein, together with their Goods, out of such House, and to put the new appointed Officer into the ter the Pre- Possession thereof.

miles, &c.

ind put the new appointed Officer in Ptflcffiion.

Collector and

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Gate-keeper or Toll-gatherer of every such Toll-gate or Surveyors to ac- Bar, and every Surveyor of any Turnpike Road, shall, when required, by Notice in Writing from the Oath* Then said Trustees or Commissioners, or any five or more of them, render upon Oath, to be administered by, Required j and taken before, any one Justice of the Peace, Trustee, or Commissioner of such Turnpike Road, a true and exact Account in Writing, to thosaid Trustees or Commissioners, or to any Person to be named in such Notice appointed by them, or any five or mor6 of them, of all Monies received by him, her, or them, at such Toll-gate or Bar, or otherwise on account of such Turnpike Road, not before accounted for, under Penalty of under the Penalty of five Pounds for every such Offence or Neglect; to be recovered in a summary Man-5 l. ner before any one Justice of the Peace, and applied to the Use of the respective Roadon which such Toll-

gate shall be placed.

No Collector or XLV{. And be it further enacted, That no Gate keeper of any Turnpike Road, or Person renting the Renter of the Tolls thereof, and residing in any Toll-house belonging to the said Trust, shall be removeable from such Tolls, may be Toll-house, by the Order of any Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of any Laws now in being for the removed by vir- Re]jef or Regulation of the Poor, unless he shall become actually chargeable to some Parish or Place; laws, unless he ant* ^at no such Gate-keeper or Person renting such Tolls, and residing in such Toll-house as aforesaid, become charge- shall thereby gain a Settlement in any Parish or Place whatsoever; and that no Tolls to be taken at any able; nor ftail Gate erected, or to be erected, by the Trustees of any Turnpike Road, nor any Toll-house erected, or to be gain any Set- be erected, for the Purpose of collecting the same, nor any Person in respect of such Tolls or Toll-house, T<Jisntnor shall rated or assessed towards the Payment of any Poors Rate, or any other Publick or Parochial Lety

he! ncrThc whatsoever.

Tolls, be liable to any Prrochial Tax.

Constablesmak-

XLVII. And to enforce further a due observance of this Act, be it enacted, That every Constable, ing Default in Headborough, or Tythingman, refusing or neglecting to put this Act into Execution, or to account for executing Ms anc* deliver nny Forfeiture or Penalty, according to the Directions of this Act; and every Surveyor of any &c? Turnpike Road, and every Toll-gatherer, and all Persons employed, or to be employed, by Commissioners and’Surveyors, or Trustees appointed or to be appointed for the repairing Roads, as do or shall receive Salaries or Re-Collectors, &c. wards, who shall wilfully neglect, for the Space of one Week after the Offence committed, to seize any negledbng to supernumerary Horse or Horses drawing within their View or Knowledge in any Waggon^ Wain, or Cart, merary^Horse"i contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; or shall wilfully neglect for the same Time to lay drawing in Wag- such Information, upon Oath, before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, gons, or to give Riding, Division, or Place, wherein such Offence was committed, or before the Commissioners or Trustees due information at their respective Meetings, as by this Act is directed; shall, upon due Information'made, upon Oath, of the Offence, before one or more of his Majesty's Tuft ices of the Peace for the said County, Riding, Division or Place, forfeit 101. forfeit, for every such Neglect, the Sum of ten Pounds.

Any Seizure or XLVII F. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That whatever Person or Persons shall Distress made for make any Seizure or Distress of any Horse, Beast, Gears, or other Things, for any of the Forfeitures any Fotfcitura hereby incurred, unless by Warrant from a Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Commissioners of any Tum-vvv^nT1^ pursuant to the Authority hereby given; such Person or Persons shall deliver the same into the to be delivered* Custody of the Constable, or some other Parish Officer of the same, next, or adjacent. Town or Parish, ever to the Con- wljcre such Seizure or Diihefs is made, who are hereby required to receive into their Custody, and safely to ft.tide, 111 proof keep the same, till the Person or Persons who made such Distress or Seizure shall make Proof, upon Oath, mrie of :h<- before some Justice of the Peace, of the Offence committed; but if such Proof shall not be made within Odsneej and if JDays after such Delivery, then such Horse, Beast, Gears, or other Things, shall be restored to the 6°Days^the Vi Owner; and the Person making such Seizure shall pay such reasonable Charges to the Constable or other ref/to be rc- Officer for the keeping and fectiring thereof, as the said Justice or Justices shall allow and direct; and turned to the the said Justice or Justices, before whom such Proof is made, are hereby required, after Conviction, to Owner; and jf]ue their Precept to such Constable or Parish Officer, immediately to deliver the Horse, Beast, Gears, or l*T T-x*ences of ot^er Things, so forfeited, to the Party or Parties who seized or distrained the same, to and for their foie k'-cpMg'"but° Use and Benefit; paying such reasonable Charges for keeping and securing such Horse or Horses, Beads, or upon Convic- other Things, as the said Justice or Justices shall allow and direct: And every Person making Seizure of

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. C. 40. 337

any such Horse, Bead, Goars, *or other Things* and not prosecuting such Seizure Within the Time and in *»«". Or*r Manner aforesaid, shall forfeit to the Owner of such Horse, Bcaft, Gears, or other Things, the Sum ofl0,^ ma<Jctjr forty Shillings for every such Seizure.

Party, Party not duly prosecuting such Seizure, forfeit! 401.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Con vision shall be had or made by virtue of AH Com ;<fti >na this Act, unless upon Confession of the Party acctifsd, or upon the Oath of one or mpre credible Witness *obe upon Co*, or Wuneflcs; and that any Inhabitant of any Parish, Township, or Place, in which any Offence shall^1011 of th* be committed contrary to this Act, shall be deemed a competent Witness, notwithstanding his or her o/ouhfof one being an inhabitant of such Parish, Township, or Place; and that any Justice of the Peace may aft in or more Wit. the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding he may be a Trustee for repairing and amending the Roads on ncir«j inh«bi-Which any Offence, contrary to this Act, shall be committed. tJn,s

competent Witnesses; and any Justice, though a Trustee, may ad therein.

L. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall resist, or make forcible Opposition penalty of ob-gainst, any Person or Persons employed in the due Execution of this Act; or lh*Jl assault any Collectorftmding the or Collectors of the Polls in the Execution of his or their Office or Offices; or shall forcibly pass through Execution of ^my Turnpike-gate or Gates, Rail or Rails, Chain or Chains, or other Fence or Fences, set up, or to be let up, by Authority of Parliament, without paying the Toll appointed to be paid at such Gate or other Fence; here mentioned w shall hinder, or attempt to prevent or obstruct, any such Person or Persons in the measuring or gauging the Wheels of any Carriage; or seising or distraining of any Horse, or Beatt of Draught, hereby directed to be forfeited for the Offences herein before mentioned; or make any Rescue of Cattle, or other Goods distrained by virtue of this Act; or if any Constable, Headborough, or Tythingman, shall refuse or neglect to execute any Warrant granted by any Justice or Justices of the reace, or by any Commissioners or 1 ruf-tees, pursuant to the Directions of this or any Turnpike Road Act; every such Person offendinga0ySumtot therein, and being convicted thereof in Manner aforesaid, Inali, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding 101* exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices of the Peace nor ,e‘r‘t!'*n. before whom he or she shall be so convicted; to be paid to the Surveyor of the Turnpike Roads where the J®ts* bc piV*c Offence was committed, and laid out in the Repairs thereof: And in case he or she do not forthwith pay, or Surtesor^ if secure to be naid, the said Forfeiture, after such Conviction; then it shall and may be lawful for such not forthwith Justice or Justices of the Peace to commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol, or House of Cor- paid, or Security rection, of the County, Division, or Place, where such Offence shall be committed, there to remain for any *,vcn»she °fm Time not exceeding three Months, unless the said Forfeiture shall be sooner paid. committed*

Xrl. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed for any Offence f l.

gainst the same, and all Costs and Charges to be allowed and ordered f>y the Authority of this Act, (the Manner of levying and recovering of which is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied by charge/, not Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, or Person liable or ordered to pay the same otherwise diitA-respectively, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of some Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding. *<? levied Division, or Place, where such Offence, Neglect, or Default, shall happen, or such Order for Payment

such Costs or Charges shall be made, rendering the Overplus of such Distrefe, if any, to the Party or Par-. ties, after deducting the Charges of making the same; which Warrant such Justice is hereby impowered and required to grant upon Conviction of the Offender by Confession, or upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or upon Order made as aforesaid; and the Penalties and Forfeitures, when Ap^ficatiot so levied, shall be paid, the one-half to the Informer, and the other half to the Surveyor of the Turn- thereof. pike Road where such Offence, Neglect, or Default, shall happen; to be employed towards the Repair thereof, unless otherwise directed by this Act: And in case such Distress cannot be found, and such Penal- For want of Dif-ties and Forfeitures, or the said Costs or Charges, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for ucf*&c. such Justice, and he is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender or Offenders, or Person or Persons liable to pay the same respectively, to the Common Offend* to be Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, Division, or Place, where the Offence shall be com- committed, mitced, or such Order as aforesaid shall be made, for any Time not exceeding three Months; unless the said Penalty, Forfeiture, Costs, or Charges, shall respectively be sooner paid: And if such Offender or Warrant m»y be Offenders, or Person or Persons liable or ordered to pay the same respectively, shall live out of the Jurisdiction backed by toy of the Justice or Justices hereby authorised to grant such Warrant; it shall and may be lawful for any justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, or Place, wherein such Person shall inhabit; and every o!ftrtfi art such Justice is hereby required, upon Request to him for that Purpose made, and upon a true Copy of the sjr made *c-Convicthn whereby such Forfeiture or Penalty was incurred, or of the Order for the Payment of such cording;

O fts or Charges produced and proved by a ciedible Witness upon Oath, by Warrant under his Hand and

Seal, to cause the Penalty or Forfeiture mentioned in such Conviction, or the Costs or Charges mentioned '

in such Order, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders,

or Pi rfon or Persons liable or ordered to pay the same respectively, as aforesaid; and if no sufficient Distress and forwent of

can be had, to commit such Offender or Offenders, or Person or Persons liable as aforesaid, to the Com- OiArefc, Offend-

rr*on Gaoler House of Correction of such County, Riding, Division, or Place, for the lime and in [Jdt0 bc C0IUJm|p

Manner aforesaid.

LII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whatever Penalty or Forfeiture shall be levied or reco- Penalise* or Fo* vered on the Information of the Surveyor of any Turnpike Road, or of any Toll-gatherer, or other Person employed by the Commissioners or Trustees appointed for repairing the Roads, and receiving Salaries of a'surlef. or Rewards for their Services, shall go god bc applied to the amending of the Uid Turnpike Roads respect or or Cojicaortively, &«,

33* C. 40.

Anno septimo Georgii III.

A. 0.1767.

ao be applied to tively, and to no other Use or Purpose whatever; any Thing in this or any other Act to the contrary not-

Jtoa*Fai,0ftbC with^anding.

Prosecutors or

LIII. And be it enacted, That every Prosecutor or Informer may, at his Election, sue for and recover informer* at any Forfeiture or Penalty imposed by this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament made, or to be made, for liberty to sue, erecting Turnpikes, or for repairing and amending Turnpike Roads, in the same Manner as such Forfei-iihcr.s there. tures anj Penalties are severally and respectively directed to be sued for and recovered, or by Action at Law, p^LAftsdlrea*to brought W such Informer or Prosecutor in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Manner follower, in the Count ing, (that is to say) where any Person shall be liable to such pecuniary Penalty, it shall and may be lawful of Record, by to sue for and recover the same by Action of Debt; in which it shall be sufficient to declare, that the De-Action of Debt, fendant is indebted to the Plaintiff in the Sum of

being forfeited by an Act passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,4 An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being for regulat- ing the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned ;* and where the Penalty or Forfeiture is or shall be of any Horse or Beast of Draught, or other Goods, by an Action of Trover against the Person liable to such Penalty or Forfeiture, in which the said Forfeiture shall be sufficient Evidence of Property to the Plaintiff; and in which the Value of such Horse, Beast of Draught, or other Goods, as is or are liable to the Forfeiture, shall be given in Damages, without any Proof of Seizure or Demand; and the Plaintiff, if he recover in any such Action, shall have full Costs: Provided that there shall not be more than one Recovery for the same Offence; and that ten Days Notice, in Writing, be g|ven to the Party offending, previous to the Commencement of such Action; and that the same be brought one Recovery for and commenced within one Calendar Month after the Offence, for which such Action is brought, shall the ferr.e Of- have been committed.

nee; and Notice

also to be given to the Party; and Action brought within a certain Time.

r of Trover

and recovering, me intitled to full Costs.

No more than

Distref* for Mo-

LIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money *ey not deemed to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful; nor the Party or Par-fcr1^efauit&of Pes making the ^ame be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Default or Want of Form Form in the in any Proceedings relating thereto 5 nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or

Preceding*; Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parges

or the Partj distraining 5 but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, may recover full Satisfaction for the

T^efpaflerabin- Special Damage in an Action on the Cale.

»Jtio, on account of any subsequent Irregularity.

Plaintiff in any

LV. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any such Irregu-A^on for irre- jarjty, Trespass, or wrongful Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on thereto recoverwh ere half of the Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, any such Irregularity, Tender of A- Trespass, or wrongful Proceedings, before such Action brought: And in case no such Tender shall have .»ends has been been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where made before Ac- such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he non brought. or they shall see fit; whereupon such Proceedings, or Orders and Judgements, shall be had, made, and d\onp!y MonTy Sivcn> *n an(* by Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into

into Court before Court.

JHue joined.

Perfom sggriev-

LVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved «shy 'rust^ew by any Thing done by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Commissioners, or Trustees, in puffuance of this Truste«inayS or Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already appointed; such Person may appeal to appeal (where the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County, Riding, aot otherwisedi- Division, or Place, wherein the Cause of such Complaint shall arise, within six Months after the Cause of jested);othe such Complaint shall have arisen; such Appellant first giving, or causing to be given, to such Justice, ?ession* C^after Commissioners, or Trustees, by whose Act or Acts such Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved. Due Notice to eight Days Notice at the least in Writing of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter be given of in- thereof; and within four Days after such Notice, entering into Recognizance before some Justice of the ention to appeal; p€ace for the said County, Riding, Division, or Place, with one sufficient Surety, conditioned to try such and Recognw- y\ppea) at> and abide the Order of, and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by, the Justices of such Quar-wd inm. COtCT* ter Session; and every Justice of the Peace, and the Commissioners or Trustees, having received Notice of Preceding*had such Appeal as aforesaid, shall return all Proceedings whatever had before them respectively, touching the in the Ca.'e, to Matter of such Appeal, to the said Justices at their General Quarter Sessions aforesaid, on Pain of forfeit-bc returned into ing five Pounds for every such Neglect; and the said Justices at such Session, upon due Proof of such No-Forfc'uure'ofn I t*ce being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine Court to deter- the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing mine the Matter or appealed against as they, the said Justices, shall think proper; to be levied and recovered as herein be-in a/ummary fore directed ;. and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Way, and award purposes; and that no Proceeding to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated rh^r Defer- v^ant of Form, or removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Ma-mination to be fi- jesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Proceeding not remove able by Certiorari, &c*

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. C. 40. 339

LVII. Provided, That no such Appeal shall be made against any Conviction, for the Forfeiture of any Where APPei! Horse or other Heart by virtue of this Act, unless the Person convicted shall, at the Time of such Convie-tion, give Notice of his or her Intention to appeal; and at the same Time enter into Recognizance, with for\heVorki? sufficient Sureties, to pay the Value of such Horse or ocher Heart, in case such Conviction shall be affirmed Uire of any upon such Appeal; and upon his or her giving such Security, such Horse or other Heart shall be forthwith Hotfc, &c. delivered to such Person. t Notice of Appeal

» to be given at

the Time of Conviction, and Recognizance, with Sureties, entered into; and Horse to be thereupon returned.

LVni. And be it enacted, That where any Oath |j hereby required and diretfled to be made or talcen, o&'hs to be ad* the Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding, Division, or Place, or the Trustees or Commission- mmiftered by ers of any Turnpike Road, as the Case may be, and according to the several Jurisdictions herein Justice#» °* given to them respectively as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby respectively impowered to administer lrustee*’ the same.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the several Powers, Provisions, Regulations, Commencement Clauses, and Matters therein contained, shall commence and take effect on the twenty-ninth Day of Sep- of this Act. tember next ensuing.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Limitation* of Persons for any Thing done or acted in pursuance of this Act, then, and in every such Case, such Action Actiom. or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted within three Calendar Months after the Fast committed, and not afterwards; and the same, and every such Action or Suit, shall be brought in the County, Riding, Division, or Place, where the Person against whom such Action or Suit shall be commenced doth ordinarily inhabit and reside, or in the County, Riding, Division, or Place, where the Fast was committed, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in every such Action or Suit, shall and may plead the General General I (The* Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited for bringing the same, or be brought and laid in any other County, Riding, Division, or Place, than as aforementioned, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall he given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for Recovery thereof, as any Defendant or De- Tieble Co*ir fendants hath or have in any other Cases by Law.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the twenty-eighth Day of September next, so much Repeal of To of an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An much of the Act for punishing such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes for re- pairing Highways; or Locks or other Works, erected by Authority of Parliament, for making Rivers ioTurnp*k«; 4 navigable*) as relates to Turnpikes; as also so much of an Act passed in the fifth Year of his late Majesty Act 1 Geo. King George the Second (intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in stat. *. c. 19* 4 the first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for punishing such Persons as shall wilfully 5 Geo. ». c. jj. 4 ami maliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes for repairing Highways \ or Locks or other Works, erected by Authority of Parliament for making Rivers navigable)* as relates to Turnpikes; as also so much of an Act passed in the eighth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act for rendering the 8 Geo. 1. c. s% 4 Laws more effectual for punishing such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes for repairing Highways; or Locks or other Works, erected by Act of Parliament, for making Rivers navigable; and for other Purposes therein mentioned*) as relates to Turnpikes; as also so much of n Act passed in the fourteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act for T4 o#.». c. 41* 4 the Preservation of the Publick Roads in that Part of Great Britain called Englandf as relates to the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; as also an Act passed in the twenty-first Year of his late Majesty King at Geo. t. c.sS# George the Second (intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Prefer'vation of the Publick Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England) and so much of an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of King William and 3 Will.* Marj* Queen Mary (intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways, and for settling the c-

Rates of the Carriage of Goods, as relates to the settling the Rates of the Carriage of Goods*) except so much thereof as relates to the Rate or Price for Carriage of Goods; as also an Act passed in the twenty- f*r coring. fourth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act for the more effectual Prefer-

+ vation of the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for the Disposition of *4Cro. j. c. 4

Penalties given by Acts of Parliament relating to the Highways in that Part of Great Britain called Eng- *illt ‘c* 4 l/ind% and for enforcing the Recovery thereof; and for the more effectual preventing of Mischief occa- ^ntin° Mischief Honed by the Drivers riding upon Carts, Drays, Carrs, and Waggons, in the City of London, and within i wLd b y*

ten Miles thereof) except so much thereof as relates to the preventing Mischief occasioned by the I>riv- Driver* r.cm* ers riding upon Carts, Drays, Carrs, and Waggons, in the City of London; as also another Act passed in upon Cait.*, kei the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, (intituled, An Act for lD

the Amendment and Preservation of the publick Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and l6°co*l*c* 3* 4 for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating the reto*) as also an Act passed in the twenty-eighth iSOro.s. c. 17. Year of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act to amend an Act made in the e3UrF< so much twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Prefer-

vatiw of the tublick Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution lx!’

tut J,crwi relating the reto) except so much thereof as coiuiuucs the Acts them made so repairing and

340 C. 41. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

ad 6 Geo. 3.

amending Turnpike Roads, subject to the Tolls and Duties by such Acts respectively granted 5 as also att 50 Geo. «. c. 17. Act passed in the thirtieth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act for en- larging the Times for the first Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees, for putting in Execution certain

30 Geo. a. c. 28.4 Acts of this Session of Parliament*) and also another Act passed in the thirtieth Year of h»s said late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act to render more effectual the several Laws now in being,

for the Amendment and Preservation of the publick Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom*)

31 Geo. s. c. 34. as also an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, (intituled, An Act for enlarging the Times for the first Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees, for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Sessions of Parliament, and for other Purposes therein mentioned*) as also art

5 Geo. j. c. 38. Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act to continue Part of aiv

Act made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to render more effectual the several Laws now in beings for the Amendment and Preservation of the publick

Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for making further Provisions for the Preservation of the said Roads) / as also an Act passed in the sixth Year of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act forex-

plaining, amending^ and further enforcing, the Execution of two several Acts, one made in the twenty*

sixth Year of his late Majesty, and the other in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the

Amendment and Preservation of the publick Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and for

obliging Mortgagees taking Possession of Toll-gates, on Turnpike Roads, and Toll-gatherers appointed*

by them, to account’) shall be, and the same are hereby repealed*

CAP. XLI.

An Act to enable his Majesty to put the Customs, and other Duties, in the British Dominions in America, and the Execution of the Laws relating to Trade there, under the Management of Commissioners to be appointed for that Purpose, and to be resident in the said Dominions.

[Preamble reciting Act 25 Car. 2. c. 7.]

'WHEREAS in pursuance of an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland trades, and for the better securing the Plantation Trade, the Rates and Duties imposed by that, and several subsequent Acts of Parliament, upon various Goods imported into, or exported from the British Colonies and Plantations in America, have been put under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the time being, by and under the Authority and Directions of the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being: And whereas the Officers appointed for the Collection of the said Rates and Duties in America, are obliged to apply to the said Commissioners of the Customs in England, for their special Instructions and Directions, upon every particular Doubt and Difficulty which arises in relation to the Payment of the said Rates and Duties; whereby all Persons concerned in the Commerce and Trade of the said Colonies and Plantations are greatly obstructed and delayed in the carrying on and transacting of their Business: And whereas the appointing of Commissioners to be resident in some convenient Part of his Majesty's Dominions in America, and to be

inverted with such Powers as are now exercised by the Commissioners of the Customs in England, by virtue of the Laws in being, would relieve the said Merchants and Traders from the said Inconveniencies, tend to the Encouragement of Commerce, and to the better securing of the said Rates and Duties, by the more speedy, and effectual Collection thereof:* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s tnoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-His Majesty au- ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Customs, and other Duties imposed, by any thoriftii to put Act or Acts of Parliament, upon any Goods or Merchandizes brought or imported into, or exported or the Customs, and carried from, any British Colony or Plantation in America, may, from Time to Time, be put under the the Cprhi^Co- Management and Direction of such Commissioners, to reside in the said Plantations, as his Majesty, Ids* Jonies in Ameri* Heirs and Successors, by his or their Commission or Commissions under the Great Seal of Great Britain, C3} under the shall judge to be most for the Advantage of Trade, and Security of the Revenue of the said British Colonies; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CoTmilTcn*n to be refuient there s

[Their Power with regard to

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners so to be regard to appointed, or any three or more of them, shall have the same Powers and Authorities for carrying into ExeJutfrrT the Execution the federal Laws relating to the Revenues and Trade of the said British Colonies in America, LatUting to'cls were, before the passing of this Act, exercised by the Commissioners of the Customs in England, by the Revenue* virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force: And it shall and may be lawful to and for his Ma-and Trade or ihcjeft/, his Heirs and Successors, in such Commission or Commissions, to make Provision for putting in Exe-taid Colonies, cution the several Laws relating to the Customs and Trade of the said British Colonies; any Law, Cutom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

ComraiiTiuns, to make Provision for the Execution of the said Laws there.

---

[Deputations, &c. granted by the Commissioners of the Customs]

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Deputations, and other Authorities, granted by the Commissioners of the Customs in England before the passing of this Act, or which may be granted by them before any Commission or Commissions shall issue in pursuance of

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 42. 341

[in England, to be in force there, till revoked by the Treasury.]

this Act, to any Officer Or Officers acting in the said Colonies or Plantations, shall continue in Force as fully to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made, until the Deputations, or other Authorities, so granted to such Officer or Officers respectively, shall be revoked, annulled or made void, by the High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being.

CAP. XLII.

An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Statutes now in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the Publick Highways of this Kingdom; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[See cap. 40 and 8 Geo. 3. c. 5.]

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS the several Statutes now in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the Highways of this Kingdom are very numerous, and, in some Respects, ineffectual: And whereas the good Purposes thereby intended might be better effected if the said Statutes were entirely repealed, and reduced into one Act;' be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Annual Lists to be made out in September yearly of a certain Number of Persons,]

---

That from henceforth, upon the twenty-second Day of September in every Year, unless that Day shall be Sunday, and then on the Day following, the Constables, Head- !?* boroughs, Tythingmen, Churchwardens, Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, and Householders, being nf a certain*‘ ahl-jied to any Parochial or Publick Rate, of every Parish, Township, or Place, for which Surveyors of the Number of Highways have been usually appointed, shall assemble together at the Church or Chapel of such Parish, Person?, Township, or Place; or if there shall be no Church or Chapel, then at the usual Place of publick Meetings for such Parish, Township, or Place, at the Hour of Eleven in the Forenoon; and the major Part of to frrvt'

them so assembled, shall make a List of the Names of, at lead, ten Persons living within such respective ^fS^7^w»v^ Parishes, Townships, or Places, who each of them have an Estate in Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- 6

ments, lying within such respective Parish, Township, or Place, in their own Right, or in the Right of their Wives, of the Value of ten Pounds by the Year, or la personal Estate of the Value of one hundred Pounds, or are Occupiers or Tenants of Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the yearly Value of thirty Pounds: And if there shall rot be ten Persons having such Qualification as aforesaid, then they shall inlVrt in such Lift the Names of so many of such Persons as are so qualified as above required, together with the Names of so many of the most sufficient and able Inhabitants of such Parish, Township, or Place, not so qualified, as shall make up the Number Ten, if so many can be found; if not, so many as shall be there rdident, to serve the Office of Surveyor of the Highways: And the Constable, Head borough, or The Lifts ro^; Tythingman, of such Parish, Township, or Place, shall return such Lilt unto two or more Justices of the returned ro the Peace of the County, Hiding, Division, City, Corporation, Precinct, or Liberty, in which such Parish, lJheir

Township, or Place, shall be, at their Special Sessions to be held for that Purpose, on the first Monday in October !0Q" October next following, or within fifteen Hays after, in every Year and shall also, within three Days after and Notice!to bd the making the said Lift, give Personal Notices to, or cause Notices in Writing to be left at, the Places of glv?n to the per-Abode of the several Persons contained in such Lift, informing them of their being so named, to the Intent ions named that they may severally appear before the Justices at the said special Sessions, to accept such Office, if they therein to attend, -shall be appointed thereto, or to shew Cause, if they have any, against their being appointed; and the said Justices are hereby authorised and required to hold such Special Sessions at such convenient Place or Places within their respective Jurisdictions, as they in their Distretion shall judge proper; and to give Notice of The Justices ars the Time and Place where they intend to hold the same, to the Constabics, Headboroughs, or Tything* to me timely men, of every such Parish, Township, or Place, at least ten Days before the holding of the said Stffien; Notice °* hcM-and the said Justices, then and there, from the said Lifts, according to their Discretion, and the Largcness ^r^/aid of the Parish, Township, or Place respectively, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, find! nominate and arc'to noml-or appoint one, or two, or more of such Persons as aforesaid, to be Surveyor or Surveyors of the High- nare such a ways of every such Parish, Township, or Place respectively, for the Year ensuing; which Nomination and Number to be Appointment shall, by the Constables, Headboroughs, or Tythingmen aforesaid, be notified to the Person Survc " ai or Persons so nominated, cholen, and appointed, by the said Justices, within three Days after such Nomi- ,jud£f

nation, by fervieg him or them with the said Warrant or Warrants, or by leaving the same, or a true Co- and the Con-py thereof, at his or their House or Houses, or usual Place or Places of Abode; and the Person or Persons rubles are ton*, so nominated and appointed, shall be Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for the Parish, Township, or tif/ such Nomi« Place, for which he or they shall have been so nominated and appointed, for the Year ensuing, and shall nri0D accord-take upon him or them, and duly execute, the Office aforesaid; and the said Justices shall then and there 0^ of Sur-give such of the said Surveyors as shall personally appear before them, a Charge for the better Performance v?.or to be so# ' of their Duty according to the Directions of this Act: And if any of the said Persons so nominated, and one Yc-rj served'wish the said Notice, shall refute or neylcft to appearand accept the said Office, if appointed thereto an<1 rbe JuAiret in Manner aforesaid, at the said Special Stilton, or shall not, within six Days after being served with such Warrant of Appointment, figrrify his or their Acceptance thereof, either in Person or by Writing, to one whei^Vhe per. of the said Justices, he or they, so refilling and neglecting, shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds: A’ d in ruminated calc of such Neglect or Refusal as aforesaid, the said Justices, or any two of them, a.e hereby imp.»we:cd re?left or iciufr at the same Sessions, or at any Time afterwards, to nominate and appoint some other fit Person lt Persons v crve* they named in the said Lift, to perform the said Office; who, upon being served with the Warrant for his or are tt

their Appointment, in Manner aforesaid, shall, within one Week afterwards, signify to the said Justices, or '

coe of them, either in Person, 01 by Writing, his or their Acceptance of the said Office; and li he or they iu» iLcj, od

342 C. 42. Anno septimo Georgii III. A. 1767.

neglect or re-

neglect or refuse so to do, he or they shall forfeit the like Sum of five Pounds respectively: And in case fUfnukew^fe' no shall be returned, or the Person so nominated and appointed stall not take upon him the said

If no List be* re-

Office, or stall die in the Execution thereof, the said Justices, or any two of them, shall and may nomi-tumed, or the nate and appoint such Person or Persons as he or they stall think proper to execute the same: And if the Persons refuse to Constables, Headboroughs, Tythingmen, Churchwardens, Surveyors of the Highway, and such House-f-e, or cein holders as aforesaid, of any Parift, Township, or Place, stall neglect or refuse to make such Lift as afore-Tuft ices are j<, e ^a*d > or the Constables, Head boroughs, or Tythingmen, of any Parift, Township, or Place, or some or Appoint such at one of stem* stall not return the said Lift of Names when made, and give such Notice or Notices, and they think, serve such Warrant or War ants, as in this Act is directed; every of them, so neglecting or refusing in any proper. of the said cases, stall, for every such Default respectively, forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings.

.4.0 s. Penalty on not making, or returning, such Lists, or giving due Notice, &c. to the Parties.

Where a Choice

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if two Parts out of three of the Persons so to be bemadcof assembled in any such Parift, Township, or Place, for the Nomination of Surveyors as aforesaid, shall !and Experience* a£ree m fte Choice of any particular Person of Skill and Experience to serve the said Office of Surveyor for to serve, with a such Parift, Township, or Place, and in the settling of a certain Salary for his Trouble therein, to be al-S alary feu led for lowed as hereafter directed, and stall return the Name of such Person, together with the Lift herein before his Trouble, and directed, to the Justices of the Peace at their laid Sessions, to be held on the first Monday in October as b^>«: returned, aforesaid, or within fifteen Days after; that then, and in every such Case, it stall and may be lawful for The said Justices, if they shall think proper, to appoint such Person to be Surveyor for such rarift. Town-justices/if they ship, or Place; which Surveyor so appointed stall, in all Respects, have the same Power and Authority* think proper, and be liable to the same Penalties and Forfeitures for Neglect of Duty, as if he had been chosen and ap-

appoint pointed from the Lift to be returned as aforesaid: And the said Justices stall likewise, in their Discretion,

a allow°such such Salary, so settled as aforesaid (such Salary to be paid out of the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Com-

Salary poiition-money, to arise by virtue of this Act, within the Year ensuing).

fame to be paid out of the Penalties, Arc.

lo Tree of Bush

III. And be it further enacted, That no Tree, Bust, or Shrub, shall be permitted to (land or grow In to be allowed to any Highway within the Distance of fifteen Feet from the Center thereof; but the same stall be cut tv^in i^Feetof down, grubbed up, and carried away, by the Owner or Owners of the Land or Soil where the same the Center of the doth or stall stand or grow, within ten Days after Notice to him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Stew-Highway, on ard or Agent, given, by the said Surveyors, or any of them, on Pain of forfeiting, for every Neglect, the: ForfeitureoflOJ. Sum of ten Shillings. iby the Owner.

Regulations to

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Possessors of the Land next adjoining to anjr Highway shall be observed by from Time to Time, and at all Times, keep their Hedges plashed, cut, or pruned, right up from the the PofieUors of R00tS) so as no Tree, Bust, or Shrub, belonging to such Hedge, shall stand or grow in, nor any Bough or Joining to any B^nch any ft0*1 Tree, (except of Timber Trees, and Trees not being Pollards) be suffered to hang Highway, with over, any Highway, not bein* thirty Feet broad; and that Ditches, Drains, or Watercourses, of a sufficient «respe& to*keep* Depth and Breadth for the keeping all Highways dry, and conveying the Water from the same, shall be ing their Hedges, made, scoured, cleansed, and kept open, and sufficient Trunks, Tunnels, Platts or Bridges, shall be made pitches. Drams, an(j |ass where any Cartways lead out of the said Highways into the Lands or Grounds adjoining the reto* Tru^nkT^un- by the Occupier or Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds; and every Person or Persons who shall occupy* cnebj, Platts, or any Lands or Grounds adjoining to, or lying near, such Highway through which the Water hath used tc* !B ridges, in pro- pass from the said Highway, stall, and is hereby required, from Time to lime, as ofte'n as Occasion shall per Order} and be, to open, cleanle, and scour, the Ditches, Watercourses, or Drains, for such Water to pass without a!iCMCUplCrl Obstruction; and that every Person making Default in any of the Matters or Things aforesaid, after ten <CrLJnds76 Days Notice to him, her, or them, given of the same by the said Surveyor or Surveyors, shall forfeit the Penalty on Dc- Sum of ten Shillings.

fault, jos.

No Stone or V. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall lay in any Highway any Stone, Timber* f_h'f Matter'° Straw, Dung, or other Matter; and no Person making, scouring, or cleansing, such Ditches or Water-Hiihway- 0" Soi' courses, shall permit the Soil or Earth dug out of such Ditches, Drains, or Watercourses, to remain in such OfDitcher; to Highway, in such Manner as to obstruct or prejudice the same, for the Space of ten Days; and every he ©bflroaion Person or Persons offending in either of the said cases, shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay the Suiq «t Prejudice of ten Shillings, thereof, on Pc-julty of job.;

*nd where any

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Stone, or any Hay, Straw, Stubble, or other Matter, for the orbing, not here- making of Manure, or oa any other Pretence whatsoever, not tolerated by this Act, shall be laid in any by tolerated shall Highway, within the Distance of fifteen Feet from the Center thereof, whereby the same shall be anyway* be so laid withm obstructed or annoyed, it stall and may be lawful for the Owner or Possessor of the Lands adjao nt. Center, °the* or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, to clear the said Highways, by removing the said Stone* Owner*of the Hay, Straw, Dung, qj: other Maaer, and tQ have, take, and dispose of, the same, to his, and their

ifajacent Lands own Use. may remove, and

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 42. 343*

VII. And, for preventing Obstructions in the said Highways, be it enacted, That if any Person shall Pena, ry of

wilfully set, place, or leave any Waggon, Cart, or any other Carriage, or any Plough or instrument in'tht

Husbandry, in any of the said Highways (except only with respect to such Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, Highly, by during such reasonable Time as the same shall be loading or unloading) so as to interrupt or hinder the free Carriages, or Passage of any other Carriage, or of his Majesty's Subjects; every Person so bffending, shall forfeit the implements of Sum of ten Shillings. ~ Husbandxy, 108.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, to be appointed by Surveyor’s Duty

virtue of this Act, shall, at such Times and Seasons as they shall judge proper, view all the Roads, Com- on taking aVior mon Highways, Trunks, Tunnels, Platts, Bridges, causeways,.and Pavements, within the Parish, Town- State ami ship, or Place, for which he or they shall be appointed Surveyor or Surveyors; and in case he or they shall lbe

observe any Nuisances, Incroachments, Obstructions, or Annoyances, made, committed, or permitted, Highways within, upon, or to the Prejudice of them, or any of them, contrary to the Directions of this Act, he or they in hi»Distrk>, shall, from Time to Time, as soon as conveniently may be, give, or cause to be given, to any Person er*in respea of Persons, doing, committing, or permitting, the same, personal Notice, or Notice in Writing, to be left at Nu»rariCe*» in his, her, or their usual Places of Abode, specifying the Particulars wherein such Nuisances, Defaults, Ob- obftCruafOTs> or' structions, or Annoyances, consist: And if such Nuisances, Obstructions, or Annoyances shall not be re- Annoyance*’; moved, and the Ditches, Drains, Gutters, and Watercourses aforesaid, effectually made, scoured, cleansed, wherein he ijto* and opened, and such Trunks, Tunnels, Platts, or Bridges, made and laid, and such Hedges properly cut g»ve Notice to and pruned, within twenty Days after such Notice of the same respectively given; then the said Surveyor ^Jr:,es 10 or Surveyors shall be, and he and they is and are hereby, fully authorised and impowered, within twenty £'.c tic Days afterwards, to remove such Nuisances, Obstructions, or Annoyances, and open, cleanse, and scour, and i? they nei such Ditches, Gutters, and Watercourses, and make or amend such Trunks, Tunnels, Platts, or Bridges, glee*, he is ta* and cut and prune such Hedges, for the Benefit and Improvement of the said Highways, to the best of his emF,0y M«n to or their Skill and Judgement, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and the Person 5®tJhichCafe’ or Persons so neglecting to make, or open and cleanse such Ditches, Gutters, or Watercourses, or to cut Ih^Defruirrrs or prune such Hedges, during the Time aforesaid, after such Notice given, shall forfeit, for every Foot in forfeit* 1 d,per Length which shall be so neglected, the Sum of one Penny; and the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall be Foot, over and reimbursed what Charges and Expences he or they shall be at in removing such Nuisances, Obstructions, aJ,avc the

or Annoyances, and making or opening, cleansing and scouring, such Ditches, Gutters, and Watercourses,

and in making or amending such Trunks, Tunnels, Platts, or Bridges, and in cutting and pruning such Jh^Surveyor $ Hedges respectively, by the Person or Persons who ought to have done the same, over and above the said Forfeiture: And in case such Person or Persons shall, upon Demand, refuse or neglect to pay the said Sur- and if nor paid' veyor or Surveyors his or their Charges and Expences occasioned thereby respectively, then the said Sur- on Demand, t«-veyor or Surveyors shall apply to any Justice of the Peace as aforesaid; and, upon making Oath before him Warrant* f* of Notice being given to the Defaulter in Manner aforesaid, and of the said Work* being.done by such justice"1 ° Surveyor or Surveyors, and of the Expences attending the same, the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall be J repaid by such Person or Persons all such his or their said Charges as shall be allowed to be reasonable by the said Justice; or in Default of Payment thereof, on Demand, the same shall be levied in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures hereby inflicted are directed to be levied.

IX. Provided nevertheless, That no Person or Persons be compelled, nor any Surveyor permitted, by Time*fcutting; virtue of this Act, to cut or prune any Hedge at any other Time than between the last Day of September and hedges,

the last Day of February, and that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to oblige any ?n.d Person or Persons to fell any Timber Trees growing in Hedges at any Time whatsoever, except where the Iimber rec,> Highways shall be ordered to be enlarged as herein after mentioned; or to cut down or grub up any Oak Oak Tree*, Trees growing within such Highway, or in such Hedges, except in the Months of April, May^ or >/y; or any Ash, Elm, or other I rees, in any other Months than the Months of Deeembery january, or February. Highways. "

X. And be it further enacted, That where the Ditches, Gutters, or Watercourses, which have been s irveyor is to ofually made, or which are herein before directed to be made, cleansed, and kept open, shall not be sufficient new

to carry off the Water which shall lie upon and annoy the Highways; that then, and in every such Case, Ditches, Drains, it shall and may be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors (by the Order of any one or more of the said Witncourfa Justices) to make new Ditches and Drains in and through the said Lands or Grounds adjoining or lying -where the old near to such Highway, or in and through any other Lands or Grounds, if it shall be necessary, for the are inefficient, more easy and effectually carrying oft’ such Water from the said Highways; and also to keep such and tokccP Ditches, Gutters, or Watercourses, scoured, cleansed, and opened; and the said Surveyor or Surveyors, r*mc fcPurcd> and his and their Workmen, are hereby authorised to go upon the said Lands for the Purposes aforesaid: ©pined Provided that the said Surveyor or Surveyors make proper Trunks, Tunnels,- Platts, Bridges, or Arches, with proper-over such Ditches, Gutters, or Watercourses, where the same shall be necessary, for the convenient Ule Trunk*, Tmw*-and Enjoyment of the Lands or Grounds through which the lame shall be made, and, from Time to Time, ne,s» pb,t*> keep the same in Repair; and do also make Satisfaction to the Owner or Occupier of such Lands, which

ate not Waste or Common, for the Damages which he, (he* or they, shall sustain thereby, to be settled and paid in such Manner as the Dam ges for getting Materials in several or inclosed Lands, or Grounds making Satise-ate hereafter directed to be settled and paid. uu\on to the

Owner, See. of F

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways shall, and they He it 10 m»ke=-

?rcihetchy required to make every Cartway, leading to any Market Town, twenty Feet wide at the least, the Cjutwayr-it the Qround^between the Fences inclosing the Road, will admit of the same; from Time to Time, leading iom^-

34+ -C. 42<

Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

*0 Fe*t wide tt to repair and sustain the same to the Breadth aforesaid; and that where Horse causeways are used, or fluli Hofft causeways judged proper, they shall not be less than three Feet in Breadth.

3 Feet, and keep the same Ln Repair,

Two or more Justicet may order narrow Roads to be widened to a sufficient Breadth.

Surveyor in such cases, under the Direction, and with the Approbation of the said furtive*, is to make Agreement with the Owners of the Soil, for the Re* compence j and for making new Ditches and Fencesj and if he cannot agree, the Damage and Recompence is to be assessed by

Jufjrj

and upon Payment or Tender of the Money BclTed, dec.

the Parties are deemed diverted of their interests (except with regard to certain Particulars) and the Ground from thenceforth is to be deemed a publick Highway. Where there is not Money suffi-clent for the above Purposet in the Surveyor's Hands, it it to be raised by Asseflnsents by Order of the said. Justices, or the Quarter SdTioiu.

ff the Recommence assess'ed by At Jury he

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where it shall appear, upon the View of any Two or more of the said Justices of Peace, that the Ground or Soil of any Highway between the Fences thereof is not of sufficient Breadth, they shall, and are hereby impowered, within their respective Jurisdictions, to order the same to be enlarged or widened in such Manner as they shall think fit, so that the said Highway, when enlarged, shall not exeed thirty Feet in Breadth; and that the said Power do not extend to pull down any House or Building, or to take away the Ground of any Garden, Park, Paddock, Court, or Yard: And for the Satisfaction of the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, who are seised or possessed of, or interested, in their own Right, or in Trust for any other Person or Persons, in the said Ground that shall be laid into the said Highway, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Justices, shall, and are hereby impowered, to make an Agreement with him, her, or them, for the Recompence to be made for such Ground, and for the making a new JDitch and Fence on that Side of the Highway which shall be so enlarged, according and in proportion to their several and respective Interests therein; and also with any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, that may be injured by the enlarging such Highway, for the Satisfaction to be made to him, her, or them, respectively, as aforesaid: And if the said Surveyor or Surveyors, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Justices, cannot agree with the said Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or if he, she, or they, cannot be found, or shall refuse to treat, or take such Recompence and Satisfaction as shall be offered to them respectively by such Surveyor; then the Justices of the Peace, at any General Quarter Sessions to be holden for the County, Riding, Division, City, Corporation, Precin#, or Liberty, wherein such Ground shall lie, upon Certificate, in Writing, signed by the Justices making such View as aforesaid, of their Proceedings in the Premisses, and upon Proof of six Days Notice in Writing having been given by the Surveyor or Surveyors of such Parish, Township, or Place, <or one of them, to the Owner, Occupier, or other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, interested in such Ground, or to his, her, or their Guardian, Trustee, Clerk, or Agent, signifying an Intention to apply to such Quarter Sessions for the Purpose of taking such Ground, shall impanel a Jury of twelve disinterested Men out of the Persons returned to serve as Jurymen at such Quarter Sessions: And the said Jury shall, upon their Oaths, to the best of their Judgement, assess the Damages to be given, and Recompence to fye made, to the Owners and others interested as aforesaid in the said Ground, for their respective Interests, astbe? shall think reasonable, not exceeding thirty Years Purchase for the clear yearly Value of tb«e Ground lo laid out; and likewise such Recompence as they shall think reasonable for the making of a new Ditch and Fence to that Side of the Highway that shall be so enlarged; and also Satisfaction to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, that may be otherwise injured by the enlarging the said Highways: And upon Payment or Tender of the Money so to be awarded and assessed, to the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, intitled to receive the same, or leaving it in the Hands of the Clerk of the Peace of such County, Riding, Division, City, Corporation, Precin#, or Liberty, in case such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, cannot be found, or shall refuse to accept the same, for the Use of the Owner, or of others interested in the said Ground, the Interest of the said Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, in the said Ground, shall be for ever diverted out of them; and the said Ground, after such Agreement or Verdi# as aforesaid, shall be esteemed and taken to be a publick Highway to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; saving nevertheless to the Owner or Owners of such Ground, all Mines, Minerals, and Foflils, lying under the same, which can or may be got without breaking the Surface of the said Highway; and also all Timber and Wood growing upon such Ground, to befallen and taken by such Owner or Owners within one Month after such Order shall have been made, or, in Default thereof, to be fallen by the said Surveyor or Surveyors within the respective Months aforesaid, and laid upon the Land adjoining, for the Benefit of the said Owner or Owners; and where there shall not appear sufficient Money in the Hands of the Surveyor or Surveyors for the Purposes aforesaid, then the said two Justices, in case of Agreement, or the said Court of Quarter Sessions, after such Verdi# as aforesaid, shall order one or more Assessment or Assessments to be made, levied, and collected, upon all and every the Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the respective Parishes, Townships, or Places, where such Highways shall lie, and dire# the Money to be paid to the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, so interested, in such Manner as the said Justices, or Court of Quarter Sessions respectively, shall dire# and appoint; and the Money thereby raised shall be employed and accounted for according to the Order and Dire#ion of the said Justices, or Court of Quarter Sessions respectively, for and toward the purchasing the Land to enlarge the said Highways, and for the making the said Ditches and Fences: And the said Assessment or Assessments, if not paid within ten Days after Demand, shall, by Order of the said Justices, or Court of Quarter Sessions respectively, be levied by the said Surveyor or Surveyors, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Persons so assessed, rendering the Overplus of the Value of the Goods fodistrained to the Owner or Owners thereof, the necessary Charges of making such Distress and Sale being first dedu#ed; provided that no such Assessment or Assessments to be made in any one Year shall exceed the Rate of six Pence in the Pound of the yearly Value of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so assessed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case such Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdi# or Assessment for more Monies as a Recompence for the Right, Interest, or Property, of any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, in such Lands or Grounds, or for the making such Fence, or for such

Damage

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 42. 345

Damage or Injury to be Curtained by him, her, or them, respectively as aforesaid, than what (hill have rearer than that been proposed and offered by the said Surveyor, before such Application to the said Court of Quarter 0,j^rrdlby the Sessions as aforesaid; that then, and in such Case, the Costs and Expences attending the said feveraT Pro- th^eirscMce of ceedings shall be borne and paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Highway out of the Monies the Woccriingi in his or their Hands, or to be assessed and levied as aforesaid, by virtue, and under the Powers, of this *s to be pud by Act: But if such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more, or for less. Monies than Surveyor* shall have been so offered and proposed by the said Surveyor, before such Application to the said Court of Quarter Sessions; that then the said Corts and Expences shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons, frVto nly the Bodies Politick or Corporate, who shall have refused to accept the Recompence and Satisfaction so offered f^me.1 to him, her, or them, as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Surveyor shall and may, from time to time, give Informa-SurVfy°ris to lion, upon Oath, to the said Justices, or any two or more of them, of all such Highways, and of all :d^{>rt°f Bridges, causeways, or Pavements, upon such Highways, as are out of Repair, and ought to be repaired by any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, by reason of any Grant, Tenure, Limitation, Br^«,kc. a* or Appointment of any charitable Gift; and the said Justices shall limit a Time for repairing the same; ou^jl t to be re-of which Notice shall be given, by the said Surveyor or Surveyors, to the Occupier or Occupiers of the P2,rcd b> Plr-Lands or Tenements liable to the Burthen of such Repairs, or to such other Person or Persons, Bodies tlcuI,irl>erloflss Politick or Corporate, as are chargeable with the same: And if such Repairs shall not be effectually made Measures to be within the Time so limited, the said Justices shall and are hereby required to present such Highways so ta^cn b)th* out of Repair, together with the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, liable to repair the same, Jl‘lhcc*there* at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Corporation, upon# Precinct, or Liberty, wherein such Highway shall lie 5 and the Justices at such Quarter Sessions may, if they fee just Cause, direct the Prosecution to be carried on at the general Expence of such County, Riding,

Division, City, Corporation, Precinct, or Liberty, and to be paid out of the general Rates within such Jurisdiction.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Justice of Assize, Justice of the Counties Palatine of Justices of Af-Chester, Lancaster, and Durham, and of the Great Sessions in IValer, and Justice of the Peace, shall have r, If»and Authority by this Statute, upon his or their own View, and the Justice of the Peace, upon Information

upon Oath to him given by any Surveyor or Surveyors of any Highways respectively, to make Present-I^presentment at their respective Assizes, or Great Sessions, or in the open General Quarter Sessions of such re- menu u> the spective County, Riding, Division, City, Corporation, Precinct, or Liberty, of any Highway, Cause- Affixes or Ge-way, or Bridge, not well and sufficiently repaired and amended, or of any other Default or Offence com- ncral Quarter mitted and done contrary to the Provision and Intent of this Statute; and that all Defects in the RepairHi!! thereof shall be presented in such Jurisdiction where the same do lie, and not elsewhere; and that no such cwc> " Presentment, nor any Indictment for any such Default or Offence, shall be removed by Certiorari, or other- ways’, or Bridget* wife, out of such Jurisdiction, till such Indictment or Presentment be traversed, and Judgement thereupon of any other given, except where the Duty or Obligation of repairing the said Highways, causeways, or Bridges, J)cfaults or<^f‘ may come in question 5 and that every such Presentment made by any such Justice of Assize, Counties Palatine, Great Sessions, or of the Peace, upon his own View, or upon such Information having been given to such Justice cthe Peace upon the Oath of such Surveyor or the Highways as aforesaid, shall be as good, and of the same Force, Strength, and Effect, in the Law, as if the same had been presented and found by the Oaths of twelve Men; and that for every such Default or Offence so presented as aforesaid, the to after* Justices of Assize, Counties Palatine, and Great Sessions, and their respective Courts, and the Justices of thertuPon il, ch the Peace at their General Quarter Sessions, shall have Authority to assess such Fines as to them shall be thought meet: Saving to every Person and Persons that shall be affected by any such Presentment, his, mfet; raving, her, or their lawful Traverse to the same Presentment, as well with respect to the Fast of Nonrepair, as to to the Persons the Duty or Obligation of repairing the said Highways, as they might have had upon any Indictment of ,hc,r the same, presented and found by a Grand Jury; and the Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter lo^h^efcm-Sessions, or the major Part of them (such major Part not being less than five) may, if they fee just Cause, ^cnuu# e c direct the Prosecution upon such Presentments as shall be made at the Quarter Sessions as aforesaid, to be carried on at the general Expence of such County, Riding, Division, City, Corporation, Precinct, or Liberty, and to be paid out of the general Rates within such Jurisdiction.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices of the Peace, at any Special Sessions to be Justices, at their held by virtue of this Act, may, by Writing under their Hands and Seal?, order and appoint rhofe Roads special Seifcons, which do most want Repair, within their Jurisdiction, to be first amended, and at what Time, or in

what Manner, the same shall be performed; according to which Order (if such there be) all and singular re airs<j ,l at the respective Surveyors of the said Highways are hereby required to proceed within their respective want u. Liberties.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful for the said Justices, or any tw’o or Co-nrhmt ot’ more of them, within their respective Jurisdictions, upon Complaint made to them by any Person or Per- t« t D tv, fons, upon Oath, against any Surveyor or Surveyors, for any Neglect or Default made in the Performance of his or their Duty required by this Act, to summon such Surveyor or Surveyors to appear before them \clt at such Time and Place as they shall appoint by such Summons; and then and there to examine and in- t*o justice?, quire into the same, upon Oath, and to make such Order for the enforcing of this Act, and the Powers and who may make Authorities hereby given, as to them shall seem meet. ,?’ch °rdrr

1 ® th-rrM'on as

XVIII. And, for the better Convenience of Travellers where several Highways medt, be it further enacted, That the said Justices, at some Special Session to be held for the Purposes of this Act, shall issue ^red tooricr

C. 42.

Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

proper Direaw>n their Precept to the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, in the Parish, Township, or Place, where Pofti to be ftt several Highways meet, and there is no proper or sufficient Direction Post or Stone already fixed or erefled, °Pih'T *equiiing forthwith to cause to be erected or fixed in the most convenient Place where such. Ways T^itet meet, a Stone or Post, with an Inscription thereon, in large legible Letters, containing the Name or Names

of the next Market Town or Towns^or other considerable Place, to which the said Highways respectively and at ibe Ap* lead; and also at the several Approaches or Entrances to such Parts of any Highways as are subject to pruaches to such deep or dangerous Floods, graduated Stones, or Polls, denoting the Depth of Water in the deepest Part of f"arefub‘ the same; and likewise such Direction Posts or Stones as the said Justices shall judge to be necessary for the <tangeroa»P* guiding of Travellers in the bed: and safest Traci through the said Floods or Waters; and the said Sur-Flood*, and veyor or Surveyors shall be reimbursed the Expences of providing and erecting the same respectively, out where necessary of the Monies which shall be received by him or them, pursuant to the Directions of |his Act: And in for guiding Trm- case any Surveyor or Surveyors shall, by the Space of three Months after such Precept to him or them di-▼cllertmtbe rc#ed and delivered, neglect or refuse to cause any such Stone or Pelt to be fixed as aforesaid \ every such Tracts Survey. Offender shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings.

r neglecting hit Duty therein, forfeits 20 s.

Surveyorim- XIX. And, for the better repairing and keeping in Repair the said Highways, and providing of Mate-powered wtake rjajs for that purpose* be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for every Surveyor to be jUpsdrof the appointed as aforesaid, to take and carry away, or cause to be taken and carried away, so much of the Highway* from Rubbish, or refuse Stones of any Quarry or Quarries, lying and being within the Parish, Township, or any neighbour- Place, where they shall be Surveyors (except such as shall have been got by the Surveyor of any Tunning Quarries, pike Road) without the Licence of the Owner or Owners of such Quarries, as they shall judge necessary Wafl1"*’ dt ^or l^c Amendment of the said Highways, but not to dig or get Stone in such Quarry, without Leave of River*, or°Un %* Owner thereof; and also that it shall and may be lawful for every such Surveyor or Surveyors, for the Brooks; Use aforesaid, in any Common or Waste Land or Ground, River or Brook, therein, within the Parish, Townshrp, or Place, where he or they shall be Surveyor or Surveyors, or within any other Parish* Township, or Place, wherein Gravel, Sand, Chalk, Stone, or other Materials, are respectively likely. to be found, to search for, dig, and get the same; so that the said Surveyors do not thereby prejudice

or damage any Building, Highway, or r ord, nor dig or get the same out of any River or Brook within the Distance of one hundred Feet above or below any Bridge, por within the like Distance of any Pond* Dam, or Wear; and likewise to gather Stones lying upon any Lands or Grounds within ihe Parish* Township, or Place, where such Highway shall be, for such Service and Purpose; and to take spid carry away so much of the said Materials as, by the Discretion of the said Surveyor or Surveyors, shall he thought necessary to be employed in the Amendment of the said Highways, without making any Satisfaction for the same.

apd where suffi-

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for every such Surveyor or Surveyor* fcaT* °fuST ^or Use a^ore^a^» to fe;uch for, dig and get, Sand, Gravel, Chalk, Stone, or other Materials (if fuf-Fiaccs then ficient cannot conveniently be had within such Commons or Waste Lands) in any of the several or inclosrd from private Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons whomsoever, within the Parish, Township, or Place, for

Ground; which, he or they shall be appointed Surveyor or Surveyors as aforesaid, (not jping a Garden* Yard*

Avenue to a House, Lawn, Park, Paddock, or indofed Plantation) and to take and carry away so much of the said Materials as, by the Discretion of the said Surveyor or Surveyors, shall be thought necessary to nnkins such S*- be employed in the Amendment of the said Highways; the said Surveyor or Surveyors making such Satis-o*wher* a*shall for l^e Damage to be done to such Lands or Grounds by the getting and carrying away the same*

be'agreed upon, as be agree^ upon between him or them, and the Owner, Occupier, or other Person interested in or other wise, a’* such Lands or Grounds, in the Presence, and with the Approbation, of two or more substantial Inha-thejuaicts shall bitants of such Parish, Township, or Place: And in cjfe they cannot agree, then such Satisfaction and 4Uc£t, Recompence shall be settled and ascertained by Order of one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Corporation, Precinct, or Liberty, where such Land or Ground shall lie.

XXI. And whereas in some Parfthes, Townships, or Places, there may not be sufficient Materials for the Repair of the Highways within the same, nor within the Commons or Wafts Lands of any other Parish, Township, or Place, lying within a convenient Distance from such Highway; by reason whereof- the Surveyor or Surveyors of such Highway may be forced to buy such Materials, and to make Recom- pence and Satisfaction to the Owner or Occupier of inclosed Lands, for Damage which may be done

by getting thereof: And whereas no Provision is made for raising a Fund to reimburse the Expences

which the said Surveyors may incur by erecting Guide Posts, and by rendering Satisfaction for Damages Expences incur- 4 done to Lands by the making of new Ditches or Drains;’ be it therefore enacted, That upon Applied by Surveyors cation by such Surveyor or Surveyors, to the Justices of the Peace at their Special Sessions, and Oath l\jC^ok*lau®-fi6 in‘K^ the Sum or Sums of Money which he or they have or hath hour fide laid out and expended for

f iidP re tote" the Purposes aforesaid, the said justices, or any two of them, shall, and are hereby impowered, by War-

Xiirnb'irftd by a rant under their Hands and Seals, to cause an equal Rate to be made, for the reimbursing the said Sur\eyor Kate on the lu- or Surveyors such Sum or Sums of Money, upon all the Occupiers of Lands Tenements, and Here-habitants of the ditements, within such Parish, Township, or Place, where such Money shall be so expended or laid out, Kuks*115 accordhtg to the Rules and Methods prescribed in an Act of Parliament made in the forty-ihrd Year of prescribed in* l^c of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Ac] fir the Relief of the P$ory which Rate, being

Act 43 Liu. confirmed and allowed by the said Justices, shall be collected by the Tud Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways; and if any Person or Persons refuse to pay the Money so aft!lied on him or them, tli.it :h<*n iiiw Lux shall be levied by the said Surveyor or Surveyors, by Diitrds and Sale of the Goods and Chattels

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 42. 347

of the Person or Persons so refusing, rendering to the Party the Overplus (the reasonable Charges of making such Distress being first dedu&edj.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Surveyor, or Person employed by him, shall, by Rules to be «b. season of the searching for, digging or getting, any Gravel, Sand, Stones, Chalk, or other Materials, for Served by Sur-repairing any Highways, make, or cause to be made, any Pit or Hole in any such Lands or Grounds, rey°M an!* Rivers, or Brooks, as aforesaid, wherein such Materials shall be found; such Surveyor, Person or Persons, fpCa*o7he shall forthwith cause the same to be sufficiently fenced off, and such Fence supported and repaired during cing> fining bp* such Time as the said Pit or Hole shall continue open; and shall, within three Days after any such Pit and stepping or Hole shall he opened or made where no Gravel, Stone, or Materials, shall be found, cause the same to Holes wade in be forthwith filled up and levelled; and where any such Materials shall be found, within fourteen Days M*terl after having dug up sufficient Materials in such Pit or Hole, cause the same to be filled up, (loped down, all so^Rrp'iiT or fenced off, and so continued: And in case such Surveyor, Person or Persons, shall neglect to fill up, of the Roads, (lope down, or fence off, such Pit or Hole, in Manner, and within the Time, aforesaid, he of they shall Forfeiture for forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings for every such Default: And in case such Surveyor or Surveyors, Person ctJ Negkaor or Persons, shall neglect to fence off such Pit or Hole, or to flope down the same, as herein before directed, P,f*"^thCie~ for the Space of ten Days after he or they shall have received Notice for either of those Purposes from tn'dj >ny any justice of Peace, or from the Owner or Occupier of such several Ground, River, or Brook, or any Default after Person having Right of Common within such Common or Waste Lands as aforesaid, and such Neglect Notice, tnd Notice shall be proved upon Oath before one or more of the said Justices of the Peace; such Sur- Sum i*01*®* veyor, Person or Persons, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, for every such NegletEl, to be determined and adjudged by such Justice or Justices, and to be 10j# laid out and applied in the fencing off, filling up, or (loping down, such rit or Hole, and toward the to be applied Repair of the Roads in the Parish, Township, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, in such to the above Manner a3 the said Justice or Justices shall direct and appoint; which Forfeiture, in case the same be not Purpose* forthwith paid, shall be levied as other Forfeitures are herein after directed to be levied,

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Surveyor or Surveyors to be appointed as aforesaid, Regulations together with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within each Parish, with regard t® Township, or Place, shall, at proper Seasons in every Year* use their Endeavours for the Repair of the eieraJ Highways, and shall he chargeable thereunto as followeth; that is to say. Every Person keeping a Team, how every Per. Draught, or Plough, in such Parish, Township, or Place, shall, six Days in every Year, to be com- Ton i» to be puted from Michaelmas to Michaelmas, find and fend, on every Day, and at every Place, to be appointed rated the Nam-ny the Surveyor or Surveyors’for the amending the Highways in such Parish, Township, or Place, one ^5!°f Pay? Wain, Cart, or Carriage, furnished after the Custom of the Country, with Oxen, Horses, or other ^r°^rm? Cattle, and all other Necessaries meet to carry Things convenient for that Purpose, and also two able Ngn.berof Men with each Wain, Cart, or Carriage respectively; and every Person occupying Lands, Tenements, Hours in eack or Hereditaments, of the-yearly Value of fifty Pounds, or above, shall, in like Manner, fend one Wain, Day.

Cart, or Carriage, furnished with not less than three Horses, or four Oxen and one Horse, or two Oxen and two Horses, and two able Men to each Wain, Cart, or Carriage (except in those Parts of this Kingdom where Carts with single Horses are generally used; and in such Places every such Person shall, in like Manner, fend two Carts, with one Horse and one able Man to each Cart) and in like Manner for every fifty Pounds ter Annum respectively which he, she, or they, shall so occupy in such Parish, Township, or Place; and shall likewise find and fend one sufficient Labourer, for every ten Pounds per Annum which he, she, or they shall occupy, above the annual Value of fifty Pounds, and less than one hundred Pounds i and so for every ten Pounds that each progressive and intermediate annual Value of ten Pounds shall fall short of the further Increase of fifty Pounds; and every Person or Persons occupying Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, in any Parish, Township, or Place, of the yearly Value of ten Pounds, and under the yearly Value of fifty Pounds, who shall not keep such Team, Draught, or Plough, shall find and fend one sufficient Labourer for every ten Pounds per Annum which he, she, or they shall so occupy, upon every of the said Days, and at every Place so to be appointed by the said Surv eyor or Surveyors as aforesaid; and every Person or Persons not keeping a Team, Draught, or Plough, but occupying Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, under the yearly Value of ten Pounds, in every Parish, Township, or Place, and also every Man inhabiting therein respectively, and being of the Age of eighteen, and under the Age of sixty-five Years, not being an Apprentice or menial Servant, nor having performed the said Duty, or paid the Composition for the same, in any other Parish, Township, or Place, for that Year,

shall by themselves, or one sufficient Labourer for every of them, upon every of ihc laid Days on which they dial] be called forth by the said Surveyor or Surveyors, together with the said other Labourer, woik and labour in the Amendment of the said Highways, as they shall be directed by such Surveyor or Surveyors: And if the said Carnages, or any of them, shall not he thought needful by the Surveyor or Sur- power to change veyors, on any of the said Days; then every such Perlorr, who should have fenc and found any such Carriage* for Carriage, shall, according to the Notice to be given as herein after directed, fend unto the said Work for Men, here. every Carriage so (pared, three able Meru there to labour, as aforesaid, or pay to the said Surveyor or irveyors the Sum of four Shillings and six Pence in lieu thereof; and all such Persons as aforesaid shall cert^i^um respectively have and bring with them such Shovels, Spades, Picks, Mattocks, and other 'Fools, and In- to ie in struments, as are useful and proper for the Purposes aforesaid; and all the said Persons and Carriages shall lim thercot*. diligently perform the Work and Labour to which they shall be appointed by such Surveyor or Purveyors, Mmin trt f »f eight Hours in every of the said Days, within such Parish, Township, or Place, or in getting and carrying Materials in and from any othjr Parish, Township, of Place, to be employeJ in the Repair of lQOU

2^-3 C. 4.-2.

Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

Statute-work. Defaulters afrer stich Notice, forfeit 10 t. per Diem for each Carriage and Man not sent to work $ and Labourers 1 s.

€ d. per Diem, Duty and Labour to be fairly and equally de-xmnded; and the Penalties and Forfeitures,

the Highways of the Parish, Township, or Place, for which they shall be required to perform such Duty and Labour as aforesaid.

Duty of Survey-

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every such Surveyor or Surveyors shall, from time to time, o s, in giving give to, or cause to be left at the House or usual Place of Abode of, every Person or Persons so liable to the^erf<mjC|ia - Per^orm ^utY or Labour as aforesaid, four Days Notice at the least of the Day, Hour, and Place,

ble to perform ~ upon which each of the said Day’s Duty shall be required to be performed; and every Person or Persons making Default in finding and fending each Wain, Cart, or Carnage, furnished as aforesaid, and such able Men with the same, or in performing the said Duty, at the Time and Place, and in the Manner before directed, or in paying the Compcfition for the same, as herein after-mentioned, shall, for every such Default or Neglect, forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings; and every Person or Persons making Default in fending any such Labourer, or in performing such Labour, at the Time and Place, and in the Manner, before directed, or in paying such Composition-money for the same as herein after-mentioned, shall, forever? such Neglect, forfeit the Sum of one Shilling and six Pence; and the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall fairly and-equally demand and require such Duty and Labour, from every Person or Persons liable to perform the same, according to the Directions aforesaid, without Favour or Partiality to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or one of them, may and shall, and he and they is and are hereby required, within twenty-one Days after every such Default made in Performance of such Duty or Labour as aforesaid, or paying such Composition-money for the same respectively as herein after-mentioned, to proceed for the Recovery of the Penalty or Forfeiture hereby inflicted for the same respectively, within 21 Days *n Martner herein after directed.

TerraMwhich

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons liable to perform the the several Per- said Duty by fending a Wain, Cart, or Carriage, with Men, Horses or Oxen, in Manner aforesaid, shall font, liable to and may compound for the same, if he, she, or they, shall think fit, by paying to the said Surveyor or perform Statute- Surveyors, or one of them at least, two Days before the first Day on which such Duty shall by such admitted tocom- Notice required to be performed, such Sum or Sums of Money as the Justices of the Peace for the pound for the County, Riding, Division, City, Corporation, Precind, or Liberty, wherein such Parish, Township, or frme. Place, shall be, or the major Part of them, at their said Special Sessions, to be held on the first Monday in

October, or within fifteen Days next following, in every Year, shall adjudge and declare to be reasonable, not exceeding six Shillings, nor less than three Shillings, for each Day $ and in Default of their adjudging and declaring the same, the Sum of four Shillings and six Pence, for and in lieu of every such Day’s Duty; and that any Person or Persons liable to Tend a Labourer or Labourers in respect of his, her, or their occupying Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the yearly Value of ten Pounds or upwards, by such Progression as aforesaid, shall and may compound for the same, if he, she, or they, shall think fit, by paying to the Surveyor or Surveyors, or one of them, for every ten Pounds per Annum, the Sum of eight Pence; and every Householder, or other Person or Persons, occupying Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, under the yearly Value of ten Pounds, and above the yearly Value of three Pounds, shall and may compound for the same, if he, she, or they, shall think fit, by paying to the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or one of them, the Sum of six Pence; and every other Inhabitant, liable to perform such Duty or Labour as aforesaid, shall and may compound for the same, if he, she, or they, shall think fit, by paying to the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or one of them, the Sum of four Pence, for and in lieu of every such Day’s Duty or Labour respectively, at least two Days before the first Day on which such Duty or Labour shall, by such respective Notices, be so required to be performed.

Duty of Sumy-

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Surveyor or Surveyors of every Parishi rf, in respea of Town(hin, or Place, where the Number of Inhabitants liable to perform such Duty shall consist of two the* Time* and hundred Persons or upwards, shall, on the first or second Sunday in January in every Year, cause ten Place of admit- Days Notice at the least to be given in the Church or Chapel of such Parish, Township, or Place, of the Time and Place when and where the Persons inclined to compound for the said Duty, in Manner aforesaid, may pay their Composition-money; and all and every Person or Person who shall pay the Composition authorised and allowed by this Act, pursuant to such Notice, shall be discharged from the Performance of such Duty, and the Forfeitures hereby imposed for his, her, or their Default therein; and that in such Parish, Township, or Place, where such Notice shall be given as aforesaid, no Composition shall be permitted, unless the same shall be paid at the Day, or within the Time, to be expressed in such Notice: But in Cases where the Occupation of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be changed, or any new Occupant or Inhabitant shall come to reside in such Parish, Township, or Place, after the Time appointed for such Payment then the Person or Persons occupying such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or so residing in such Parish, Township, or Place, shall be allowed to compound in Manner aforesaid; provided he, she, or they, shall pay the said Composition-money to the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or one of them, within fourteen Days after he, she, or thfcy, shall enter upon such Lands* Tenements, or Hereditaments, or shall come to reside in such Parish, Township, or Place.

XXVII. Provided likewise, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or

ting Persons to compound. Compositi< -money to be duly paid.

Regulations 'with respect to Changes in the Occupation of Lands, &c. or mew inhabitants.

be construed to extend, to obligejany Person or Persons keeping a Team, Draught, or Plough, a^afore-

rTy -

Persons occupying Lands, &c.

n°tAn2TtnQ\ ^a,c^ an(* not occupying Lands7 Tenements, or Hereditaments, above the yearly Value of Tifty Pounds, Xliged^find,0 find and fend, or compound for, more than one Wain, Cart, or Carriage, with Men to attend the or compound for fame* in Manner as above directed: And that if any Person or Persons shall keep any Team, Draught, jacretiuni Car- or Plough, or any Part thereof, for Part of the Year in one Parish, Township, or Place, and for Part of

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. C. 42. 349

the Year in another Parftb, Township, or Place; the Duty shall be performed by such Team, Draught, Team, or or Plough, in the Parish, Township, or Place, where such Person or Persons shall usually reside. pirt of the y^r

in one Parish, tnd for Part in another, the Doty to fee performed where the Person usually reside*.

XXVIII. And whereas by several Acts of Parliament concerning Turnpike Roads, a certain Part of where Compo-the Duty called Statute Duty, is or may be directed to be performed on such Roads; and it may happen firi°n ftjl1 bc in some Places that the several Persons liable thereto may have compounded for the same; be it therefore m;idcJorSta; further enacted, That in all such Cases the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of the Parish, Town- po^ion therrof" ship, or Place, where such Composition shall have been made, shall pay to the Treasurer or Surveyor of i8to be paid to such Turnpike Roads a certain Part of the Composition-money so received, to be proportioned according the Turnpike to the Number of Days Duty which such Person or Persons was or were liable to perform on such s,rvc>'or» ifp*rt Turnpike Road. or such Duty

to b- performed

on the Turnpike Roads.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if upon Application of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the where thr o-

Highways for any Parish, Township, or Plac^, to the Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, ne a,or(^!3rfcf Division, City, Corporation, Precinct, or Liberty, wherein such Parish, Township, or Place, lieth, t

their General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, the said Justices, or the major Part of them, shall be fully the'apan?n satisfied, by Proof upon Oath, that the Duty hereby directed to be performed, and the Money hereby of the surveyor, authorised to bc collected and received, has been performed, applied, and expended, according to the that rhe Duty Directions of this Act; or shall be fully satisfied that the Common Highways, Bridges, causeways, *nd M°ner. Streets, or Pavements, belonging to such P.vilb, Township, or Place, are so far out of Order that they |^e

cannot be sufficiently amended and repaired, Oaved, cleansed, and supported, by the Means herein before orthauheHi’h-prescribed (Notice being first given of such intended Application at the Church or Chapel of such Parish, wa\s, Bridges, Township, or Place, on some Sundaypreceding such Quarter Sessions) that then, and in any of the said cWc*-.*, cases, one or more Assessment or Assessments upon all and every the Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, Streets or pav* and Hereditaments, within any such Parish, Township, or Place, shall or may be made, levied, and collected, by such Person and Persons, and allowed in such Manner, as the said Justices, by their Order at vldea for by the such Sessions, shall diretft and appoint in that Behalf; and the Money thereby raised shall be employed Mnn* before and accounted for according to the Orders and Directions of the said Justices, for and towards the amend- p/efcribedj Mo-ing, repairing, paving, cleansing, and supporting, such Highways, causeways, Streets, Pavements, and "t0 btflY? Bridges, from time to time, as Need shall require; and the said Assessments shall, by virtue of a War- ^nmenuarc to* rant under the Hand and Seal of one Justice of the Peace, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods t* ma, c 3Ccord-of every Person so assessed, and not paying the same within ten Days after Demand 5 rendeiing the Over- ingiy for those plus of the Value of the Goods so distrained to the Owner and Owners thereof, the necessary Charges of Purp°r«; to be making such Distress and Sale being first deducted. inTs^e P‘ftrc‘s

XXX. Provided nevertheless, That no such Assessment or Assessments, to be made in any one Year, But nofi.ch Af-

shall exceed the Rate of six Pence in the Pound of the yearly Value of the Lands, Tenements, and fronts are to Hereditaments, so assessed.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Fine, Issue, Penalty, or Forfeiture, for not repairing the No Fine, &c. fi* Highways, or not appearing to any Indictment or Presentment for not repairing the same, shall hereafter not repairing bc returned into the Court of Exchequer, or other Court, but shall be levied by, and paid into the Hands the Highways of, such Person or Persons residing in or near the Parish, Township, or Place, where the Road shall lie, or

as the Court, imposing such Fines, Issues, Penalties, or Forfeitures, shall order and direct, to be applied presentment's for towards the Repair and Amendment of such Highways; and if any Fine, Issue, Penalty, or Forfeiture, the r.une, to be to be imposed on any such Parish, Township, or Place, for not repairing the Highways, or not appearing returned into the as aforesaid, shall hereafter be levied on any one or more of the Inhabitants of such Parish, Township, E,fhc1quer,i bat or Place, that then such Inhabitant or Inhabitants shall and may make his or their Complaint to the JheCourt'di* Justices of the Peace, at their Special Sessions; and the said Justices, or any two of them, aie hereby im- re^s. where the powered and authorised, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause a Rate to be made, according Ro..i Iirs, md to the Form and Manner herein last before prescribed, for the reimbursing such Inhabitant or Inhabitants *ppi:<-J iheicto. the Monies so levied on him or them as aforesaid; which Rate, so made and confirmed by any two M:hod ol Re*' Justices, shall be collected and levied by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of such Parish,

Township, or Place, so presented or indicted as aforesaid; and the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall, such of the in-within one Month next after the making and confirming the Rate aforesaid, collc£t, levy, and pay, unto habitant? on such Inhabitant or Inhabitants, the Money so levied on him or them as aforesaid. a°r

Finr, &c. frail

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every Parish, su^ot is ro Township, or Place, shall carefully and diligently collect all the Rates, Forfeitures, Penalties, and Com- Coi!'a°A\ positions, directed and allowed to be received and taken by virtue of this Act; and shall keep one or more Forfeitures, Pe» Book or Books, in which he or they shall fairly enter an Account of all such Money as shall have come to n»ities, ana his or their Hands by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and to whom and on what Occasion lie or Composition*; they shall have disposed of the same; and shall also enter in such Book or Books a List or Lists of all founts at-such Sums of Moneyas shall then remain due and owing from any Person or Persons in respect of the cord-rip to the Payments, Com positions. Rates, Assessments, Penalties, or Forfeitures, to be collected, received, or taken. Method bn* for and in respect of the said Highways, by virtue of this Act: And the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall prcicnbca; also enter in the said Book or Books an Account of all Tools, Materials, Implements, and other Things,

provided

35® 4*2«

Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

tad it to produce the (hme to the Justices and verify them upon Oath j and afterwards deliver them over, with the Balance, and other Articles, to his Successor, who is to collect the Arrearr; and not conforming to the above Regulations, he forfeits 5l. and making Default in paying over the Money in his Hands, forfeits double the

Regulations, with respect to Lands given for the Maintenance of causeway?, Pavements, Highways, and Bridges.

Penalty of fulling up, removing, or dell toying, Sec. the Pods, Blocks, Banks, dre: set of for the Security of Horse and Foot causewayt j r the Parapets or Battlements of Bridges, Milestones, or Direction Pods: is a Sum not exceeding 51, nor less than 10 s. or being committed to hard Labour, and whipr. Penalty on Surveyor’s Neglect of Duty, in Instances not other wise provided for in the

provided for the Repair of the said Highways, at the Publick Expence of such Parish, Township, of Place: And every such Surveyor or Surveyors shall, at the said Special Sessions to be held on the first Monday in October, or within fifteen Days after, as aforesaid, in every Year, produce such Book or Books to the Justices of the Peace attending such Sessions; and shall then and there verify the several Entries therein on Oath, before the said Justices; and shall then, or within fourteen Days after such Sessions, deliver the said Book or Books, together with all such Sums of Money as shall remain in his or their Hands, and likewise all Tools, Materials, Implements, and other Things, as aforesaid, to the succeeding Surveyor or Surveyors for such Parish, Township, or Place: And k shall and may be lawful for such succeeding Surveyor or Surveyors, and they are hereby respectively required to recover, collect, and receive, all such Sums of Money which shall be due and owing as aforesaid, by all such Ways and Means, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as the preceding Surveyor or Surveyors could, might., or ought to have recovered, collcded, or received the same: And in case such Surveyor or Surveyors shall neglect to provide such Book or Books, or to enter such respective Accounts and Lifts therein, or to deliver the said Book or Books, and such Tools, Materials, Implements, and other Things as aforesaid, to the succeeding Surveyor or Surveyors, he or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds: And in case he or they shall make Default in the Payment of the Money so remaining in his Hands, within the Time, and according to the Directions aforesaid, he or they shall forfeit double the Value of such Money.

Sum.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Lands have been or shall be given for the Maintenance of causeways, Pavements, Highways, and Bridges, all such Persons that are or shall be enfeoffed or trusted with any such Lands, shall let them to Farm at the most improved yearly Value without Fine; and that the Justices of the Peace in their open Sessions shall and may inquire, by such Ways and Means as they shall think fitting, into the Value of all such Lands so given, or to be given; and order the Improvement and Employment of the Rents and Profits thereof, according to the Will and Direction of the Donor of such Lands, if they find that the Persons so intrusted'have been negligent or faulty in the Performance of their Trust (except such Lands as have been given for the Uses aforesaid to any College or Hall in either of the Universities of this Kingdom which have Vifttors of their own) any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And whereas in feme Places it hath been, and may be, found necessary to securaHoife causeways and Foot causeways to travel upon, in Publick Highways, by Posts, Blocks, or great Stones, nxt in the Ground, or by Banks of Earth cast up, or otherwise, from being broken up and spoiled with Waggons, Wains, Carts, or Carriages: And forasmuch as several evil-disposed Persons do wilfully or wantonly pull up, cut down, and remove, the said Posts, Blocks, and great Stones, so fixed

as aforesaid, and also dig and cast down the said Banks, which are the Securities and Defence of the said

causeways, whereby the causeways are often ruined and destroyed; and such evil-disposed Persons miy

break, damage, or throw down, the Stones, Brick*, or Wood, fixed upon the Parapets or Battlements of Bridges, and may pull down, destroy, obliterate, or deface, any Mile-stone or Post graduated, or Direction-post or Stone, erected, or to be erected, upon any Highway:’ For Prevention thereof, be it enacted, That every Person who shall be guilty of any such Offence shall, upon Complaint thereof made to any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Corporation, Precind, or Liberty, where the same shall be proved to be done, by the Oath of any one credible Witness, or upon View of the Justice himself, forfeit, for every of the said Offences, any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than ten Shillings 5 or be committed to the House of Corredioh of such County, Riding, Division, City, Corporation, Precind, or Liberty, there to be whipped, and kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Calendar Month, nor less than seven Days, at the Discretion of such Justice.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Surveyor of the Highways, after his Acceptance Of the said Office, shall neglect his Duty in any Thing required of him by this Act, for which no particular Penalty is imposed; he shall forfeit, foe every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than ten Shillings; at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices having Jurisdiction therein.

Act.

Justices of the

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of Peace of all Cities, Corporations, Boroughs, r'eace impower- and other Places, are hereby impowered to put in Execution every Part of this- Ad within their respe&ine ed 10 put in Ex«- jurisdictions. cut ion every Part J

No Fcclobc

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall receive any Sum of Money or taken of Sur- Fee whatsoever of any Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, for the Oath taken, or Account given, by veyoraccount- them, at such Special Sessions as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall receive any such Sum of 5rg,_°.n Penalt* Money or Fee, he shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds.

XXXVIII. And whereas the Highways, not being Turnpike Roads, are much prejudiced by the Nar- rowness of the Wheels of the several Carriages travelling thereon, and by the excessive Burthens loaded in such Carriages,’ be it enacted, That no Waggon, having the Sole or Bottom of the FeHies of tbs Wheels of less Breadth than nine Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than fix Horses; and that no Cart, having the §ole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth than nine Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than four Horses; and that no Waggon, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of nine Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than e.-ght.

Holies;

of I ol.

Regulations with respect to the f\4H»rrr of Horte* u h ich Broad or Na.-rowr Wheeled

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 42. 351

Horses; and that no Cart, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of nine Waggon* and Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than five Horses, respectively, upon such Highways; under the Carts *re Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitutes, herein after mentioned (that is to say) that the Owner or Driver on the"0

such Waggon or Cart respectively, fh.il! forfeit and lose all the Horses above the Number hereby so respect H.ghw^ys. lively limited as aforesaid, with all Gears, Bridles, Halters, and Accoutrements, to the sole Use and All fupem’ume-Benefit of any Person or Persons who shall seize or distrain the same. wr Horses are

to be forfeited, together with their Gears, See.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Waggon, having the Wheels bound with Streaks or Wag eons /hod Tire of a less Breadth than two Inches and an half when worn, or being set or fastened on with Rofc- xirei" ©7 Trt headed Nails, shall go or be drawn with more than three Horses; and that every Owner or Driver of any withR0fc head, such Waggon shall forfeit and lose all such Horses above the Number of three, with all Gears, Bridles, ed N.iils, not to Halters, and Accoutrements, to the Cole Use and Benefit of any Person or Persons who shall seize or be drawn by diitiain the lame. I"0'*lhan 3

Hoif % on forfeiture of the supernumerary Horse*, Stc. Repealed by 8 Geo. 3. c. 5. §1.

XL. Provided also, That the Regulations herein before-mentioned, concerning the Number of Horses Carriages e*-and Wheels of Carriages, shall not be deemed or construed to extend to Carts, Waggons, or other Car- cepted out of liases, employed only in carrying any one Stone, Block of Marble, or Piece of Metal or Timber; or to th* a^ovc such Ammunition or Artillery as shall be for his Majesty's Service; nor shall be deemed or construed to gu aUons‘ extend to Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages, employed only in Husbandry, or manuring of Land; or in carrying of only Hay, Straw, Fodder, or Com unthrcflied, till Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine.

XLI. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared, That any Person or Persons who fh ill Rules to beob. make any Seizure or Distress, for any of the Forfeitures or Penalties hereby incurred, shall deliver the J^d w‘lh re* Horse or Horses, or other Things, so seized or distrained, into the Custody of the Constable, Headborough, cfT Tythingman, or foroe other Officer of the Parish, Township, or Place, where such Distress or Seizure is ^ade for F<*frU made, or of the next Parish, Township, or Place (who are hereby required to receive into their Custody, tures or Poland safely to keep the same) till the Person or Persons who made such Distress or Seizure shall make tic* incurred* Proof upon Oath, before some Justice of the Peace, of the Offence committed, which he and they is and are hereby required to make within six Days after such Seizure or Distress; or, in Default thereof, such Horse or other Thing shall be delivered to the Owner thereof, and the Person making such Seizure shall pay such reasonable Charges to the Constable or other Officer for the keeping and securing thereof, as the said Justice or Justices shall allow and direct; and the said Justice or Justices, before whom such Proof is made, are hereby required to ilTuo their Precept to such Constable Or o her Officer, immediately to deliver the Horse or Horses, or other Things, so forfeited, to the Party or Parties who seized or dil-trained the same, to and for his and their sole Use and Benefit; paying such reasonable Charges for keeping and securing thereof, as the fail Justice or Justices shall allow and direct: And every Person making Seizure of any such Horse or other Thing, ami not profecucing such Seizure within the Time and in Manner aforesaid, shall forfeit to the Owner of such Horse or other Thing the Sum of forty Shillings for every such Seizure.

XLII. And, for the better Discovery of Offenders against this present A'/T, be it enacted, That the AM Wac?o^f Owner of every Waggon, Wain, or Curt, shall place, write, or p int, or cause to be placet, written, or painted, upon ibme combSruo is. part of his Wa?gon, W tin, or Cut, before lie or the ill a] I use or drive q v, r the same upon any Publick Highway, lm or her Christian and Surname, and the i i.ice of his or her and Pi2fe Abode, in large h gibie Letters, tnj continue the same thereupon lo long as such Waggon or Cart shall of Atxx'c, paint*

be used upon any such Hghway: And if any Person or Persons shall neglect the Time, or place, write, nn con-

or print, or cautc to be pi iced, written, or ptirted, any Life or fictitious Name or Place of Abode, on such fP caot,s r,t \V Warn, or Cart; he or flic shall forfeit, for every such Off nee, th? Sum of twenty Shillings. 1 ir r< ’,n ‘ bC

XLIII. Ami uhcicas many had Accidents happen, and great MischicL are frequently done, u^on the of aos. c Streets and Highways, by the Negligence or wilful Mdbchwiour of Persons driving Carriages thereon be it therefore Luther tn.rcted, Thru if the Driver of any Cart, Car, Dray, or Waggon, shall ride upon ThcDrivrof any such Carriage in any Street or Highway, not having fume o’hcr Person on Foot or on Uorfchack to a\y C-m o. Dray gi»dc cite line* (nuh Carriages as; re re.p *£iivily draw n by one Hoise only, or by two Hot fes abreast, and ;re con h.;ud by ft me Person holding the Keins of such Horse or Horses, excepted) or if the Driver c>f any Cartt ige wlutlorvjr, < n any Pa t of any Street or Highway, fh ill, by Negligence or wilful Mif-having iVire t* Saviour, ci.u'e any Hurt or Damage to any Pe:i<m or C arriage puffing or being upon such Street or i»Crf»n on Foot Ilghway; »*r (i *11, determined by Negbgener wilhd M ifN-haviour, prevent, hinder, or interrupt, the fiec Pal-or on HoHeback. I^ge of ;.uy oih-r C arriage, or of Majesty's Stjbjcit';, on the find Highways; or if the Driver of any ^r7^,drg^e> empty or m.h ;,dr i i\ iggon, Cart, o* e ther Canu.e, CHI rc’tise or i.eg’eet to urn aside, *«:nd make way for, any CNnH, Char.o:, Ciui'c, leaded Wage'll. Cart, or older !o »ded Caniagr; any Inch Driver of- j)m'rr otdtJy fend’nj m '’'V <a th C f.s aSireiaid. an.i Itirg ronvi:*rd of such ( hrence, eifiu r by h»s own Coil'cffinn, carriage, *ho»

or by tn; (H'h of one or crevhble Witness or Wi:nef:-s, b -fore any Juili e o1 the Pc

Co niy, P.i’ir', Liwii.-n, C' rv, C nr«)oration, Precinct, or Libert;, where Inch ()ffc nee, shad b.

fi;i-|i, i ir e.ny tuch Cv.'rtute, forfeit any Sutrt no: on.ccuitig ten Sindmgs, in case iu~h onyi r rbi] u(t, Po<; n% dl r .< it be the Ovner o* Inch Carriage; an<1, in case the Offender be the Ownei of Inch C.uri.ge, then ur Onugc* in *:iy ^um iu: extreiding twenty Shihings; cr Ihidl be comuuiud to the House ot Correction for any Time p-uh..*, o.

,-aee for tbckvNcglueiceor com- MljVhawiovir

. or

h Drivi r,

DOt

352

shall not make way for loaded Carriages; forfeits, if not the

C. 42.

Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

maihti. uwii ujf any ivimci ww,

judge it necessary to appoint a Sca-5 shall and may, from time to time,

not exceeding one Month, at the Discretion of such Justice: And every such Driver, offending in either of the said cases, shall and may, by Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, be apprehended by any Person or Persons who shall fee such Offence committed; and shall be immediately conveyed orde-o'wnrr, any Sum livered to a Constable, or other Peace Officer, in order to be conveyed before some Justice of the Peace, to not exceed 1 m be dealt with according to Law.

10 s. and if the

Owner, any Sum not exceeding 20 s. or may be committed; and any Person may apprehend him, and deliver him to a Constable, to be dealt with according t» Law,

Justices, at their

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That where the Justices of the Peace in any City or Market General or Town, not having already efftdual Provision made for such City or Market Town by any former Law, *rtaerSo tons, or the major Part of them, at their General or Quarter Sessions, shall ‘

cawngc^for venger or Scavengers for cleansing the Streets therein, the said Justices any City or nominate and appoint such Person or Persons as they shall think fitting for that Purpose; and also to Market Town order the repairing of such Streets therein as they shall judge necessary; and for defraying the Charges for which no Je- thereof, an Assessment or Assessments, not exceeding six Pence in the Pound in one Year, mall and may, *readyVmade * from l*me to t'me> be equahy made-upon all and every the Occupiers of Houses, Lands, Tenements, and

mike Order Hereditaments, in the respsdive Parishes wherein such Streets shall lie, within such Cities or Market

fir repairing the Towns; and such Assessment or Assessments shall and may, from time to time, be made by such Person or

Streets; and Persons, and levied and collected in such Manner, as the said Justices, by their Order at such Sessions,

nak,nB A,rdr" shall direct and appoint in that Behalf; and the Money thereby raised shall be employed and accounted fYavung tlieC* for according to the Orders and Directions of the said Justices, for and towards the repairing and cleans-ChVrges thereof, ing the said Streets from time to time: And the said Assessments, being allowed under the Hands and to becoiiefted, Seals of such Justices, shall and may be levied, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, by Distress and employed, and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Persons not paying the same within eight Days after demanded, th^Tilea-ind rene^er’ng the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner; the necessary Charges of making, keeping, and felling, t/be levied5by" such Distress, being first deduded. their Warrant.

juaices may hold

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any two or more Justices of the a Spccul seili- peace for any County, Riding, Division, City, Corporation, Precind, or Liberty, and they are hereby theyThhfkpro- impowered, from time to time, whenever they shall judge proper, to hold any Special Sessions, besides per; for the Pur. that which is herein before directed, for executing the Purposes of this Act.

Pe^son^forcibi*

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall redd, or make forcible opposing the Opposition against, any Person or Persons employed in the due Execution of this Act; or shall hinder, Execution of this or attempt to prevent or obstruct, tKe seizing or deftraining of any Horse hereby directed to be forfeited in the rn^kimt" for Offences herein before mentioned; or make any Rescue of Cattle, or other Goods, distrained by a^eizure or Dif- virtue of this Act; or if any Constable, Headborough, or Tythingman, shall refuse or neglect to execute tress, or refeuing or obey any Warrant or Precept granted by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, pursuant to the Direc-Cattie, or other tions of this Act; every such Person offending therein, and being convicted thereof, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom he or she shall be so convicted; to be paid to the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highway of the Parish, Township, or Place, where the Offence was committed, to be laid out in the Repair of the Highway: And in case he or she do not forthwith pay, or secure to be paid, the said Forfeiture, after such Conviction; then it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace to commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, Division, City, Corporation, Precind, or Liberty, where such Offence shall be committed, there to remain for any Time not exceeding three Months, unless the said Forfeiture shall be sooner paid.

Goods; and Constables not duly executing the Warrant or Precept of any Justice; forfeit not exceeding 30 1. nor less than 40 s. and on Non-payment, may he committed for 3 Months. Penalties, Forfeitures, and Charges, not otherwise directed, to be levied by Distress and Sale.

Application

thereof.

For want of Du!refs. &c.

Offender to be commuted.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed for any Offence against the same, and all Costs and Charges to be allowed and ordered by the Authority of this Act, (the Manner of levying and recovering of which is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied by Distress and sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, or Person liable or ordered to pay the same respectively, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of some Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, or Place, where such Offence, Neglect, or Default, shall happen, or such Order for Payment of such Costs or Charges shall be made, rendering the Overplus of such Distress, if any, to the Party or Parties, after deducting the Charges of making the same; which Warrant such Justice is hereby impowered and required to grant upon Conviction of the Offender by Confession, or upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or upon Order made as aforesaid; and the Penalties and Forfeitures, when so levied, shall be paid, the one half to the Informer, and the other half to the Surveyor of the Highway where such Offence, Neglect, or Default* shall happen; to be employed towards the Repair thereof, unless otherwise directed by this Act: And in case such Distress cannot be found, and such Penalties and Forfeitures, or the said Costs or Charges, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender or Offenders, or Person or Persons liable to pay the same respectively, ro the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, Division, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, or such Order as aforesaid shall be made, for any Time not exceeding three Months; unless the said Penalty, Forfeiture, Costs, or Charges, shall respectively be sooner paid: And if such Offender or Offenders, or Person or Persons liable or ordered to pay the same respectively, shall live out 8 of

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 42; 353

of the Jurisdiction of the Justice or Justices hereby authorised to grant such Warrant; it shall and may 'Va£radnt may bc be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, or Place, wherein such Person °AgAcurn y shall inhabit; and every such Justice is hereby required, upon Request to him for that Purpose made, and jt!li ce, * upon a true Copy of the Conviction whereby such Forfeiture or Penalty was incurred, or of the Order andiDiftr*franj for the Payment of such Costs or Charges produced and proved by a credible Witness upon Oath, by s.ite made Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Penalty or Forfeiture mentioned in such Conviction, or cordially the Costs or Charges mentioned in such Order, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, or Person or Persons liable or ordered to pay the same respectively, as foresaid; and if no sufficient Distress can be had, to commit such Offender or Offenders, or Person or and forint of Persons liable as aforesaid, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of such County, Riding, Division, ^tenor Place, for the Time and in Manner aforesaid. ^rttt^,bccom’

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Prosecutor or Informer may, at his Election, sue for p{!,u*esorpsr. ml recover any Forfeiture or Penalty imposed by this Act, either in the Manner herein before directed, fe tu'C$ rray be or by Action at Law, to be brought by such Informer or Prosecutor in any of his Majesty's Courts of Re- faed for b> the cord in Manner following; (that is to say) Where any Person shall be liable to such pecuniary Penalty, J^fccurr.r or it shall and may be lawful to sue for and recover the same by Action of Debt in which it shall be fufH- cient to declare, that the Defendant is indebted to the Plaintiff in the Sum of forediretfrd, or

being forfeited by an Act passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present by A d ion of Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Sta- Debt, wtere the tutes nowin being for the Amendment and Preservation of the Publick Highways of this Kingdom, Fen.alry‘s *Pe- and for other Purposes therein mentioned and where the Penalty or Forfeiture is or shall bc of any or by a ft ion of Horse or other Goods, by an Action of Trover against the Person liable to such Penalty or Forfeiture, in Trover, where which the Forfeiture shall bc sufficient Evidence of Property to the Plaintiff'; and in which the Value of the Penalty or such Horse or other Goods, as is or are liable to the Forfeiture, shall be given in Damages, without any Forfeiture is a Proof of Seizure or Demand; and the Plaintiff, if he recover in any such Action, shall have Double Costs: Provided that there shall not be more than one Recovery for the same Offence; and that ten Days in*

Notice, in Writing, be given to the Party offending, previous to the Commencement of such Action; and titled to Double that the same bc brought and commenced within one Calendar Month after the Offence, for which such Coils.

Action is brought, shall have been committed.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Conviction shall be had or made by virtue No Convictio* of this Act, unless upon Confession of the Party accused, or upon the Oath of one or more credible Wit- to bch>ad» b^t ne(3 or Witnesses; and that any Inhabitant of any Parish, Township, or Place, in which any Offence of°th^pauv or shall be committed contrary to this Act, shall be deemed a competent Witness, notwithstanding his or her oath of» Wit. being an Inhabitant of such Parish, Township, or Place. nef*.

Inhabitants deemed competent Witnessct.

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace Justice*impour. to administer an Oath to any Witness or Witnesses, or other Person or Persons, for the better Discovery'rcd to *dnn.in:* and Execution of the several Matters or Things hereinbefore authorised or directed to be examined, in- cTfes VeUtive to quired into, or performed, by such Justice or Justices respectively. the Execution of

this Act.

LT. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money Distress for to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not bc deemed unlawful; nor the Party or J*oneyno* Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Default or Want of forD«> Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Treffauu of i-orm i* passer or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall bc afterwards done by the Party the Proceedings* or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, may recover full SatiF nor faction for the Special Damage in an Action on the Case. making u# c

0 Trcfpjiicr *9

initio, on account of any subsequent irregularity. '

LII. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any Irregularity, Plaimiffm any Trespass, or wrongful Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the Behalf of Action for irre-the Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, any such Irregularity, Trespass, Eulanty,&c. rw.t or wrongful Proceedings, before such Action brought: And in case no such Tender shall have been made, T^e'Ai* e C it shall and maybe lawful for the Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Amend! hasten Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or m.'dc before they shall see fit; whereupon such Proceedings, or Orders and Judgement, shall bc had, made, and given, Action brou^hr. in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court. Defendant *1-

lowed to p y

Money Into Court before Issue joined,

LIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved P«rfrns r.ggrov# by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been cd» uhcre no already appointed; or if any Person shall, at any Time hereafter, think himself or herself injured by the inclosing of any common Highway, after a Writ of Ad quod Damnum iflhcd, and Inquisition thereupon p0;ntrd,<or>in-tuken; then, in any of the said cases, every such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any jure d by them-General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County, Riding, Division, City, Corporation, cU»fipp >nyco«i-Precinct, or Liberty, wherein the Cause of such Complaint shall arise, and within four Months alter the Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen, or alter the inclosing of such common Highway as aforesaid; Ih^Gaicul1*

354 C. 42* Anhd feptinx) Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

Qi’irtcrSefeonsjfitch ApjfeilaHt <£iv?n£, for causing to be given, "eight D&ys Notice at the letfft ift Writing of hi* dr her

g.ving Nonce ot Intention to bring such Appeal! and of the Matter thereof, to the Jirfbcfe or other Person or Persons agtinfc and ennerinzU*- whom ftfti Complaint shall be tmde; and* within four Days after such Notices entering ifttofcecog-toKecognizanee, nizahct bcfei* tomte Justice of the Peaoe for the said County, Ri&ing, Division, City, Corporation, Pie* &c. cmft, Or Lib<frty, with one sufficTerit Surety; conditioned to try such Appeal At, ftftd Abide the Order of,

Proceedings had and paV fhch Costfc 2$ shall be awarded by, the JufKces-of stich Quarter Sefiioft* tmdtevfcry hrikitfe of the before any Juf- Pea<te/aTrd Artier Person*, having received Notice of such Appeal as aforesaid, ^hli^l return all Proceedings the Mauer of° Wh3£e\nfr had before ‘thein irfspectively, touching the Matter of («ch Appetri, to ffoe find Justices at their such Appeal, to General Quarter Sessions aforesaid, on Pain of forfeiting five Pounds for evOry such Neglect; And the to be returned to said Justices at ftrch Session, upon doe Proof Of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering the General into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Ctmfes and Matters of such Apperi in -ft fhmmary Way, and award Tudh Costs to the Parties appealing Or appealed agairfft as they, the said Justices, Cour^to proceed ftthink proper; to be levied iand recovered as herein before directed; and the Dotefmiwation Of fttfti in a Tummary ’Quarter Sessions shall be final and ponclusive to all Intents and Purposes; and that BO ft-oCOtding to be Way, and award had or taken in purfuarufe of this Act shall be quathed 6rlvhicated for want of Foiwi* ot fetftoved by Grr-pr?tLC°n5 ttorari, or any Oth^r Writ or Process whatsoever, extdpt ^ts herein befote-taentioned, into any efhf» mination tobT" Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law Or Statute to the contrary tiOtwMwamWng.

where Appeal LTV. Provided, That no such Appeal shall be thade against any Conviction, for the Firstdhife of Any is made against Horse or Other Bead by virtue of this Act, Unless the Person convicted shall, at the Time of foehCoh-the Conviction viction, give Notice of his or her Intention to appeal; and at the same Thne enter into Recognisance, for the Forfei- sufficient Sureties, to pay the ValuA Of fudi Horse Or other Bead, in carte fcrch 'Conviction shall be

Horse0,*?.7 affirmed upon such Appeal; and tlpdn Wsorher givingfudh Security, such Horse^or OthOrBeaftihdl be Notice or Appeal forthwith delivered to such Person.

is to be given at the TUie or Conviction.nndltecognUanee, with Sureties, entered into j mnd Horse to be thereupon returned.

Limitation of

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against amr Person or Atoms. Persons for any Thing done or acted in pursuance of riris AA, then, and in dvery such Case, web Action

or Suit shall he commenced or prosecuted within three Calendar Months after (he Fast committed, and

not /afrefwards; and the Tame, and every such Action or Suit, shall be brought in the<Jounty, Riding, Division, ^City, Corporation, Precinct, or Liberty, where the Person against whom such Action or Suit ft all lbe commenced doth ordinarily inhabit and reside, or in which the Fad was committed, and not else-General iflbe. "Where; and the Defendant or Defendants, in every such Action or Suit, shall and may plead che GenenS issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this present Act: And if the same mail appear to

have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited for bringing the same, or be brought and laid in Any other County, Riding, Division, City, Corporation, Trecmft, or Liberty, than as afore-mentioned, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if thfc Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff

Treble Cofc*. or Plaintiffs; the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy

for Recovery thereof, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cases by Law. Commencement

LVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act, ax\d every Clause, Provision, and Regulation, herein of this Act. contained, shall commence and take effect on the twenty-first Day of September next.

LVII. And, to the Intent that there may be only one Law subsisting for the several Turposes aforesaid, be it further enacted and declared, That from and after the twenty-first Day of September next following. Repeal of Aa an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Edu)*ra the First, afbertaining the Breadth of ,^fdw’u c* I*4 Highways leading from one Market Town to anotheras also an Act passed in the fourteenth and fif-«.V 15 en' *eenft of King Henry the Eighth, for altering of Highways in the Wela of Kent ;* as also an Act or Bill *6 Hen. g. c. 7. passed in the twenty-sixth of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, c The Bill for the Highways in the County both revived by of Sussex \ as also an Act passed in the second and third of King Philip and Queen Mary, intituled, 8 Gw. 3. c. 5. Xhe Statute for the mending of Highways ;* as also an Act passed in the fifth of Queen Elizabeth, irni-&3*Phil 4 ^or Continuance of the Statute made second and third of Philip and Mary, for the

Ufary, c 6. Amendment of Highways as also an Act passed in the eighteenth of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An

s Eliz. c. 13. Act of Addition unto the former Acts for amending and repairing of Highways 5’ as also an Act passed

18 Eli*, c. 10. in the twenty-seventh of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for explaining of the Statute for the amend* *7 Eli*, c. a6. ing of the Highways between Middleton and the King’s Ferry leading into the Isle of Sheppey in the 39 Eli*, c. 19. 4 County of Kent \ as also an Act passed in the thirty-ninth of Queen Eliztobeth, intituled, An Act for *r,^so, nuch °J 4 the Amendment of Highways in Sussex, Surry, and Kent as also so much of an Act passed in the twenty-c. iil.« relays second of King Charles the^Second, intituled, An additional Act for the better repairing of Highways to Highways j and Bridges,’ as relates to the Highways; as also so much of an Act passed in the second of King and so much of William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for paving and cleansing the Streets in the Cities of Aa will. 4 London* nd Westminster, and Suburbs and Liberties thereof, and Out Parishes in the County of Mid* Mary, Sef. 2. c. c fHej}x an,j in t}ie Borough of Southwark^ and other Places within the Weekly Bills of Mortality in the the*Powaer County of Surry? and for regulating the Markets therein mentioned,’ as relates to the Power therein making Assess. given to make Assessments for the Purpose of repairing the Highways; as also fp much of an Act passed n.enti for repair-in the third Year of King lPil!ia?n and Queen Mary, (intituled, An Act for the better repairing and mgihqHigh- 4 amending the Highways, and for settling the Rates of Carriage of Goods)’ as relates to the Highways;

5 W

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III.

e. +3- 3SS

as life an Act passed in the seventh and eighth of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the W*7M

lkMf»r «m«n/tin» *>nrl rpn^irina tKp Hiftkurovc. onrl F.vnlan^tinn rvf fk T.9Uf« rplahno tkprpiintn * as alfn an muc" 5

Which enjoins Waggoners and others to draw with a Pole between the Wheel Horses, or with double Shafts, wi,^?'llc* *9# and to oblige them to draw only with fix Horses or other Beads, except up Hills; as also an Act of the ninth * 4 Wl l# of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to render more effectual an Act made in the sixth Year of her present ^Ann* c. 29. Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty 9 Ann*!

for amending Highways, which enjoins Waggoners and others to draw with a Pole between the Wheel Horses,

or with double Shafts, and to oblige them to draw only with fix Horses or other Beasts, except up Hills \ as also an Act passed in the first Year o? King George the First, intituled, ‘An Act to restrain all Waggoners, 1 Geo. r.S^r.

_____0____,_______ __________, King<?tf?r£*__________, ___

tulecf, An Act for making more effectual the several Acts past for repairing and amending the Highways Geo. *c*ll# 4 of this Kingdom ;* as also an Act passed in the seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, 7 GEO. 1.C. 9.

’ and so much of the Second, intituled, An Act for reviving and continuing the Acts therein mentioned and for explain- Act 9 Geo.

ing and amending a Clause in an Act made in the full Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George IIeVhu^e in*Act 4 the First, intituled, An Act for making tie Laws for repairing the Highways more effectual \ relating to the, Geo. 1. c. 5a. appointing Scavengers in Cities and Market Towns, and the ordering the Assessments for the repairing and to Market cleansing the Streets therein, as extends the Clause in the said Act, made in the first Year of King Towns}

the First, unto Market Towns; as also so much of an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of King George 2nd (6 much of the Second, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of the publick Roads in that Part of Great Britain 14 Cc 4 called England*' as relates to the Highways of this Kingdom, not being Turnpike Roads; as also an Ct,4V re^ltd Act passed in the fifteenth Year of King George^ the Second, intituled. 4 An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the last Sessions of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of the publick Roads in rihttsio the

that Part of Great Britain called England/ as obliges Persons, not travelling for Hire, to make use of Highway! not Waggons with Wheels, bound with Streaks or Tire of a certain Breadth, or the feidStreaks to be fattened ^ci,l$ Turnpik* withNaili titukd,

fucth Year of!, _

Dangers that may arise from the present Methods of digging Gravel, Sand, Stone, Chalk, and other Materials, on the several Commons and Wafta Grounds within the Kingdom* for the Repair of the Highways, and for other Purposesi as also so much of an Act passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign *n* so °* itn—~ An ^ft to explain and amend an Act made in the

prevent the Mimchaviour of the Drivers of Carts in to the publick: the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and for other Pur- Streets. t Com-

poles in this Act mentioned as relates to the publick Streets or Common Highways of this Kingdom* mon not being within the Cities of London or Westminster, or within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality

Westminster, or Limits of the Weekly Bills.

Iity j ftull be, and the same are hereby repealed*

CAP. XLIII.

An Act to amend and enforce the Acts of the eighteenth, twenty-first, and thirty-second See Gc°. ! Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual pre-c'ms' venting the fraudulent Importation and Wearing of Cambricks and French Lawns.

WHEREAS an Act passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Preamble, reck*

Second, intituled, An Act for trohihiting the Wearing and Importation of Cambricks and French ing Acts 18 Geo.

Lawns; and also one other Act passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, a

intituled, An Act for explaining, amending, and enforcing, an Act made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign c ’

of his present Majesty, intituled, an Act for prohibiting the Wearing and Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns; and another Act made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty and 32 Geo. s,

King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of'c- S*.

Cambricks and French Leswns, have been found ineffectuafV May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred No Carr.brick or

and sixty-seven, no Cambrick or French Lawn shall be imported into any Part of Great Britain, except J^1*1t0

into the Port of London only. *7SZ*7

Great Britain, except into the Port of London, a fin 1 July, 17671

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Cambrick or French Lawn shall jh.h in Briiih b« allowed to be imported into the Port of London from any Parts beyond the Seas, except in British Ships SI'HV

Z* a navigated wb*I

356 C. 43. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

Notice thereof navigated according to Law; and except Notice be first given to the Commissioners of his Majesty's lfo being first Customs of the Species, and Quantity and Marks of the Packagesi, of such Cambricks and French Lawns, Commurloners anc* Name of the Ship in which the same are intended to be imported y and a Licence given under the of the Customs, Hands of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England for the time being, or any three of and a Licence them, for the landing thereof, within thirty Days from the Date of such Licence; which Licence they are obtained for the hereby authorised and required to grant without any Fee or Reward, or any other Charge to the Person vvlr/the5 °rther" demanding the same: And if any Cambricks or French Lawns shall be imported into Great Britain coni'^,.1 toVorfci. trarV to Intention of this Act, or without such Licence as is herein before directed, such Goods, with tore, together the Package containing the same, together with the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be imported, with the Veflll. shall be forfeited and lost,'and shall and maybe seized and prosecuted as herein after mentioned; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Licence to be

III. Provided always, That no such Licence shall be granted for the Importation or Landing of any restrained to the Cambricks or French Lawns in any other Package, or in any less Quantity, than is directed and allowed Ooantity,3pre- by ^e Hft rcc^ed Act of the thircy-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, scribed by Act 32 Geo. 2.;

ami to be deli-

IV. And it is hereby further enacted, That such Licence shall be produced and delivered up by the Tered up by the Master or Person taking charge of the Ship wherein such Cambricks or French Lawns shall be imported, tt the Time of toSet^er with the Marks, Numbers, and Contents of each Package, indorsed on the Back thereof, to the entering and re- Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, at the Time of entering and reporting such Ship, on the For-.porting the Vef- feiture of one hundred Pounds; and such Cambricks and French Lawns (nail, upon Landing, be ware-&l; d the housed under the like Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions; and shall not be afterwards delivered out of Goods to be faCh Warehouse, but on Condition to be exported to some of the British Colonies or Plantations in Am-knd^ddivered out rica'> under the like Securities and Restrictions as are expressed and diredfced in the said last recited Act of for Exportation the thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and upon Payment of the same Duties as only. they are now liable to by Law.

No Cambrick or V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,1 That from and after the twenty-fourth Day 5 rted from ire 7une' one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, no Cambrick or Lawn whatsoever shall be im-lan^tilUhe im- Portec^ from the Kingdom of Ireland, into any Part of Great Britain, until the Importation of Cam-pottation of bricks and French Lawns into the Kingdom of Ireland shall be prohibited by* Law, upon Pain of for-Cambricics and feiting the said Goods, and the further penal Sum of five Pounds for every Piece of Cambrick or Lawnfo

French Lawns imported.

into that Kingdom be prohibited by Law.

Vessels from

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of Foreign Parts July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, where any Ship or Vessel whatsoever comine or arriving found hovering from Foreign Parts, and having on board any Cambrick or French Lawns, without such Licence as is on the Coast, Sec. herein before directed, shall be found at Anchor, or hovering within the Limits bf any of the Ports of Great aniTcambricIt or Britain* or within two Leagues of the Shore, or shall be discovered to have been within the Limits of any French Lawns, Port, and not proceeding on her Voyage, Wind and Weather permitting, (unless in case of unavoidable Necessity and Distress of Weather, of which Necessity and Distress the Matter, Purser, or other Person, having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall give Notice to, and make Proof of before, the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs of such Port as aforesaid, immediately after the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel into the said Port) all such Cambrick or French Lawn, together with the Chests, Boxes, and other Package whatsoever, containing the same Goods, and the Ship or Vessel on board which the same shall be found, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited and lost (whether Bulk shall have been then broken or not) and the same Goods and Package shall and may be seized and prosecuted, or the Value thereof be recovered by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, in Manner herein after mentioned; any Law, Statute, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, if any Foreign Cambrick or French Lawn shall be found in the Possession of any Hawker, Pedler, or Petty Chapman, such Hawker, Pedler, or Petty Chapman, (hill not only forfeit such Foreign Cambricks and French Lawn, but also all the other Goods contained in the Hanker or Pcd- pack where such Goods shall be found: and shall also be adjudged to have forfeited his Licence.

ler, are Ijcble to 2, J 0

Forfeiture with all the other Goods in the Pack,

not licenced.

are liable to Forfeiture, together with the Goads.

Foreign Cam-brick or French Lawn found in PnfTHVion of any

Goods seized to

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, forthwith after the Seizure of any be dep^fit-d in such Cambricks or French Lawns, or as soon after as conveniently may be, the same shall be sent to, and K,iis’s deposited in, one of the King’s Warehouses, belonging to the Custom-house in London; and all and every Cambricks and French Lawns may, from Time to Time, be viewed and inspected by any Person or Inspeaior. j Persons on Behalf of the Prosecutor or Prosecutors, or of the Person or Persons interested in, or claiming the said Cambricks or French Lawns; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs are hereby required and after Con- to make and give sufficient Orders from Time to Time for that Purpose; and after Condemnation thereof, demnation to be in Jue Course of Law, all and every such Cambricks or French Lawns shall be stamped or marked in such ibr^e>ou"tionW ^anner as the Commissioners of the Customs in England, or any thiee or more of them, shall direct; and The Money0"' A1 ail be publickly fold, to the best Advantage, for Exportation to the British Colonies or Plantations in arising by the America only; and one Moiety of the Produce or Money arising by the Sale of such Can bricks and French Sale to be divid- L:\wns shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succdfors, and the other Moiety thereof to the between the \]fc of the Officer or Officers who shall seize and secure the same: And no such Cambricks 0\t French

Lawat

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 43- 357

Lawns shall be fold otherwise than on Condition to be exported as aforesaid; and shall not be delivered out Crcwn and the of the Warehouse or Place wherein the same shall have been secured, until sufficient Security, by Bond,0-*icer# ,

shall be first given to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, which the Commissioners of his Maje- so^the d#cg, VC° fly’s Customs are hereby impowered and required to take, that the same, and every Part thereof, shall be Exportation, exported as aforesaid, and not landed again in any Place except the said Colonies or Plantations; which thereof;

Bonds shall and may be discharged without Fee or Reward, upon Certificate returned, signed by the Col- to be c!ifch*r?c4 Icdlor or other proper Officer of such Colony or Plantation, that the Goods were there landed; or upon °r°n Certificate Proof by two credible Persons that such Goods were taken by the Enemies, or perished in the Seas, the "°°0rn Examination and Proof thereof being hereby left to the Judgement of the said Commissioners; which the Goods h.iv-Commissioners are hereby impowered and required, from Time to Time, to call upon the Person or Per- ing hren taken fons who have entered into such Security to produce such Certificate or Proof as aforesaid; and in Default the Enemy, of producing such Certificate or Pi oof, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, such Bonds shall and be

may be put in Suit, and prosecuted by Order of the said Commissioners, against the Person or Persons who pUt ITsuit.0 shall so make Default, in such Manner as Offences of the like Kind are sued or prosecuted by any Law or V Statute of this Realm.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer or Officers shall neglect where, after or refuse, for the Space of one Month after the Condemnation of such Goods, to prosecute to Effect any Condemnation* Person or Persons for any Penalty or Forfeiture, by this Act inflicted upon Offenders against the same; °^5er ?allnc* that then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever to sue for, pro- fh* penalty,* fecute, and recover the respective Penalties or Forfeitures by this Act inflicted, by Action of Debt, Bill, Person mayfue Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or Court of Exchequer in for, and recover Scotland, together with Costs of Suit; wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or lhe. r*mc to be more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and that one Moiety of such Penalties and Forfeitures shall ^‘crown'ii^ be to the Use of the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person Proctor,

or Persons as shall sue for, and recover the same.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Cambricks, or Goods of the Kind Cambrkk* frugally known under that Denomination, which from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September, one bricated in Great thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, shall be woven or fabricated in Great Britain, shall be marked or Britain to be stamped at each End of every Piece with such Mark or Stamp, and by such Officer or Officers, as the Commissioners of the Excise in that Part of Great Britain called England, and that Part of Great Britain called.

Scotland, shall respectively direct and appoint for that Purpose.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the CommissioneiV

said respective Commissioners of Excise for the time being, or the major Part of them, from Time to of Excise» upo(I Time, upon Recjueft made to them by any such Person or Persons, and at the Expence of such Person or the*10*

Persons, to provide such Marks or Stamps as to the said respective Commissioners, or the major Part of Makrr^or Pro-them, shall seem proper; or to direct and appoint one or more Supervisor or other Officer or Officers of the pricto/of Cam-Excile, of the District or Division in which any such Manufacture shall be carried on, to mark or stamp bricks, may or-each and every Piece of such Cambrick, or Goods of the Kind usually known under that Denomination, der Stamp* to be which shall be made, wove, or fabricated, by such Person or Persons applying as aforesaid, with such Mark ointOfr or Stamp, or Marks or Stamps, in Manner herein after mentioned and directed; and the Officer or Officers ficersuTnamp of Excise who shall be so appointed to mark or (lamp such Goods, shall, by the Fabricator, Maker, Weaver, the Pieces,

or Proprietor of such Goods, be paid, for every Piece of such Goods which he or they shall mark or stamp for which they in pursuance of this Act, such Sum as the Commissioners of Excise, for the time being, or the major Part ofafe bc P3'*?- them, shall direa and appoint. JwT

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons whoN0:iCefor the* shall weave, fabricate, or make, any such Cambrick, or Goods of the Kind usually known by that Deno- Purpose tob© mination, shall, before the same shall be taken or cut out of the Loom, give Notice in Writing of finiftl- to the Of-ing of every or any Piece or Pieces of such Goods, to such Supervisor or other Officer as aforesaid; who,

before any such Piece of Goods shall bc cut out of the Loom, shall mark or stamp both Ends of such Piece n^pst before of Goods with such Mark or Stamp as shall be provided and appointed for that Purpose in Manner afore- they are cut out said; upon Pain that every Person who shall weave, make, or fabricate, such Cambrick, or Goods of the of the Loom, Kind usually known by that Denomination, and shall cut or take any Piece of such Goods out of the Loom onl>enalty c^5*. after the same shall have been finished, or permit the same to be done without having fit ft given such Notice in Writing, and having such Piece maikcd or stamped as aforesaid, shall, so* every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds; and the Goods so cut out of the Loom without such Notice being given, and and Forfeiture such Marks or Stamps being set thereon, in Manner herein before directed, shall be forfeited, and shall ffic Good*., and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs of Excise. —

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Supervisor or other Officer of office to vr? the Excise of the District in which any such Manufacture of Cambrick, or Goods of the Kind usually on rfJf(,n*b!© known by or under that De nomination, shall bc carried on, who shall be so as aforesaid appointed by the Notice givea.

-Commissioners of the Excise, or the major Part of them, to mark or stamp such Goods, upon reasonable ki°v Notice given to him or them by any Person or Persons who shall make, weave, or fabricate, any such Goods, that any Piece of such Goods is fiffished, shall forthwith, or as soon as conveniently may bc, confident with other the Duty and Business of his Office, in Manner herein before/I iredled, mark or stamp both Ends of such Piece of Goods with such Mark or Stamp ns shall he so appointed and provided for that Purpose; and also fix or set a dillin<d and separate Number to every Piece of such Goods, before the same in rr.ter so affix.* shall be taken out of the Loom; and also make a juil and true Entry in Writing, in proper Books to be the sump*;, provided for that Purpose at the Expence of the Manufacturer of such Goods, of the Number set to each

Piece

358 C. 43.

Anno septimo Georgii III. A. Di 1767.

nd he U to Piece of such Goods, and the Number of Yards which each Piece of such Goods shall contain in Length;

®ntlT and also the Number of Threads contained in the Warp of each Piece of such Goods; upon Pain that Piece ind^he cvcrY Supervisor, or other Officer so appointed as aforesaid, who shall, upon reasonable Notice given ai N# of Vardtit aforesaid of the FinUhing of any Piece of such Goods, neglect or refuse to mark or damp any Piece of such csontainsi and the Goods in Manner herein before directed, or to fix or set a distinct and separate Number on each Piece of of Th«e*d# such Goods, or to make a true and just Entry in Manner aforesaid of the Number set or affixed to each in the Warp $ Piece of such Goods, and of the Number of Yards which each Piece thereof shall contain in Length, and on Forfeiture of also the Number of Threads contained in the Warp of each Piece of such Goods 5 shall, for every such 5l. Refusal or Neglect, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds Sterling Money.

Officer fraud*-

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Supervisor, or other Officer or Itndy stampiag. Officers of the Excise, who shall be so appointed to seal or stamp such Cambricks, or who shall have the j* ^Tltt, Dg to Custody of any Mark or Stamp which shall be so provided and appointed to mark or stamp such Goods, Ooods no?f*bri. Herewith mark or stamp any Cambricks or Lawns, or Goods of the Kind usually known by or under cited in Great those Denominations, which shall not have been made, wove, or fabricated in Great Britain, or shall know-Britain, # ingly permit it to be done; or shall mark or stamp any Piece of such Goods, after the same shall be taken or after their out of the Loom; every such Supervisor, or other Officer or Officers, so marking or damping any such Catn-bricks or Lawns, or Goods of the Kind usually known under either of those Denominations, or wilfully forfeit! co7/p«ror knowingly permitting the same to be done, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall ttece, and i» forfeit the Sum of fifty rounds for every Piece of such Goods which he or they shall so mark or stamp, or Incapacitated; permit or suffer to be marked or (Vamped contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and such Supervisor, or other Officer or Officers, upon being convicted of either or any of the Offences aforesaid, shall lose hrs or their Office or Offices and fcmployment*, and is and are hereby declared and rendered ever after incapable of having, using, or enjoying, any Office or Place of Trust under his Majesty, his Vjeirs and Successors.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, by froetrinc foeh Bribery, Fraud, Covin, Deceit, or impofuion, or in any other Manner whatsoever, prevail on, or pro-Fnodtobecott-cure any Officer or Officers of the Excise, or other Person who shall be appointed to mark or stamp any mitert, Cambricks, or who shall have the Custody of any Mark or Stamp, to mark or stamp any Piece or Pieces of

Cambrick or Lawn, or of Goods of the Kind usually known under either of those Denominations, which shall not have been actually and bona fide made, wove or fabricated, in Great Britain; or after the same shall their Aiders and have been cut or taken oilt of the Loom, contrary to the true Inteot and Meaning of this Act; all and Aberor?, forfeit every such Offender and Offenders, and his and their Aiders, Abettors, an<l Assistants, being thereof lawfully *>}'. tCpii convicted, shall, for every such Offence, forfei t and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and he adjudged to a* me ^an<| in the pjjfory two Hours: And if any Person or Persons shall give, pay, or secure, or offer to give,

and the Perfom contented in

pay, or secure, to any such Officer or Officers, or other Person as aforesaid, any Bribe, Recocnpence, or Keward, of any Kind whatsoever, in order to corrupt, persuade, or prevail on, such Officer or Officers, or

lory} and Per. font attempting

by Bribery, or j\cwaiu, vi any i\mu nihiiiuvvvi, 111 uiuu iu tunupi, ^uiuaut, ux pi^vau uu, iuui vuku ut v/mucut

©Her Person, to set or affix such Mark or Stamp as aforesaid to any Piece or Pieces of Cambrick, directed STffix the* this Act to be marked or damped, which shall not have been actually and bona fide made, wove, and Sttmpa fal&ly to fabricated, in Great Britain, or after the same shall have been taken out of the Loom; such Person or Per* any Piece, fons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds, forfeit 501.

Officer to trans.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Supervisor, or other Of-"1*!®*°^"* ficer or Officers of Excise, Who shall in Manner aforesaid be appointed to mark or stamp any Cambricks ZZ2L *n Purfoance°f His Act shall yearly and every Year (while such Officers shall have the Custody of any coont yearly of such Stamp provided and appointed for that Purpose in Manner aforesaid) in the Month of June* transmit «beN° of Pieces and send to the Commissioners of Excise in London or Edinburgh respectively, a full, true, and iuft Account Aamyt by him $ in Writing, of all and every Piece and Pieces of such Goods which he or they shall mark or stamp in pur-tries ^uance His Act; and also a true Copy of all and every Entry or Entries, of any Kind whatsoever, which *ftfa*wMngthehc or they shall make in any such Book or Books provided for that Purpose, in any wise relating thereto, MumfUtvntf for and during the twelve Calendar Months next preceding the said Month of June\ distnguiffiingin wb Penalty of such Accounts the several Manufacturers or Proprietors, if there shall be more than one such in such Df-Dlfoiffion. ficer’s District, who shall have made or be Owners of such Goods; upon Pain of being dismissed from his Tbc Sumps to or their Employ as an Officer or Officers of the Excise: And all and every such Officer or Officers having *j^Jredupo* He Custody of any such Mark or Stamp as aforesaid, his or their Executors or Administrators, or such .<wdw ofnbe other Person or Persons in whose Custody or Tower the same shall fall or come by the Death of such Of-Commissioners, ficer or Officers, or in any other Manner, shall, upon Demand or Order from or by the Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, deliver up to such Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, all and every such Mark or Stamp which shall have been delivered to such Officer or Officers, or by any other Means come or fallen into the Hands, Custody, or Power, of such Officer or Officers, or other Persons whatsoever; upon Pain that any such Officer or Officers, or other on Forfeiture of Persona, refusing or neglecting so to do, upon any such Order or Demand as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose *°ol. the Sum of two hundred Pounds; to be recovered and applied in Manner herein after mentioned.

Goods found not

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Cambrick, or Goods of the legally stamped, Kind usually known by or under that Denomination, made, wove, or fabricated, in Great Britain, after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, shall be found in any Place whatsoever in Great Britain, without being marked or stamped at each End of every Whole and Intire Piece, and at one J£nd of every Remnant of such Cambrick, or Goods of the Kind usually known by or under that Denomination, all such Goods shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by an Officer

of

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 43. 359

of the Excise or Customs; and such Officer or Officers is and are hereby indemnified for seizing such jw liable to For-Goods j and such Goods so seized shall be deposited in the King'6 Warehouse at the Custom-house at Lou-den^ or in the Excise Office next to the Place where the same Hull be seized; and after Condemnation depofaed'in the thereof, by due Course of Law, shall be publickly sold to the best Bidder; and that one Moiety of the Pro- King'* Ware, duce arising from the Sale thereof, after deducing the Charges and Expences attending the Condemnation houseaj and after and Sale of such Goods, shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety Condemnation, to such Officer or Officers who shall seize or sue for the same; and all and every Person or Persons who Monevinnne’determined by shall sell or expose to Sale, or have in his or their Custody for that Purpose, any Cambrick, or Goods of tjjC sale, after 7 the Kind usually called or known by or under that Denomination, made and fabricated in Great Britain, deducing all and not marked or stamped at both Ends of every Intire Piece, or at one End of every Remnant of such Charge*, to be Goods, in Manner by this Act directed, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred d*vld*d between Pounds, to be recovered and applied in Manner herein after directed. off.cer.10

Person* exposing to Sal* nnftarnpt Goals, forfeit 2001.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at Penalty of forg-any Time or Times hereafter, forge or counterfeit any Mark or Stamp, to resemble any Mark or Stamp in?c*001*-Which shall be provided or used in pursuance of this Act; or shall forge, resemble, or counterfeit, xhe Im- tny pression of any such Mark or Stamp, upon any Goods required by this Act to be marked or stamped, or or importing, or shall import orbring into Great Britain any Foreign Cambricks or Lawns, or Goods of the Kind usually exposing toSale* called or known by or under either of those Denominations, having any such counterfeit Mark, Stamp, or any Good* with. Impression thereon; or sell or expose to Sale any Cambricks or Lawns, or Goods of the Kind usually known counterfeit by or under either of those Denominations, with such counterfeit Mark, Stamp, or Impression thereon, reon*

knowing such Mark or Stamp to be counterfeited; every such Person so offending, being thereof lawfully M ony* eonvjded, shall be judged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful The Commif-to and for the Commissioners of Excise in England for the time being, or the major Part of them, at any fioomnuyorder Time within two Months next after the Commencement of this Act, to order and direct all such Cam-

brick, or Goods of the Kind usually known by or under that Denomination, which shall have been made, ^be mJ* or begun to be made, wove, and fabricated in Great Britain or Ireland, at any Time before the Commence- in Great Britain ment of this Act, to be marked or stamped at both Ends of every Piece thereof, with such Mark or Stamp or Ireland, bc-which shall be provided and appointed as aforesaid, notwithstanding the same shall have been taken out of fore the Cona-the Loom (Proof being made to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that all such Goods were really and bona fide made, or begun to be made, wove, and fabricated in Great Britain or Ireland, before the famped, tho* Commencement of this Act) which Goods so marked or stamped, and numbered, in pursuance of such ukenoutoftbe Directions, ‘(ball and may be fold, disposed of, and used in like Manner as if the same had been made or \ tnd wrought after the Commencement of this Act, and all the Directions thereof fully complied with; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: And the Supervisor, or officer to make* other Officer or Officers of the Excise, who shall be directed to mark or (lamp, and number such Goods, due Entry of all shall make the like Entiy of the Number of Yards in Length of each Piece of such Goods, and the Num- fechPicm, ber set thereon, in like Manner, and under the like Penalties, as herein before directed, with respect to Cambricks made after the Commencement of this Act.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That if any Person or Persons shall, before Person* poflVflri the said first Day of july, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, be possessed of any Cambricks or fCambiickiot Clear Lawns, or Goods usually known by either of those Denominations, which have not been damped in

the Manner required by Law; such Person and Persons shall and may, on or before the first Day of August^ Jv

one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, deposit such Cambricks or Clear Lawns in any Warehouse or ulmp'r, may de-Warehouses, to be appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of the Customs in England, for Ex- petite the same^ portation to his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America only, upon Payment of the Half Subsidy before t August which is to remain by Law after such Goods are exported, without any Oath or other Proof being required w"e*

of the Place where such Goods were manufactured; and no Prosecution shall be commenced again# any Person or Persons for having in their Custody or Possession any such unstamped Goods, between the said payment of tlx first Day of July and the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven \ any Thing in H«if Subsidy. this or any other Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Goods which shall be seized Good*, Pent!-*nd condemned in pursuance of this Act, and all Penalties and Forfeitures whatsoever by this Act infiifted tie,»#nd (unless odierwife directed to be condemned and recovered by this Act) shall and may be sued for, prose-

cuted, and recovered, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exche- *,ifcr<i.reaed,

Suer in Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney where to be fiiel peneral, or in the Name or Names of such Supervisor, or other Officer or Officers of the Excise or Cuf- and rwcrtd. toms as aforesaid; and that one Moiety of the clear Produce arising from the Sale of all such Goods, and from the of all the Penalties and Forfeitures inflictrd by this Act, after all Charges deducted, shall be to his Majesty, ch e* to it his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Officer or Officers who shall seize, inform, jividrd between or prosecute for the same. »h« Ccown and

Profecotor.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon every Action, Bill, Plaint, or c«y»M 10 if sue Information, entered or filed as aforesaid, for any Penalty imposed by this Act, a Capias in the first Process up°T shall and may issue, sperifying the Sum of the Penalty sued for; and the Defendant or Defendants shall be pefC0J^J to* obliged to give fuftcient Bail or Security by natural-born Subjects, Persons naturalized, or Denizens, to pive suffi<irnt

the ifoU ibmio*

360

C. 44. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

_the Person or Persons to whom such Capias shall be directed, to appear in the Court out of which such Capias shall issue, at the Day of the Return of luffi Writ, to answer such Suit or Prosecution; and shall like-wife, at the Time of such Appearance, give sufficient Bail or Security by such Persons as aforesaid, in the said Court, to answer and pay all the Forfeitures and Penalties incurred for such Offence or Offences, in case he, she, or they, shall be convicted thereof, or to yield his, her, or their Body or Bodies to Prison.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Cenerallffue. Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done determined by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to have been so done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants: And if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon Verdict or Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall rc-Treble Costs. tover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

incase of Doubt

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Cambricks or Lawns, or vh^TethoGood* P0CK*S Kind usually known by or under either of those Denominations, shall be seized by virtue or

wens^manufac- *n P.urfuance of this or any other Act now in Force; or if any Action shall be brought by the Owner or tured, Claimer of such Goods against any Officer of the Customs or Excise, or any other Person for any Thing

done in pursuance of this or any other Act now in Force, and any Doubt or Question shall ariie where the Proof to lie such Goods were manufactured; the Proof thereof shall lie upon the Owner or Claimer of such Goods, or CbdmcrnCr an<* not on ^er^on w seize(* the same, or against whom such Action shall be brought; any Law, # Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Policies of Assurance; and for reducing the Allowance to be made in respect of the prompt Payment of the Stamp Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other Exciseable Liquors; and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs.

Preamble reciting Clauses in Act 5 Geo. 3. c. 46.

Policies for any Number of Persons, and to any Amount, not exceeding rooool. on Ship, or Cargo, or both, may be allured by a 5 s. Stamp; and to any higher Amount, by a 10s. Stamp, Aoy additional Allurance to the original Policy, not being duly is void, and the Premium

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Admissions into Corporations or Companies, and for further securing and improving the Stamp Duties in Great Britain; it is, among other Things, enabled, That from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, if the Proprietors of more than one Person in any Ship, Cargo, or both, or of more than a particular Number of Persons in general Partnership, or of more than one Body Politick or Corporate, to a greater Amount in the Whole than the Sum of one hundred Pounds, in any Ship, Cargo, or both, be assured on the same Po- licy, such Policy should be void, and the Premium paid thereon remain the Property of the Assurer; with a Proviso, that it should and might be lawful to assure, or cause to be assured, the Properties of any Number of Persons whatsoever, in any Ship, Cargo, or both, by one-Policy, damped with five Shillings each; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: And whereas such Part of the said Act as is before recited, has been found very inconvenient to Merchants, Traders and others, redding out of this Kingdom, and injurious to the commercial Dealings thereof;’ May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, it shall and may be lawful to assure, or cause to be assured, the Properties of any Number of Persons whatsoever, in any Ship, Cargo, or both, to the Amount of any Sum, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of one thousand Pounds, by a Policy damped with a Stamp of five Shillings; and that it shall and may be lawful to assure, or cause to be aftured, the Properties of any Number of Persons whatsoever, in any Ship, Cargo, or both, to the Amount of any Sum whatsoever, by one Policy damped with two Stamps of five Shillings each; and that every Policy so stamped shall be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Thing in the said Act made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, or any former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provider! always, That if any Risque or Adventure, distinct from the Risque or Adventure mentioned in the original Policy, and upon which any further Premium shall be given, shall be, by any Writing or Declaration not duly damped, added to any such original Policy, such additional Assurance shall be void, and the Premium paid thereon shall remain the Property of the Afiurer.

goes to the Insurer.

Duti-? to be un- 'III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better and more effectual raif-<i«rrt )T Govern- jpg, levying, collecting, and paying, the said Duties herein before mentioned, the same shall be under the of the Government, Care, and Management, of the Commissuners, for the time being, appointed to manage

4V A t hi*

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 44. 361

the Duties payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, CommURonm and Paper, by former Acts of Parliament in that Behalf made; who, or the major Part of them, are here- for SttlnP|* i>y impowered to employ such Officers under them, for that Purpose, as they shall think proper; and to provide and use such Dies and Stamps, to denote the said Duties herein before mentioned as they shall think fit; and to repair, renew, or alter the same, from Time to Time, as there shall be Occasion; and to do all other Acts, Matters, and Things, necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the said Duties, in the like, and in as full and ample Manner, as they, or the major Part of them, are authorised to put in Execution any former Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Regulations, Provisions, Power*, &c. Articles, Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Distribution of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters granted by for-*nd Things prescribed, inflicted, and appointed, by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, relating to the th*e* Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, on which any Policy of Afturnnce shall be ingrossed, written, tlcBs on p0^ciei or printed, and not herein altered, shall be in full Force and Etfied with relation to the Duties herein be- of Affiance, fore mentioned; and shall be applied and put in Execution for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, extended to the securing, receiving, and paying the said Duties herein before mentioned, and accounting for the same ac- Dutiel,d*,ercbjr cording to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Powers, giame Regulations, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Distribution of Penalties and Forfeitures, and other Matters and Things, were herein repeated, re-enacted, and applied to the said Stamp

Duties herein before mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall counter- Penalty of coon-feit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, to resemble any Seal, j!ntin* °r0f Stamp, or Mark, directed, authorised, or allowed, to be used by, or which shall be provided, made, or JhTseiU or used, in pursuance of this Act; or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same, thereby to Stamps, or«-evade the Payment of any of the Duties herein before-mentioned; or shall utter, vend, or sell, any Vel- posing any such lum. Parchment, or Paper, liable to any such Stamp Duties, with such counterfeit Stamp* Mark, or Im- to Sale»

fression thereon, knowing the same to be counterfeit; or shall privately or fraudulently use any Seal, or fraudulently tamp, or Mark, authorised or allowed to be used by, or provided or used, or to be provided or used, in makin8 use of pursuance of this Act, relating to the said Stamp Duties, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties, or any Part thereof; every such Person so offending, and King of hi* being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony Dudei, i«Fe* without Benefit of Clergy. lony.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies arising by the several and Monletirifing refbedive Duties herein before-mentioned (the necessary Charges of Management, and of raising, col- hJ Dutia, leding, receiving, paying, and accounting for the said Monies, excepted) shall be issued and applied to bl*Ppl, ed * such and the same Uses and Purposes as the Duties upon Policies of Anurance are, by former Acts of Par- p0c15cici ofiffii-liament, directed to be issued and applied. ranee granted by

former Acti.

VII. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons Where Person* shall be sued or prosecuted under, and by virtue of, this Act, for alluring the Properties of any Number of ye fuedfor *f-Persons whatsoever in any Ship, Cargo, or both, to a greater Amount than the Sum of one thousand, Amwnfthei Pounds, by a Policy stamped with a Stamp of five Shillings only; then, and in such Case, the Proof, as ,^°Uby t to the Amount or Value to allured, shall lie on the Person or Persons that shall be sued or prosecuted, and (ingic 5*. stamp, not on the Person or Persons who shall sue or prosecute. the Proof, a* t*

the Value a flu red, to lie on the Defendant.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Allowance, after the Rate of fix The Allowance Pounds in the one hundred Pounds per Annum for six Months, authorised to be made by an Act of Par- of ,pc[?nt' liament passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, (intituled, £'0\ yc J2 2?a 4 An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty Upon Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other Exciseable respect of the

Liquors; and for establishing a Method for granting such Licences in Scotland \ and for allowing such prompt Payment Licences to be granted at a Petty Session in England \ in a certain Case therein mentioned’) to every Person of the Stamp Du-who shall, at 011c Time, bring to be stamped, or buy of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp llfs on ^crbi-Duties, Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, the Duties whereof shall amount to ten Pounds and upwards, upon cences» c* the present Payment of the said Duties, shall, from and after the said first Day of August, one thousand to cease after t seven hundred and sixty-seven, cease and determine. August, 1767;

IX. And it is hereby further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the and in lieu tWe* said first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, instead and in lieu of such Allowance, of, 41. perCn t. there shall be allowed and paid in Great Britain, to every Person who shall, at one Time, bring to be on'>is 10 bs* stamped, or buy of the said Commissioners, Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, charged with any Duties jnlovvco*

and by the said Act of Parliament, which shall, in the Whole, amount to ten Pounds or upwards, after the Rate of four Pounds in the one hundred Pounds per Annum for six Months, upon the present Payment of the said Duties at the Head Office for marking or stamping Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

4 X. And whereas it hath been the Practice of late for the Owners of unlicensed Coaches to let the same out for Hire, by way of Jobb, by the Day, or for less than a Day, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, (intituled, A£g Anr.<*,

4. An Act for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs; and for charging certain new Duties on Ci 4 stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and on Cards and Dice, and on the Exportation of Rock Salt for Ireland; and for securing thereby, and by a Weekly Payment out of the Post Office, and by several Duti:s on Hides and Skins, a yearly Fund of one hundred eighty six thousand six hundred and seventy Pounds, for thirty-Vql. X. 3 A 4 two

62 C. 44. Aflno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

two Year Si to be applied to the Satisfaction of such Orders as are therein mentioned, fa the Contributors of an) c Sum not exceeding two Millions to be raised for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasms) t&

the great Prejudice of his Majesty's Revenue, and of the licensed Hackney Coachmen For Remedy

Hackney thereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of August, on*

Coaches let cut thousand sevenr hundred and sixty-seven, upon every Information before the Commissioners appointed, or fibby h*y to aPP0lntec^> for Licensing and reeulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, or the major Part of them, Dayorfora icfs any Person for driving for Hire, or letting to Hire, any Hackney Coach, contrary to the said

Time, contrary Ad made in the ninth Year of her said late Majesty's Reign, although no express Hiring shall be proved y to the recited yet unless the Part v accused shall appear, and make Proof to the said Commissioners, or the major Part Aa, are liable of them, that no Money or other Gratuity was made or paid, or agreed or intended to be made or paid, to a Peaaltjr. for the Use of such Coach, the same shall be deemed and adjudged a Driving for Hire, or Letting to Hire, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever; and every Person so offending shall, for every Yuch Offence, incur such and the like Penalty as if such Money, or other Gratuity, was actually proved to be made or paid; any Statute, Bye-law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XI. And, for the better and more easily distinguishing such Coaches and other Carriages as shall He entered at the Head Office of Excise in London, pursuant to the Act of Parliament made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty George the Second, and shall be let out for Hire, from Gentlemen’s Coaches, and for making the Owners and Drivers thereof the more easily amenable to Justice for any

I.tcensed Jobb Offences committed by them; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Jobb Coach Coaches driven Licensed at the Head Office in London, which shall be driven or let to Hire on private Contract, within HirTwh^nthe Cities of London and Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof, or wkhin the Pariflfes and Places com-Weekly Bills, prised within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, for any Time longer than one Month, without having the for a longer Excise Number or Mark fixed under the Foot-board of every such Coach* the same shall 5e deemed and Time than one adjudged a Coach driven or let to Hire, contrary to the said Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of Month, without Queen jfnne. and every Person so letting or driving for Hire as aforesaid, shall incur and be liable to the underlie Foot- Penaky as any Person or Persons who shall drive or let to Hire by the Hour, Day, or otherwise, any hoard, liable to Hackney Coach or Coach Horses within the Cities of London or Westminster, or Suburbs of the same, a Penalty. or within the Parishes and Places comprised within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, without Leave or Licence from the Commissioners for regulating and Licensing Hackney Coaches and Chairs, are now by Law liable unto.

XII. And whereas a Doubt has arisen, whether licensed Hackney Coachmen, plying for Hire, are

compellable to carry Fares any where within the Distance of ten.Miles from the City of London or West*

minster\ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of

iVingforHirc one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, every Coachman, licensed by the Commissioners for

liable to go, at regulating and Licensing Hackney Coaches, plying for Hire within the City of London or Westminster, shall isafonab e be obliged and compellable, on every Day of the Week, at seasonable Times, to go any where within Times, any the Distance of ten Miles from the City of London or Westminster \ and in case of Refusal so to do, shall ?4hfrerWlth, in 10 be liable to the like Penalty and Punishment as may by Law now be inflicted, in Cases of Refusal to carry 4»", w1°Q' for Hire by licensed Hackney Coachmen.

The^lcwing

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and "after the said first Day of Rates or Fares Augitft, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, every Person who is or shall be licensed by the said allowed rot>« Commissioners, or the major Part of them, to keep and use for Hire any Hackney Chair within the said taken by licened Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs thereof, and within all and every the Parishes and Placer ^thin the comprised within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or any Person legally acting under such Person, shall be

Weekly Bills, entitled to, and may demand, receive, and take, for the Hire of any such Hackney Chair, the Rates and

Fares herein after-mentioned; that is to say,

The rare* For any Distance not exceeding one Mile, twelve Pence.

And for any Distance being above one Mile, and not exceeding one Mile and four Furlongs, one Shih ling and six Pence.

And for every further Distance not exceeding four Furlongs, six Pence.

And by the Hour, eighteen Pence for the first Hour, and six Pence for every Half of an Hour after.

The said former Acts herein before recited, or any Statute, Bye Law, or Custom, to the contrary not*

withstanding.

The said Fare*

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Rates and Fares may be recover- for Hire herein before-mentioned shall and may be recovered in the like Manner as the Fares, settled by ej a* ihoie set- the said Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, are by Law made An*. 9 recoverable.

oifcnders liable

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Case where any Person for to recommitted any of the Offences mentioned in any Law relating to the Licensing and regulating of Hackney Coaches by 4ny of the r.nd Chairs, shall be liable to be committed to Prison, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, to be nfi*1*1* or any-t}lre? or more either to commit such Offender to Prison, in like Manner as by any.former

c.'Hackney Act of Parliament they are authorised to do, and for any Time the said Commissioners, or any three or Coaches and more of them, shall think fit, not exceeding one Month, or, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, Clairs, may be to commit such Offender to his Majesty's Workhouse of Bridewell in London, or some other House of Cor-com.iii;tid «i redion, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time* at the discretion of iht said Commissioners, not

IbcrtpPafon, «CCCdi Dg

rt.D. 1767.

Anno septimo Georgii IIIi

C. 44- 3*3

Acceding one Month} tnd also to receive the Correction of the said House, if the said Commissionersort0lBridc*',» fell so think fit u order.

ftcelre the Correction of the House.

5CVt. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of HacknevCoach-Jtugkjfty one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, if any Person who is or shall be duly licensed to let men or drive for Hire any Hackney Coach, within the Limits aforesaid, shall be guilty of Milbcluviour in his b*e* Employment, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three of them, either to revoke revoke//01, such Coachman's Licence, or to inflict a Penalty not exceeding three Pounds, upon Conviction for every they n»y be such Offence, to be paid to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed; and if any fiicj netexcced-Eerlbn so convicted as aforesaid shall not be able, or shall refuse to pay the said Sum so to be imposed as to mloicsaid, he shall be committed to his Majesty's Workhouse of Bridewell* or some other House of Cor- ri^r.°talj if *<Jt ruction, there to be kept to hard Labour for the Space of thirty Days. Paid, rthfy miy

be committed to feme House of Curre&ion, &c.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for every Far«of Hack-or any licensed Hackney Coachman, or his Driver, to demand and take for his Hire, the Rate or Sum of n'y^'#ch for twelve Shillings and lix Pence for a Day's Work or Hire, reckoning twelve Hours to the Day; any Thing J 17911 u in the said tlcited Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV

ILL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of Hackney A uplift, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, every licensed Hackney Coachman, or his Driver, Colch?s who shall drive with any Hackney Coach on the Lord’s Day, shall be liable to do the like Work, as well workoVs^n-without the Weekly Bills of Mortality as within the same, as such Coachman, or his Driver, is by this da/% ait/ or any former Act compellable or liable to do on suiy other Day of the Week. other Day of the

Week.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Clauses in this present Cl <uses in the Act, and in the several Acts of Parliament heretofore made and passed concerning Hackney Coaches and foT-

Chairs, as relates to the Jurisdictions, Powers, and Authorities, of the Commissioners for licensing and^ | cnk". regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs; and of Justices of the Peace; and to the Rules, Penalties, and ney Coaches and Forfeitures, Orders and Directions, in the same A<fls, or any of them, mentioned; flnll be, and are Chain, rcU«in§ hereby, continued in full Force and Effect, for and during such further Time as any other Part of the said to the JurisJ c~ Acts, relating to the licensing of Hackney Coaches or Chairs, shall be in Force and have Continuance, taHT*

Justices, and to the Rales, Penalties, and Forfeitures, drc. continued,

9 XX. And Whereas it frequently happens, that many Persons have Occasion to inspect the Register 9 Books of Carts, Cars, and Drays, required by Law to be kept by the said Commissioners, in order for the more easy Discovery and bringing to Justice the Offenders against the Laws now in being relating to 9 the Drivers of such Carts, Cars, and Drays: And whereas no Directions are given by any of the said 9 Laws for the said Commissioners, or their Clerk keeping such Entry, to permit or suffer any Person to 9 inspect the said Register Books, or to make or gwe out any Copy of such Entry or Entries be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons, having reasonable Persons, hiflnj Cause to inspect such Register Books of Carts, Cars, or Drays, kept or to be hereafter kept by the said reasonableCause, Commissioners, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised to inspect the same; and the said Com- "c. cnissioners, or their Clerks keeping such Register, is and are hereby directed and required, upon Request v.k*

of any Person or Persons having such reasonable cause to inspect the same, to produce the Register Book of Carts, Can, or Books of such Carts, Cars, or Drays, and to make and give to such Person or Persons a true Copy or *nd Drays an4 CQpies of such Entry or Entries therein as shall be required; and the said Commissioners Clerk is herebyto ulcc CoPir# fluthorised to demand and receive for every such Search, and a Copy of every such Entry, the Sum of four ®f Pence, and no more; and the like Sum where only such Search shall be made, although no Copy of such J.'pay* Enrrv shall be required.

XXI. And be it enacted, That no Writ or Writs of Certiorari shall supersede Execution or other Pro- No E»ectmm

reeding upon any Order or Orders made by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act; but thator execution and Proceedings shall and may be had and made thereupon; any such Writ or Writs, Pr Allowance thereof, notwithstanding. to be ruperfedej

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be by Comoran. sued or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in purfinnee of this Act, he or they shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, for his General UT»* and their Defence; and if upon Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, upon Demurrer; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; then such Defendant and Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff Treble Costs. or Plaintiffs; for which Costs he and they shall have such Remedy for Recovery therewt, as any Defendant Former Art* ij or Defendants hath or have in any other Cases where by Law Colts are given to Defendants. & ifCir. a.

c. a. 5 W. Sc U.

c. *1. 6 & 7 W. 3. c. 18. T. 31. jo Ao. c. 19. f, 15S. *a An. St, t. c. 14. 1 Geo. St. a,c. 47. 3 Geo. c.f, it Cco% c.«s. (, if, 17. 16 Ge«.a. c.cS. /. 3. 30 Geo. a. c. a*. C 6. 4 Geo. 3. c. 36.

3 A t

CAP.

Anno septimo Georgii III.

3$4

C. 45.

CAP. XLV.

A.D. 1767.

An Act for encouraging and regulating the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man and for the more easy Supply of the Inhabitants there with a certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, authorised by an Act made in this Session to be transported to> the said Island.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

fritambta c X WHEREAS the Property of the Isle of Man being now vetted in your Majesty, your Heirs and Act c Geo. 3. Successors, in pursuance of an Act made in the fifth Year of your Majesty's Reign, intituled An c. 26, % Act for carrying into Execution a Contract made, pursuant to the Act of Parliament of the twelfth of his late Majesty King George the First, between the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury and the Duke and Dutchess of Atholl, the Proprietors of the Isle of Man, and their Trustees, for the Purchase of the said Island and its Dependencies, under certain Exceptions therein particularly mentioned; it is expedient that Provision' 4 be made for encouraging, improving, and regulating the Trade and Manufactures of the said Island, and the Fisheries on the Coasts thereof: And whereas it is necessary that a Revenue should be raffed* in the said Isle of Man, to answer these Purposes, and to defray the Expences of Government there: We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain assembled in Parliament, being desirous to make some Provision for the Purposes aforesaid, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty* by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in (his present Parliament assembled. From and ifter and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred' 5 July, 1767, and sixty-seven, the Duties payable to his Majesty in the said Isle of Man on alf Goods imported there, the former Du- or exported from thence, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid; and that in lieu thereof there GoLa*°ed ra^ed> levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the following Duties

or eiportrcTto for and uRon Goods and Merchandizes herein after-mentioned, which shall be brought or imported* cease; and the into the said Isle of Man j that is to say,

Duties following to take place in lieu thereof,

Thf new Dudes. For every Gallon of British Spirits imported from that Part of Great Britain called England, one

Shilling.

For every Gallon of Rum, the Produce of the British Plantations, imported from England, one Shilling, and six Pence.

For every Pound Weight of Bohea Tea imported from England, one Shilling.

For every Pound Weight of Green Tea imported from England, one Shilling and six Pence.

For every Pound Weight of Coffee imported from England, nine Pence.

For every Pound Weight of Tobacco imported from England, two Pence.

For every Chaldron of Coals, Winchester Measure, imported from Great Britain or Ireland, three Pence.

For and upon all Hemp* Iron, Deal Boards, and Timber, imported from Foreign Parts, five Pounds per Centum ad Valorem.

For every Ton of French Wine imported, four Pounds.

For every Ton of all other Sorts of Wine imported, two Pounds $ and after these Rates for any greater or less Quantity of such Wine.

For and upon all Sorts of Corn and Grain imported from England, for which any Bounty shall have been allowed and paid upon the Exportation thereof, ten Pounds per Centum ad Valorem.

For all other Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes whatsoever, which are or may be tntitled to any Bounty, or to any Drawback of the Duties of Excise, on Exportation, in Great Britain, which shall be -imported from Great Britain into the said Isle of Man, five Pounds per Centum ad Valorem.

For and upon all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes whatsoever, not herein before particularly charged {except such Goods as are exempt from Duty by this Aftj imported from Great Britain or Ireland, two Pounds ten Shillings per Centum ad Valorem.

And for and upon all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes whatsoever, not herein before particularly charged (except such as are exempt from Duty by this Act) imported from any other Port or Place from ;*» whence such Goods may be lawfully imported into the said Isle of Man, fifteen Pounds^ Centum ad Valorem.

PutI<f*to^ePa!<l

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Rates and Duties herein without any Di f- l)e^ore granted, shall be paid down in ready Money, without any Discount or Allowance; and shall be ^ount; and to raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, under the Authority and Direction of the Commissioners of U rjifed ani le- the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, in like Manner and Form, and by the same *i<d under Au- Rules, Regulations, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as the Duties of Customs, payable in thor>ty and Di Qreaf Britain, are raised, levied, collected, and recovered, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Commissioners Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, relating thereto, were -f the Tieafory, particularly repeated, and again enacted in the Body of this present Act; and (except the necessary Charges See. and to be of rnifing, collecting, levying, recovering, answering, paying, and accounting for the same) the said Ra'es paid in:o the and Duties shall, from time to time, be brought and paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, f *ch UUeth?art distinaiy and aPart a^ other Branches of the Publick Revenue j and such Part thereof as Ciall remain,

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 45. 365

after the necessary Expences attending the Government of the said of, and the Administration of ®rin*h" of the Justice there, are from time to time defrayed, shall be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament., Revc*

Savings to be rtferting for the Disposition of Parliament.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day Goods anwca of Jutyi one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to be imponed to import into the said Isle of Man, in any Ship or Vessel, from any Port or Place whatsoever, any Flax Duty free from or Flax Seed, raw or brown Linen Yarn, Wood Ashes and Weed Ashes, Fish and Flesh of all sorts, and an> P,ac*> any Sort of Corn or Grain, from any Part or Place whatsoever (except from Great Britain only) without ,c

Payment of any Custom or other Duty whatsoever.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day Good*, &c. *1-of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, it shall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty's ,0WC^I? bs Subjects to import into the said Isle of Man, in British Vessels navigated according to Law, from any Port Grclt BrU or Place in Great Britain or Ireland, any Sort^of white or brown Linen Cloth, and Hemp or Hemp Seed, uin or Ireland $ being the Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland; Horses and Black Cattle j all Utensils and Instruments fit and necessary to be employed in Manufactures, Fisheries, or Agriculture) Bricks and

Tiles* all Sorts of young Trees, Sea-shells, Lime, and Soapers-waste, Pack-thread and small Cordage for Nets, without Payment of any Custom or Duty whatsoever for the same.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day from Great Brio of Juh, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, it shall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty's tain only. Subjects to import into the said Isle of Man, in British Vessels navigated according to Law, from any Port

or Place in Great Britain, without Payment of any Custom or Duty whatsoever, any sort of Salt, Boards,

Timber, and Hoops, being the Produce and Manufacture of Great Britain; Iron in Rods or Bars; Cotton* Indico, Naval Stores, and any Sort of Wood commonly called Lumber (as specified in an Act passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, (intituled, An Act for giving further Encou- Act 8 Geo. u 4 ragement for the Importation of Naval Stores, and for other Purposes therein mentioned)5 of the Growth, c» * Production, or Manufacture, of any British Colony or Plantation in America; and all other Goods of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the said Colonies or Plantations, for which any Bounty or Premium is allowed by Law on the Importation thereof into Great Britain.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That due Entries Due Entry to t*

shall be made of the Goods herein before mentioned, which are allowed to be imported into the said Isle of'ade of the Man, Duty-free, at the Custom-house for the Port or Place where the same shall be imported, expressing. ,rn~ the Quantity and Qualities of such Goods, in the usual Manner, before landing thereof, and the same and the ft to ‘ shall be landed in the Presence of the proper Officer of the Customs for that Purpose; on Failure whereof, be l*ndeJ in the he said Goods shall be liable to the Duty of fifteen Pounds per Centum ad Valorem any Thing in this Act Prince of an ©ontained to the contrary notwithstanding. > o^mer ? on Pe- -

, fwJtyof p.iying

Duty.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day Restrirtion* and of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, no Linen Cloth shall be imported into the said Isle f^Lrmitauona to Alan, but such only as shall be bona fide and without Fraud laden and shipped in Great Britain or Ireland, ob^rved W|th and carried directly from thence; and no Glass or Woollen Manufactures shall be imported into the said^m^rtatVnof Isle of Mem, but such only as shall be bona fide laden and shipped in Great Britain, and carried directly th/several Ar-from thence; and no Teas, Brandy, Strong Waters, or other Spirits whatsoever, Coffee, or Tobacco, ticl« here men* shall be imported into the said Isle of Man, but such only as shall be buiafide and without Fraud laden and honed;

shipped at some Port of England, and carried directly from thence, under the Restrictions and Limitations

herein after mentioned; upon the Forfeiture of all such Goods as shall be imported or carried contrary toon Forfeiture of the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or the Value thereof, together with the Ship or Veiled in which the with the same shall be imported or carried, with all her Gun9, Furniture, Ammunition, 'J ackie, and Apparel;the Vessel* to be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, and prosecuted and sued for as herein alter duccted;. any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day Commissioner* of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in of the c»floms England, or any three of them, shall and may grant Licence, without l'ee or Reward, (to continue in Force '"/n77[«ncfi for three Months) to any of his Majesty's Subjects, to export, from any Port of England into the Port of foVxportccrtVn J)ougLn in the Isle of Man, but to nootner, in Britisir> Ships nivigated according to Law, any Quantity of Q^ar.iirics of Spirits, not exceeding, in the whole, fifty thousand Gallons oI British distilled Spirits, and thirty thousand particular Spe-Ciallons of Rum the Produce of the British Plantations; any Quantity of Tea, n >t exceeding twenty fic, of C(>oc!* thousand Pounds Weight of BoheaTea, and five thousand Pounds Weight of Circen Tea, in one Year; j^o th^Fort of any Quantity of Coffee, not exceeding five thousand Pounds Weight, in one Year and any Quantity of Tobacco, not exceeding one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds Weight, in one Year, to comm, nee from the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and in every succeeding Year and Drawbacks al-for the Goods lo exported, by virtue of such Licence, the Exporter shall be intitled to receive the like on the Drawbacks, hut under the same Security, Regulations, and Rtftriciions, in all Respects, as are allowed E*P°rUl^,n or and prefenbed for such Goods respectively when e\potted from Great Britain to Ireland \ jny Law, Custom,1 ,c Ul uodl' or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding: And his Majesty's Receiver General of the Isle rf Man, or his Rrgiiw to be Deputy, it hereby enjoined and requiitd to keep a Remitter, at the Poic of o; the Quantity cf kept *t Dougin,

each

.$66 C. 45.

Anno septimo George III.

A. ty. tj6y.

of the QuantUy each Species of Goods so imported as aforesaid; and to tranGoit ao Account thereof, every Quarter, to the

of each specie* Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs at London*

imported, J '

-and an Account thereof to be transmitted to the Commissioners at London.

The Tobacco -imported x-th ; March last, into the raid Foit, be deemed as 1'art of the Quality limited -ifnd allowed by 'this Act for one \3fear.

*Lne of the Goods here enumerated to be exported again,

-ffti Forfeiture thereof, together with the Vtiiel*

>ReRulati*ns to Le oSfervcv! \\i'll fdpe& to Good* cirried Coast-avise*.

Wo Wool Wool-"iinor Bay Yarn,

or live Shci'p, may be exported j

rtcept to Orrat fhitjin;

B<nd in that afe, to be full ven by tlac Ex-. potter.

The usual 'bounties and Drawbacks allowed on Expor-'ta’ion of Goods ;(Wa‘t ar.iT Barney excited) rfiom Great Bri-un to the tfle

IX. And whereas there are now secured for the Duties, In his Majesty's Warehouse at the Port of c Ikugias in the Isle of Man, one hundred Hogsheads, containing one hundred thousand Pounds Weight c of Tobacco, and upwards, which were imported into the said Port the seventeenth Day of March Iait;* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Tobacco shall be deemed and considered as Part of the limited Quantity allowed by this Act for one Year, from the said fifth Day of July one thoftfand-feveit hundred and sixty-seven; and that it shall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty's Subjects to import into the said Island, under the Restrictions and Limitations before mentioned, only lo much Tobacco, within the Time above specified, as will make up the said annual Allowance of one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds Weight.

X. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, no Tea, Brandy, Strong Waters, or Spirits, of any Kind whatsoever. Coffee, Chocolate, Tobacco, Glass, or Coals, British or other wrought oilks or Salt, nor any Wine, shall be exported, or shipped or laden on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boar, in order to be expoited, from the said Isle of Man, to any Place whatsoever; on Forfeiture of all such Goods, or the Value thereof, together with the Siiip, Vessel, or Boat, in which the same shall be laden, with all her Furniture; to be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, and sued for and prosecuted as Herein after is directed.

XL. And rt is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Goods carried Coastwise in the said Ific of Man shall be subject to the same Securities, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in all Respects, as are prescribed and directed, by any Act of Parliament now in Force, with respect to Goods carried Coastwise in Great Britain.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, no Wool, Woollen or Bay Yarn, or live Sheep, shall be exported, or shipped or laden on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in order to be exported from the Isle of Man\ under the like Penalties and Forfeitures as are inflicted by any Law now in Force, against the exporting such Goods from Great Britain to foreign Parts; except as herein after is provided.

XlfI. Provided always, and -it is hereby further enadeJ by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein before contained shall extend to prohibit the Exportation of Wool, Woollen or Bay Yarn, or live Sheep, from the Isle of Man to Great Britain; the Exporter first giving Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with one or more sufficient Surety or Sureties, to be approved of by his Majesty's Receiver General or his Deputy, in the Isle of Man, in Penalty of five hundred Pounds, for the due Landing thereof, according to the Entry, and to return a Certificate within three Months from the Date of such Bond, under the Hands and Seals of the Collector and Comptroller, or other proper Officer of the Customs, at the Port or Place in Great Britain where such Goods shall be landed, testifying the Landing thereof; the Danger of the Seas and Enemies excepted.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes (Malt and Barky excepted) which may be lawfully exported from Great Britain to the Isle of Man, shall, upon being so exported, be intitled to the same Drawbacks and Bounties, under the like Rules, Restrictions, Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in all Respeds, as such Goods are intitled or liable to by Law, upon Exportation from Great Britain to Ireland.

of Man, as to Ireland.

jNo DiAiMe.y of

XV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day JLw wine* or of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, no Low Wines or Spirits whatsoever shall be made, other Spirits ro extracted, or distilled, within the Isle of Man, from any Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any Sort of Grain, &c.rirr-J on j or from Meal or Flour, or from any foreign or imported Materials, or any Mixture therewith; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall make, extract, or distil, or cause or procure to be made, extracted, or thftilled, any Low Wines or Spirits, from any Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Gfain, or from any Meal or Flour, or from any foreign or imported Materials, or any Mixture therewith; or shall use or mix, or cause or procure to be used or mixed, any Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Grain, or any Meal or Flour, or any foreign or imported Materials, or any Mixture’therewith, in any Worts or Wash, in order for the making, extracting, or distilling, low Wines or Spirits, or shall put or lay, or cause or procure to be put or laid, in any Tun, Wash-batch, Cask, Copper, Still, or other Vessel or Utensil, any Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Grain, or any Meal or Flour, or any foreign or imported Materials, or any Mixture therewith, for the Purpose of preparing any Worts or Wa(h,or for making, extracting, or diff illing, Low Wines or Spirits, in the said Isle of Man; that then, and in each and every of the said cases, such Person or Persons acting contrary to the Directions of this Act, or the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Pulsef-- fion any such Tun, Wash-batch, Calk, Copper, Still, or other Vessel or Utensil, which shall be made o* FotfeHurc of use of contrary to the Intention of this Act, shall be found, shall respectively, for every such Offence, for-^col. with the feit and pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds; and all such Wheat, Barley, Malt, and other Grain, and an<1 ^, JC^ an<^ Flour, and such foreign or imported Materials, or any Mixture therewith, and such Worts

Wafa, Low Wines and Spirits, with the Tuns, Walh-batches, Calks, Coppers, Stills, or other

Vessels

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 45. 367

Vessels or Uicnfils so made use of, shall be also forfeited; and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, and sued for and prosecuted as herein after is directed.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Ships or Vessels which have V>fol« built la been, or shall be, built in the ljle of Alany and shall be owned by his Majesty's Subjects in the said Island, lhe Ifl3nd> bring shall be deemed and piss as Ships of the Built of Great Britain, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, upon one or more of the Owners thereof registering such Ships or Vessels, and making Proof upon Oarh deemed of the Built and Property thereof, before his Majesty's Receiver General, or his Deputy, in the said Isle tuilt. of Alan, in the Manner and Form directed for registering Ships, determined by an Act made in the seventh and eighth 7 & s Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating will. 3,.

Abuses, in the Plantation Trade ;* which Oath shall be attested by the Officer who administered the same, and being registered by him, shall be delivered to the Master of such Ship or Vessel, for Security of her Navigation and a Duplicate thereof shall be transmitted, by the said Receiver General, or his Deputy, tos the Port of London, to be there entered in the general Register of all trading Ships belonging to Great Britain.

XVII. And for promoting Industry, and to encourage the Inhabitants of the TJle of Man to engage in the Herring Fishery upon the Coaih thereof, and in the Manufacture of Linen Cloth, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty- the Herring seven, the several and respective Bounties or Sums of Money herein after mentioned, shall be allowed and Fishery, and paid for the Boats employed in such Fiftiery, and to the Manufacturers of such Linen Cloth, under the ManufactureofT several Limitations and Restrictions herein after expressod j that is to say, Vnen Cloth»

To the Owner or Master of such Boat as shall take the first Maze, confiding of five hundred Herrings, in each Season, videlicet, between the first of June and the first of December, in every Year, the Sum of five c

Pounds.

To the Owner or Master of the Boat which shall fish the greatest Number of Nights, in each Season, as > aforesaid, the Sum of ten Pounds.

To the Owner or Master of the Boat which shall fish the second or next greatest Number of Nights in ©ach Season, as aforesaid, the Sum of seven Pounds ten Shillings.

To the Owner or Master of the Boat which shall fish the third greatest Number of Nights in each Season as aforesaid, the Sum of five Pounds.

To the Owner or Master of the Boar which shall fish the fourth greatest Number of Nights in each Season as aforesaid, the Sum of two Pounds ten Shillings.

To the Owner or Master of the Boat which shall take the greatest Number of Herrings in each Season, provided it exceeds fifty Maze, or twenty-five thousand Herrings, the Sum of ten Pounds.

To the Owner or Master of the Boat which shall take the second or next greatest Quantity of Herrings in each Season, exceeding the Number of twenty-five thousand Herrings, the Sum of hve Pounds.

To the Owner or Master of the Boat which shall take the last Maze of Herrings each Season, the Sum of five Pounds.

To the Admiral of the Herring Fiftiery for each Season the Sum of five Pounds.

To the Vice Admiral of the said Fiftiery, for each Season, the Sum of three Pounds.

To the Water Bailiff of the Island, or his Deputy, in Confederation of the Trouble and Expences of attending at the several Ports, and visiting the Coasts during the Herring Fishing Season, the Sum of twenty Pounds.

To the Weaver or Person who shall weave in each Year, the greatest Number of Yards -of Linen Cloth r°r ,he Enroot within the said Island, of the Value of ten Pence, and not exceeding the Value of one Shilling and fix Iaprme"1 of Pence per Yard, the Sum of six Pounds.

To the Weaver or Person who shall weave, in each Year, the next greatest Number of Yards of Linen Cloth within the said Island, of like Value, the Sum of four Pounds.

To the Person who shall spinj in each Year, the greatest Quantity of Linen Yarn within the said Island, the Sum of five Pounds.

To the Person who shall spin, in each Year* the next greatest Quantity of Linen Yarn within the find;

Island, the Sum of three Pounds.

To the Person who shall export for Sale, in each Year, the greatest Number of Yards of Linen Cloth of the Manufacture of the said Island, being all his own Property, the Sum of ten Pounds.

Which several and respective Allowances, herein before mentioned, shall be paid upon Demand to the ^cuVof use* respective Persons intitled thereto, by his Majesty's Receiver General in the ljle of Many or his Deputy, Fithcij Dutiew out of the Duties of ten Shillings payable to his Majesty, in the said isle, for and upon every Boat or other Vessel employed in the Herring Fishery, and out of the Money anting to his Majesty from the several Bay

Fisheries of the said Island.

XVIII. And, in order to ascertain the Number of Nights such Boats shall have fiflied, it is hereby further c,a'rr* '

enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Master of every Boat employed in the Fiftiery shall deliver, weekly, an Account in Writing of the Number of Nights he has so ffthed in each preceding Week* to the tii»Vow t°o be Admiral or Vice-admiral of the Herring Fiftiery; which Accounts (h ill be verified by the Oaths of the afeerramed. Admiral or Vice-admiral, and the Master of the Boat claiming such Bounty, at the End of each Season, before the Water Bailiff of the Island, or his Deputy; and in calc the Money arifirg by the said Duties ,he.

fayable to his Majesty, in the said ljle of Alvt% for and upon Boats and Vessels employed in the Herring ci7m in »ny"-ifhery, and from the several Bay Fahcrie* of the find Hluuls, flutli not be sufficient in any Scalon to pay SeAron, u/.

7 the.

368 C. 45.

Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

all

The Fishing B uts to be registered } and the Matters thereof to give Bond, in order

Years. Register's Fees,

Bounties to be the Bounties herein before granted, then the said Bounties shall be only paid in equal Rates and Propor* pat t proportion- tions, according to the Receipt of the said Duties, and the Money arising from the said Bay Fisheries.

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be intitled to the Bounties herein before mentioned, unless the Boat, for which such Bounty is claimed, shall, before (he proceeds upon the Fishery in each Seaton, be registered at the Custom-house at the Port of Douglas; and the Matter of such Boat shall give Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with one or more sufficient Surety, to be approved of by his Majesty's Receiver General, or his De-

puty, in the penal Sum of one hundred Pounds, that such Boat shall not export, from the said Isle of Man,

to the Bounties. any G°°ds prohibited to be exported from thence; or import, into the said Isle, any Goods prohibited to be imported there; or export or import there, as aforesaid, any Customable Goods, for which the Duties due and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, have not been duly answered and paid; and shall not be otherwise employed or used in any illicit Trade, whereby his Majesty, his Heirs and Suc-Thc Bonds to be cessors, shall or may be defrauded: Which Bonds shall continue in Force for three Years from the Dates in For.eforthtee thereof; and, in case no Fraud shall appear within that Time, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty's said Receiver General to cancel the same.

XX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Officer registering any Shin, Vessel, or Boat, and taking any Bond in pursuance of this Act, to demand and receive from the Matter or Owner of such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, one Shilling for every Register, and from the Person giving such Bond, one Shilling for every Bond, and no more.

Claims with re-

XXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That before any Person shall be intitled to the spe& to the respective Bounties, granted by this Act for the Encouragement of the Linen Manufacture, each Person Linen Bounties claiming such Bounty shall respectively make Oath before his Majesty's Receiver General of the Island, or how to be af- his Deputy, of the Number of Yards of Linen Cloth wove or exported by the said Person so claiming, and certamed. also of the Quantity of Linen Yarn spun by the Person claiming the Bounty for Spinning, agreeable to the Terms before specified.

mere Goods

XXII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day fiwit be unship- of July, one thousand seven hundred and nxty-seven, if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, liable to Ped or landed the Payment of Duties in the Isle of Man by this or any other Act of Parliament, shall be unftiipped or before Duty paid; Janded from any Ship or Vessel inward bound, before the respective Duties due thereon are paid, agreeable r prohibited to Law; or if any prohibited Goods whatsoever shall be imported into, or exported out of, the said Isle of ^rted orei- Man; every Person who shall be assisting or otherwise concerned, either in the unshipping or landing in-ported’5* wards, or in shipping or loading outwards, such Goods, or to whose Hands the same mall knowingly The Parties con* come after the unttiipping, landing, or relanding the same, shall, for each and every Offence, forfeit cemed forfeit treble the Value of such Goods, to heeftimated and computed according to the bed Price that each Com-treble Ae Value, ni°(jity>[1en bears at the Town and Port of Douglas in the said Island; and the said Goods, and all the Boats* Cattle ®oats» Horses, Cattle, and Carriages whatsoever, made use of in the landing, loading, removing, Car-and Carriages! r,aEc>or Conveyance thereof, shall also be forfeited and lost; and shall and may be seizea by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, and sued for and prosecuted as herein after mentioned.

Sums payable in

XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sums of Money which pursuance of this shall be paid, incurred, or recovered, in pursuance of this Act, shall be deemed, and are hereby declared Act, to be Ster- to be, Sterling Money of Great Britain; and shall be paid, collected, and recovered, to the Amountjof ling Money of the Value which such nominal Sums bear in Great Britain.

XXIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted by this Act, as well specifick as pecuniary, and all Suits or Informations which shall be brought or commenced for the Recovery thereof, shall be sued for, prosecuted, tried, heard, and determined, and the said Penalties and Forfeitures distributed and disposed of, in such Manner and Form, and by such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as are prescribed and directed in and by an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the Mischiefs arising to the Revenue and Commerce of Great Britain and Ireland, from the illicit and clandestine Trade to and from the^fc of Many with respect to the Forfeitures and Penalties therein mentioned.

XXV. And whereas by an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a limited Timey the Exportation of Corny Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, B if cult, and Starch; and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from IVloeat and Wheat Flour; it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That the said Act shall not extend to two thousand five hundred Quarters of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, transported from the Ports of Southampton or Exeter only, unto the Isle of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Island, under certain Restrictions in the said Act mentioned: And whereas the Ports of Southampton and Exeter, being remote from the Isle of Man, the Navigation is too expensive and inconvenient to carry the said Goods from thence; by which Means the good Purposes intended by the said Act has been in a great Measure, if not entirely, ineffectual \ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty's Subjects, at any Time or Times during the Continuance of the

Great Britain. Forfeitures and Penalties to be sued for and recovered, and applied ss Act 5 Geo. 3.

Recital of Clause j in an Act of this Session.

The Qjrtntity

redded aft^of recited Act, to transport Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, from the~Ports of Whitehaven and Wheat, Barley, Liverpool, instead of the Ports of Southampton and Exeter, under the like Restrictions, Securities, and Li-&c. for the use mitations, as are mentioned in the said recited Act; so as the whole Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, of the Inhabi- Meal, and Flour, which shall be shipped at both the said Ports of Whitehaven and Liverpool, together with transported from Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Hour (if any) which shall have been shipped at the Whiichaven and said Ports of Southampton and Exeter, for the Isle of Man, as aforesaid, shall not exceed two thousand five i^unpooi, in- hundred Quarters; one Moiety of the Quantity so to be shipped under the Authority of this Act, shall be

1 shipped

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 46. 369

shipped at the Port of Whitehaven, and the other Moiety thereof at the said Port of Liverpool', any Thing >{ South. Hi the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America \ for allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation, from this King- sutUc«. }. dom, of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts of the Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations; for ItcDu'u^'n discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen Ware exported to America \ and c/lyv, for more effectually preventing the clandestine Running of Goods in the said Colonies and Plantations. boards, Mtll-

boards, and Scale-board*, of the Produce or Manufacturec of Great Britain, into any of bit Majestyt Colonies in America.

WHEREAS it is; expedient that a Revenue should be raised, in your Majesty's Dominions in PrcimbU.

America, for making a more certain and adequate Provision for defraying the Charge of the Admi- nistration of Justice, and the Support of Civil Government, in such Provinces where it shall be found necessary; and towards further defraying the Expences of defending, protecting, and securing, the said Dominions We your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, nave therefore resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several Rates and Duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords /

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twentieth Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, From and afrer there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid* unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon Nov. »767. the respective Goods herein after mentioned, which shall be imported from Great Britain into any Colony the.Dutlc>fo1' or Plantation in America which now is, or hereafter may be, under the Dominion of his Majesty, his place Heirs or Successors, the several Rates and Duties following; that is to say, upon the reVpec.

tive Goods herein after mentioned, imported from Great Britain into the British Colonies and Plantations in America j vis.

# For every Hundred Weight Avoirdupois of Crown, Plate, Flint, and White Glass, four Shillings and Upon GUf*,-eight Pence.

For every Hundred Weight Avoirdupois of Green Glass, one Shilling and two Pence-For every Hundred Weight Avoirdupois of Red Lead, two Shillings.

For every Hundred Weight Avoirdupois of White Lead, two Shillings.

For every Hundred Weight Avoirdupois of Painters Colours, two Shillings*

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Tea, three Pence.

For every Ream of Paper, usually called or known by the Name of Atlas Finey twelve Shillings#

For every Ream of Paper called Atlas Ordinary, six Shillings.

For every Ream of Paper called Bastard, or Double Copy, one Shilling and six Pence.

For every Angle Ream of Blue Paper for Sugar Bakers, ten Pence Halfpenny.

For every Ream of Paper called Blue Royal, one Shilling and six Pence.

For every Bundle of Brown Paper containing forty Quires, not made in Great Britain, six Pence*

For every Ream of Paper called Brown Cap. not made in Great Britain, nine Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called Brown Large Cat, made in Great Britain, four Pence Halfpenny.

For every Ream of Paper called Small Ordinary Brown, made in Great Britain» three Pence.

For every Bundle, containing forty Quires, of Paper called Whited Brown, made in Great Britain, four Pence Halfpenny.

For every Ream of Cartridge Paper, one Shilling and one Penny Halfpenny.

For every Ream of Paper called Chancery Double, one Shilling and six Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called Genoa Crown Fine, one Shilling and one Penny Halfpenny.

For every Ream of Paper called Genoa Crown Second f nine Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called German Crown, nine Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called Fine Printing Crown, nine Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called Second Ordinary Printing Crown, six Pence three Farthings.

For every Ream of Paper called Crown Fine, made in Gr eat Britain, nine Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called Crown Second, made in Great Britain, six Pence three FarthiogS.

For every Ream of Paper called Demy Fine, not made in Great Britain, three Shillings.

For every Ream of Paper called Demy Second, not made in Great Britain, one Shilling and four Pence Halfpenny.

For every Ream of Paper called Demy Fine, made in Great Britain, one Shilling and one Penny Halfpenny.

For every Ream of Paper called Demy Second, made in Great Britain, nine Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called Demy Printing, one Shilling and three Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called Genoa Demy Fine, one Shilling and six Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called Genoa Demy Second, one Shilling and one Penny Halfpenny.

Red Lead, White Lea* Paintm Colour*,

Tea*, and Paper!

jo C. 4.6. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

For every Ream of Paper called German Demy, one Shilling and one Penny Halfpenny.

For every Rcum of Paper called Elephant Fine, six Shillings.

- For every Ream of Paper called Elephant Ordinary, two Shillings and five Pence Farthing.

For every Ream of Paper called Genoa Fools Cap Fine, one Shilling and one Penny Halfpenny.

For every Ream of Paper called Genoa Fools Cap Second, nine Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called German Fooh Cap. nine Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called Fine Printing Fools Cap. nine Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called Second Ordinary Printing Fools Cap. six Pence three Farthings.

’ For every Ream of any other Paper called Fools Cap Fine, not made in Great Britain, one Shilling and ten Pence Halfpenny.

For every Ream of any other Paper called Fools Cap Fine Second, not made in Great Britain, one Shilling and six Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called Fools Cap Fine, made in Great Britain, nine Pence. ’

For every Ream of Paper called Fooh Cat Second, made in Great Britain, six Pence three Farthings.

For every Ream of Paper called Imperial Fine, twelve Shillings.

For every Ream of Paper called Second Writing Imperial, eight Shillings and three Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called German Lombard, nine Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called Medium Fine, four Shillings and six Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called Genoa Medium, one Shilling and ten Pence Halfpenny.

For every Ream of Paper called Second Writing Medium, three Shillings.

For wery Ream of Painted Paper* not made in Great Britain, six Shillings.

For every Ream of Paper called Fine Large Pofi, one Shilling and ten Pence Halfpenny.

Fof every Ream of Paper called Small Pofi, one Shilling and one Penny Halfpenny.

For every Ream of Paper called Fine Genoa Pot, six Pence three Farthings.

For every Ream of Paper called Second Genoa Pot, six Pence three Farthings.

For every Ream of other Paper called Superfine Pot, not made in Great Britain, one Shilling and six Pence.

For every Ream of other Paper called Second Fine Pot, not made in Great Britain, one Shilling and one Penny Halfpenny.

For every Ream of Paper called Ordinary Pot, not made in Great Britain, six Pence three Farthings. For every Ream of Paper called Fine Pot, made in Great Britain, nine Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called Second Pot, made in Great Britain, four Pence Halfpenny.

For every Ream of Paper called Super Royal Fine, nine Shillings.

For every Ream of Paper called Royal Fine, six Shillings.

For every Ream of Paper called Fine Holland Royal, two Shillings and five Pence Farthing.

For every Ream of Paper called Fine Holland Second, one Shilling and six Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called Second Fine Holland Royal, one shilling and six Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called Ordinary Royal, nine Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called Genoa Royal, two Shillings and five Pence Farthing.

For every Ream of Paper called Second Writing Royal, four Shillings and one Penny Halfpenny.

For every Ream of Paper called Second Writing Super Royal, six Shillings.

For every Hundred Weight Avoirdupois of rafte-boards, Mill-boards, and Scale-boards, not made in Great Britain, three Shillings and nine rence.

For every Hundred Weight Avoirdupois of Paste-boards, Mill-boards, and Scale-boards, made in Great Britain, two Shilling and three Pence.

And for and upon all Paper which shall be printed, painted, or stained, in Great Britain, to serve for Hangings or other Uses, three Farthings for every Yard square, over and above the Duties payable for such Paper by this Act, if the same had not been printed, painted, or stained; and after those Rates respectively for any greater or less Quantity.

AH #thet unrated Paper how to be charged.

Quantity of which a Ream, and Quite are to consist.

Duties to be paid as Sterling Money of Great 23ritainj at the Rate of 5 s. 6d. per Ox. an Silver; and to be paid and levied as any ether Duties payable to his Majesty$

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all other Paper (not being particularly rated and charged in this Act) shall pay the several and respective Duties that are charged, by this Act, upon such Paper as is nearest above in Size and Goodness to such unrated Paper.

III. And be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Ream of Paper, chargeable by this Act, shall be understood to consist of twenty Quires, and each Quire of twenty-four Sheets.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Rates and Duties, charged by this Act upon Goods imported into any British American Colony or Plantation, shall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be, Sterling Money of Great Britain; and shall be collected, recovered, and paid, to the Amount of the Value which such Nominal Sums bear in Great Britain; and that such Monies may be received and taken, according to the Proportion and Value of five Shillings and six Pence the Ounce in Silver; and shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, in the same Manner and Form, and ,by such Rules, Ways, and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as any other Duties, now payable to his Majesty upon Goods imported into the said Colonies or Plantations, may be raised. levied, collected, paid, and recovered, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated, and again enacted, in the Body of this present Act: And that all the Monies that shall arise by the said Duties (except the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, levying,

recovering,

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 46. 371

recovering, answering, paying and accounting for the same) shall be applied, in the fiifi Place, in such *nJ to’JC 3P/,r* Manner as is herein atrer mentioned, in m iking a more certain and adequate Provision for the Charge of^,"[hc the AJmiiiistration of Justice, and the Support of civil Government, in fuc h of the said Colonies and Plan- iGkii'YikMhe Uric ns whe;e it shall be found necessary; and tint the Residue of such Duties shall be paid into the Re- Adrr;mrtr.uior» ccipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid nr or .1' c<r> payable to his Majesty, his heirs or Succcii >rs; and shall be thcic telerved, to be from Time to Time dif- £'1 J/rz of the p-.fed of by Parliament towards defraying the neediary Expellees of defending, protecting, and (ecu ring, Jevmm the lituish Colonies and Plantations in America. anj the Reficus

to be paid into the Exchequer, and reserved for the Disposition or Parliament.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That his Majesty and his Sticcessors shall be, His Majesty im-and are hereby, impowered, from Time to Time, determined by any Warrant or Warrants under his or their R< y,d roCJ ,c

Sign Manual or Sign Manuals, countersigned by the High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Com- bcVnp], d out of nrilfioners of the Treasury for the time being, to cause such Monies to be applied, out of the Produce of the Produce of the Duties granted by this Act, as his Majesty, or his Successors, shall think proper or necessary, for de- the kid Duties fraying the Charges of the Administration of Justice, and the Support of the Civil Government, within all as hc fiial]iu°6« or any of the said Colonies or Plantations. neceirJry, for

# - cctrojing tljs

Charges of the Administration of Justice and Civil Oovernm-nt there.

VI. And whereas the allowing a Drawback of all the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation, from this Kingdom, of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, the Growth of the British Dominions in America, may be a 4 Means of encouraging the Growth of Coffee and Cocoa in the said Dominions ;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twentieth Day of November, one thousnn J seven hundred and sixty-seven, upon the Exportation of any Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, of the Growth or Produce of any Britt/}) Colony, or Plantation in America, from this Kingdom as Merchandize, the Whole Duties of Customs, payable upon the Importation of such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, shall be drawn back and repaid; in such Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any Drawback or Allowance, payable out of the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation of such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, was, could, or might be paid, before the passing of this Act $ any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Drawback shall be allowed for any China Earthen Ware fold, after the Passing of this Act, at the Sale of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies* which shall be entered for Exportation from Great Britain to any Part of America \ any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Passing of this Act, at the Company's Sale, as shall be exported

Drawback of the Duties of C;f-torns allowed upon hxporta-tion iiom tb:s Kingdom, of CofiVc jnd Cocoa Nut, Fio-duce of the lin* tish American Fliiititons.

Dru*back dif-coimuued upom such China Earthen Ware fold after the to America.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any China Earthen Wars Penalty of frau-f rid, after the Parting of this Act, at the Sale of the said United Company, shall be entered for Exportation ?uIc^!y cnUr" to any Part of America as China Earthen Ware that had been sold at the Sale of the said Company before that Time; or, if any China Earthen Ware shall be entered for Exportation to any Parts beyond the ware as loid be-Seas, other than to some Part of America, in order to obtain any Drawback thereon, and the said China fore the Psffing Earthen Ware shall nevertheless be carried to any Part of Ameriu*, and landed there, contrary to the true this Act, th.t Intent and Meaning of this Act; that then, in each and every such Case, the Drawback shall be forfeited; and the Merchant or other Person making such Entry, and the Master or Person taking the Charge of the of entering Ship or Vessel on board which the said Goods shall be loaden for Ex|x>rtation, shall forfeit Double the such Waie for Amount of the Drawback paid, or to be paid, for the same, and also Treble the Value of the said Goods; foreign Parts, tm one Moiety to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and the other Moiety to such obtain Draw-Officer of the Customs as (ha tl sue for the same; to be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, in such Manner b*‘ tL^kmeto* and Form, and by the same Rules and Regulations, as other Penalties inflicted for Offences against the ,nd landing it in Laws relating to the Customs may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, by any Act or Acts of Parlia- Am-Hca. ment now in Force. Method of Re-

covery and Application of the Penalty.

IX. And, for the more effectual preventing the clandestine Running of Goods in the British Dominions in America, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twentieth Day of KovcnJrr, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, the Master or other Person having or taking the the Charge or Command of every Ship or Vessel arriving in any British Colony or Plantation in America shaft, belore he proceeds with his Veiled to the Place of unlading, come directly to the Custom-house for the Poit or D.Uriel where he arrives, and make a just and true Entry, upon Oath, before the Collector and Comptroller, or other principal Officer of the Customs there, of the burthen. Contents, and Lading, of such Snip or Ycfltl, with the particular Ma.ks, Numbers, Qualities, and Contents of every Parcel of Goods therein laden, to the best of his Knowledge; also where and in what Port (he took in her Lading; of wh.it Country built; how manned; who was Master during the Voyage, and who are Owners thereof; and whether any, and wb.:t Goods, during the Couife of such Voyage, had cr had not been discharged out of such Ship or Vessel, and where: And the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Com-»c*;«nd of every Ship or Vessel, going out from any British Colony or Plantation in America, before he shall m-dc Outward?* t-la in, or suffer to be* taken into or laden n board any such Ship or Vessel, any Goods, Wares, or Mer- br»or C any Fait chandize*. to be exported, shall, in like Manner, enter and report Outward* such Ship or VtflJ, with0*1*? Lading

3 13 Z hufluUI*tak.

Entry and Report to be made of all Vestrls rn their Arrival in any of the Bii-t ifh Colonies in in America, before they proceed t»the Flacc of unladirg.

Entry also and Report to be

37 2 C. 46.

Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

and a Content

to b<* dc*!ivcreil before foiling.

Mailer affo of every Vessel

®n Penalty of 100 I.

Clauses in Act 13 & 14 Car. c. U.

her Name and Burthen, of what Country built, and how manned, with the Names of the Master and Owners thereof, and ro what Port or Place he intends to pass or fail: And before he shall depart with such Ship or Vessel out of any such Colony or Plantation, he mall also bring and deliver unto the Collector and Comptroller, or other Principal Officer of the Customs at the Port or Place where he shall lade, a Content in Writing, under his Hand, of the Name of every Merchant, or other Person who shall have laden, or put on board any such Ship or Vessel, any Goods or Merchandize, together with the Marks and Numbers of such Goods or Merchandize: And such Master or Person having or taking the Charge or Command of every such Ship or Vessel, either coming into, or going out of, any British Colony or Plantation goin^ouWany as aforesaid, whether such Ship or Vessel shall be laden or in Ballast, or otherwise, shall likewise publick-Bmifli Colony, ly, in the open Custom-house, to the best of his Knowledge, answer upon Oath to such Oueftiona as shall to answer open be demanded of him by the Collector and Comptroller, or other Principal Officer of the Customs for such Oath to the port £r pjacej concerning such Ship or Vessel, and the Destination of her Voyage, or concerning any ndedof him Goods or Merchandize that shall or may be laden on board her, upon Forfeiture of one hundred Pounds at the Custom- Sterling Money of Great Britain, for each and every Default or Neglect; to be sued for, prosecuted, reco-house by the vered, and divided, in the same Manner and Form, by the same Rules and Regulations in all Respects, as Collector, See, of other pecuniary Penalties, for Offences against the Laws relating to the Customs or Trade of his Majesty's

the Port, Colonies in America, may, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, be prosecuted, sued for, re-

covered, and divided.

4 X. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in his Maujifs Customs, and several other Acts now in Force, it is lawful for any Officer of his Majesty's Customs,

authorised by Writ of Assistants under the Seal of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, to take a Con-

liable, Headborough, or other Publick Officer inhabiting near unto the Place, and in the Day-time to enter and go into any House, Shop, Cellar, Warehouse, or Room or other Place, and, in case of Refill- ance, to break open Doors, Chests, Trunks, and other Package there, to seize, and from thence to bring, any Kind of Goods or Merchandize whatsoever prohibited or uncudomed, and to put and secure the lame in his Majesty's Storehouse next to the Place where such Seizure shall be made: And whereas by an Act made in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in the Plantation frade, it is, amongst other Things, enabled, that the Officers f<Jr collecting and managing his Majesty's Revenue, and inspecting the Planta- tion Trade, in America, shall have the same Powers and Authorities to enter Houses or Warehouses, to search for and seize Goods prohibited to be imported or exported into or out of any of the said Plantations, or for which any Duties are payable, or ought to have been paid; and that the like Assistance shall be given to the said Officers in the Execution of their Office, as, by the said recited Act of the fourteenth Year of King Charles the Second, is provided for the Officers in England: But, no Authority being expressly given by the said Act, made in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, to any particular Court to grant such Writs of Assistants for the Officers of the Customs in the said Plantations, it is doubted whether such Officers can legally enter Houses and other Places on Land, to search Writ* of Assist- 4 for and seize Goods, in the Manner directed by the said recited Acts:’ To obviate which Doubts for the am*, pursuant to future, and in order to carry the Intention of the said recited Acts into effectual Executioi}, be it enacted, toL^rlntcdb >an(^ *ls ^erc^y enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twentieth Day of Nib the^upreme 7 Vem^er^ one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, such Writs of Assistants, to authorise and impower Court of justice the Officers of his Majesty's Customs to enter and go into any House, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, or other having Juris- Place, in the British Colonies or Plantations in America, to search for and seize prohibited or uncustomed J ‘ Goods, in the Manner directed by the said recited Acts, shall and may be granted by the said Superior, or Supreme Court of Justice having Jurisdiction within such Colony or Plantation respectively.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced, either in Great Britain or America, against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants: And if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff; the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs. Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as Defendants have in other Cases by Law.

/a 7 *s

Will, p c. 11

didion in the Colony,

[General Issue.]

CAT,

373

.. D. i

767.

Anno septimo Georgii III.

c. 47.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for discontinuing the Duties on Logwood exported; for taking off the Duties on Succus Idquoritia imported, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for explaining such Parts of two Acts made in the tenth and twelfth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, as relate to certain Duties on Silks, printed, painted, or stained, in Great Britain; for granting a Duty upon the Exportation of such Rice as shall have been imported Duty-free, in pursuance of an Act made in this Session of Parliament; and for more effectually preventing the Wear of Foreign Lace and Needle-work which are prohibited to be imported into this Kingdom.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the discontinuing the Duty payable upon the Exportation of Logwood from this Kingdom, may be a Means of encouraging the Importation thereof May it please your Majesty that

it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and from and after Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and *0 July, 1767, by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twentieth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred n®. and sixty-seven, the Duty now payable upon Logwood, exported from this Kingdom to any Parts beyond J*10rtat?on of the Seas, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; any Law, Custom, or Usage, tOLogWOOdto the contrary notwithstanding. Foreign Parts y

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that due Entries shall provided due be made at the Custom-house of all such Logwood, upon which the Duty is taken off by this Act, in the made^ same Manner and Form, expressing the Quantities and Qualities thereof, as was used and practised before an^the fame be the making of this Act; and such Logwood shall be shipped Outwards in the Presence of the proper Of- fliippedin Pre-ficers of the Customs appointed for that Purpose; and the Exportation thereof shall be in British built Ships fence of an Of-or Vessels, navigated according to Lajv > and on Failure of the said Conditions and Directions, or any of *nd in them, the said Logwood shall he liable to the same Duty as if this Act had never been made; any Thing veffds-b others herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding. wiVto’poy-

III. And whereas Succus Liquoritia is rated, in the Book of Rates made in the twelfth Year of the Dutyt Reign of King Charles the Second, at one Shilling per Pound Weight; according to which Value, the Duties now payable upon Succus Liquoritia^ imported into this Kingdom, amount to seven Pounds two Shillings and six Pence for every hundred Weight thereof: And whereas it has been found, by Experience, that the said Duties are too high; which has induced many Persons to import clandestinely great Quantities of such Succus Liquoriti*y tq the Prejudice of the Revenue and the fair Trader :* For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twentieth Day of July, one JThc r°rr thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, the several Duties payable upon the Importation of Succus Lique- Li,?orit!*UtoU, ritia shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid; and, in lieu thereof, there shall be paid and payable to^ease; tBd in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every hundred Weight Avoirdupois of Succus Liquoritia which, lieu thereof joi*. from and after the said twentieth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, shall be im- per hundred ported into Great Britain, the Sum of thirty Shillings. Weight.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duty by this Act granted to be paid in shall be paid down in ready Money, without any Discount or Allowance; and shall not be afterwards readr Money j drawn back or repaid upon the Exportation of the same Goods; and shall be raised, levied, collededj and paid, in the same Manner and Form, and by such Rules, Ways, and Means, and under such Penalties and backonExpor-" Forfeitures, as the Duties upon Succus Liquoritia hereby determined, or any of them, might have been taiion, iced raised, levied, recovered, and paid, if the same, or any of them, had continued*

V. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties to arise upon the Importation and to b« aPPIiei: of Succus Liquoritia pursuant to this Act (the necessary Charges of Management excepted) shall be appro- *8 l^c present priated and applied, as near as may be, to the same Uses and Purposes as the present Duties upon Drugs, upoa rated by the Book of Rates made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, are applicable, or ought to be applied.

VI. And whereas by an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reigp of her late Majesty Queen Anne, Redtai of Cl*ul*

intituled, An Act for laying several Duties upon all Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into in Aa 10 Aaam- the same; and upon Chequered and Striped Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens, andc*

Stuffs, printed, painted, or stained; and upon several Kinds of flampt Vellumy Parchment, and Paper; and upon certain printed Papers, Pamphlets, and Advertisements \ for raising the Sum of one million eight hundred thousand Pounds, by way of a Lottery, towards her Majestys Supply; and for licensing an additional Number of fiackney Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice; and for better securing her Majesty

Duties to arise in the Ojpce of Stamp Duties by Licences for Marriages, and otherwise; and for Relief of Per—

fans who have not claimed their Lottery Tickets in due Time, or have lofl Exchequer Bills or Lottery Tickets;

and for borrowing Money upon Stock (Part of the Capital of the South Sea Company) for the Use of the Pub-4 AV; it is, amongst other hings, enacted, that there should be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and;

Stuffs, of what Kind soever, which, at any Time or Times, within or during the Term of thirty-two Years, to be reckoned from the twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twelve, should»

? bft

374 C. 47.

Anno feotimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain (such Callicoes, Linens, and Fustians, as ftiou'd 4 be dyed throughout of one Colour only; and StutL made of Woollen, or whereof the greatest Part in Value should be Woollen; always excepted) the several and respective Rates and Duties herein after expressed (over and above the Duties payable upon the Importation of them, or any of them) that is to fav, For and upon all Silks so printed, stained, or painted, in Great Britain (Silk Handkerchiefs except- ed) the Sum of six Pence for every Yard in Length, reckoning Half a Yard for the Breadth; and for 4, all Silk Handkerchiefs so printed* stained, or painted, in Great Britain, the Sum of three Pence for every Yard Square; and in those Proportions for wider or narrower Silks: And whereas by an Act passed in 3 Geo. 1. c. 7. 4 the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Ring George the Fir Hr, intituled, An Act for redeeming the Duties and Revenues which were Jettled to pay off Principal and Inter cfi, on the Orders made forth on four Lot- tery Arts passed in the ninth and tenth Years of her late Majestys Reign; and for redeeming certain Annuities payable on Orders out of the Hereditary Excise, according to a former Art in that Behalf; and for establishing a general yearly Fund, not only for the future Payment of Annuities at fever a I Rates, to be payable and tranj- fcrrable at the Bank of England, and redeemable by Parliament, but also to raise Monies for such Proprietors of the said Orders as shall choose to be paid their Principal and Arrears of Interest in ready Money; and for making good such other Deficiencies and Payments as in this Art are mentioned; and for taking off the Duties on Linseed imported, and British Linen exported; the said several Rates and Duties are made perpetual: And 12 Anna c. 9. 4 whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen 4 Anne, intituled, An Act for laying additional Duties on Soap and Paper; and upon certain Linens, Silts, Cal- licoes, and Stuff ' n r ' ' ' 1 n‘ "

ra'sing one mil ances on exporting j

sand Pounds due to the Officers and Seamen for Gun Money; and to adjufi the Property of Tickets in former Lotteries; and touching certain Shares of Stock in the Capital of the South Sea Company; and for appropriate ing the Monies granted to her Majesty \ it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That there should be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, of what Kind soever, which, at any Time or Times within orduring the Term of thirty-two Years, to be reckoned from the Second Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, should be printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain (such Callicoes, Linens, and Fustians, as shall be dyed through of one Colour only; and Stuffs made of Woollen, or whereof the greatest Part in Value shall be Woollen; always excepted] the several and respective Rates and Duties therein and herein after expressed (over and above all other Duties payable for the same, or any of them;) 4 that is to say. For and upon all Silks so printed, stained, or painted, within or during the Term aforesaid in Great Britain, (Silk Handkerchiefs excepted) the Sum of six Pence for every Yard in Length, reckoning Half a Yard for the Breadth 5 and for all Silk Handkerchiefs so printed, stained, or painted, within or during the Term aforesaid, in Great Britain, the Sum of one Penny for every Yard Square; and in those Proportions for wider or narrower Silks j and whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for enabling the South Sea Company to encrease their present Capital Stock and Fund, ky redeeming such Publick Debts and In 4 cumbrances as an therein mentioned; and for ratfing Money, to be applied for lefriling several of the Publick Debts and Incumbrances; and for calling in the present Exchequer Bills remaining uncancelled; and for making forth new Bills in lieu thereof, to be circulated and exchanged upon Demand at or near the Exchequer; the said several Rates and Duties last mentioned are made perpetual: And whereas some Doubts have arisen, whether Ribbands and Silks so printed, stained, or painted, being Jess than Half a Yard in Breadth, are within the Meaning of the said recited Acts, and liable to the said several Rates and Duties by the said Acts ira- posed Now, for obviating all such Doubts, be it declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Ribbands and Silks printed, stained, or painted, i n Great Britain, though less than Haifa Yard in Breadth, are within the true Intent and Meaning of the said Acts, liable to the several Rates and Duties by the said two first-mentioned Acts imposed, according to the Proportions in which such Ribbands or Silks are or shall tkough let* than be made.

Halt' a Yard in-Breadth, declared to be within the latent of the two first Acts; and are liable to pay Duties accordingly.

end 6 Geo. I. *4*

Ribbands *od Silks, printed, stained, or painted, in Great Britain,

VII. And whereas by an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for allowing the free Importation of Rice, Sago Powder, and Vermicelli, into this Kingdom, from his Mujejhfs Colonies in C ause in North America, for a limited Time, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That it shall and may belaw-5 Geo. 3. c. jo. fell for any Person or Persons to import into Great Britain, from any of his Majesty's Colonies in North America, at any Time or Times before the first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty- seven, any Rice, without the Payment of any Subsidy, Custom, Duty, or Imposition whatsoever :* Now, to the End the Advantage intended to this Kingdom by the said recited Act may not be evaded by the Exportation of such Rice into Foreign Parts; we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, do give and grant unto your Majesty, and do humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 'I'hat for and Rice Imported upon all Rice which hath been, or shall be, imported into this Kingdom Duty -free, by virtue of the said Vrt^eof the VaM rec^te^ Act, and which shall be again exported thereout, there shall be paid and rnfvvcred to his Majesty, Attend what Heirs and Successors, a Subsidy of Poundage of six Pence in the Pound, according to the Value of Rate ftiaii le again set upon Rice imported, in the Book of Rates referred to by the Act of the twelfth Vear of King Charles c*ported, is to the Second; which said Subsidy of six Pence in the Pound upon such Rice so exported, shall be raised, levied, collected, and recovered, by such Ways and Means, and under such Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Pound. Forfeitures, as the Subsidy of Poundage for any Goods or Merchandizes exported from Great Britain

DUf

375

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 48.

may be raised, levied, collected, or recovered by any Act of ftrlinment now in Force, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated an J again enacted in the Body of this present Act

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties granted by this Act Moneytobepal* upon Rice exported, shall (the necessary Charges of Management excepted) be paid into the Receipt of his ,nto lheExche* Majesty's Exchequer, and be there reserved for the Disposition of Parliament. cd for Vhe DifpZ

fition of Parliament.

c IX. And whereas the permitting Foreign Lace made of Silk or Thread, and Foreign Needle-work,

to be worn or used in Great Britain, after the same has been seized and condemned, gives the unfair

Dealer in those Commodities Opportunity to secure from Seizures great Quantities thereof, which are clandestinely imported :* Now, to prevent a Practice so very prejudicial to the Publick Revenue, and the Manufacturers of such Goods in this Kingdom, be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the seventh Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, no Foreign No Foreign Lace Lace made of Silk or Thread, or Foreign Needle-work, which shall have been, or shall be, seized and of silk or condemned in Great Britain, for any Cause of Forfeiture, shall be fold or delivered out of any Custom- Thread, or F#-house Warehouse wherein the same shall be secured, otherwise than on Condition to be exported under failed an* the like Securities, Regulations, and Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are prescribed by Law, condemned in for the due Exportation of East India Goods prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain; any Law, Great Britain, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. ht so,d»

delivered out o*

the King*! Warehouses, but for Exportation only.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants, in any such Action or Suit, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special General Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff; the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for regulating the Proceedings of certain Public Companies and Corporations carrying on Trade or Dealings with Joint Stocks, in respect to the Declaring of Dividends* and for further regulating the Qualification of Members for voting in their respective General Courts.

WHEREAS by virtue of divers Acts of Parliament, and of Royal Charters founded thereupon, Preamtte*

certain Public Companies or Corporations have been instituted for the Purpose of carrying on,

particular Trades or Dealings with Joint Stocks; and the Management of the Affairs of such Com- panics has been veiled in their General Courts, composed of the Members at large of such Companies respectively; tn which General Courts every Member of each respective Company, possessed of such Share in the Stock of the Company as in and by the said Acts of Parliament and Charters is limited with regard to each of the said Companies respectively, is qualified and intitled to give a Vote or Votes i 4 And whereas of late Years a mod unfair and mischievous Practice has been introduced of splitting large Quantities of Stock, and making separate and temporary Conveyances of the Parts thereof, for the Purpose of multiplying or making occasional Votes immediately before the Time of declaring a Dividend,

of chusing Directors, or of deciding any other important Question; which Practice is subversive of *4 every Principle upon which the Establishment of such General Courts is founded, and, if suffered to become general, would leave the permanent Interest of such Companies liable at all Times to be sacrificed to the partial and interested Views of a few, and those perhaps temporary Proprietors :* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, no Member* VS* Member of any of the said Publick Companies or Corporations, instituted for the Purpose aforesaid, shall be deemed qualified to vote, or be admitted to give any Vote or Votes, in any General Court of any such Coint \xh<* Company, in respect of any Stock transferred to him, her, or them, after the said first Day of August, were cot poUeir-one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, until he, she, or they, shall have been pofllileJ of such of Stock in Stock six Calendar Months; unless such Stock shall have been acquired or shall have come by Bequest, or lh« Convoy fix by Marriage, or by Succession to an Inteilate’s Estate, or by the Custom of the City of London, or by any Deed of Settlement after the Death of any Person who shall have been intitled for Life to die Dividends Case§^!aVmcnr Of such Stock* tioru-d.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the federal and respective Oaths and o*ths*nd Afiir. Afiumatiom which at preicitf, either by vutucof any Act of Parliament, or by any Charter of any of no^icm.cobirc*,

Ule tw nUun bj*

376 C. 49. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

Members voting the said Companies, required to be administered to, or taken by the Members intitled to vote in the febc*kiCredCun’ General Courts of the said Companies respectively, at or before giving their Votes, shall, from and after Scathe said first Day of Augustf one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, be altered in such Manner, as ^juiied by this to extend to, and comprise the further Qualification required by this Act, in respect of the Continuance Act, and taken of the Possession of such Stock as aforesaid; and that the said Oaths and Affirmations, so altered as afore* accordingly. said, shall, from and after the said first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, be severally and respectively administered to, and taken by the Members of such Companies, in the Place of those heretofore required to be administered and taken.

III. And forasmuch as no Part of the Business transacted by the General Courts of the said Companies can be of more Importance to the general and lading Interest of the Companies themselves, or to the Preservation of Publick Credit, so closely connected with that Intered, than what concerns the fixing; from time to time, of the Dividends to be made out of the Profits and Produce of their Joint Stocks among the several Proprietors having Shares therein: And forasmuch as the Provisions hitherto made have not been found sufficient to prevent many great and dangerous Irregularities being practised in relation to the making of sudden and unwarrantable Alterations in the Rates of such Dividends: Be it therefore enacted N« Declaration by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the tenth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and of a Dividend to sixty-seven, no Declaration of a Dividend shall be made by any General Court of any of the said Com-*mfnlbfi u- Panies, other than one of the Half-yearly or Quarterly General Courts, at the Distance of five Calendar yearly or Quar- Months at the lead from the last preceding Declaration of a Dividend; and that no Declaration of more teriy General than one Half-yearly Dividend shall be made by one General Court; and that no Question upon any Coum, at 5 Proposition for increasing the Rate of the Dividend, shall be decided otherwise than by Ballot, to be taken Months Distance at the Distance of three entire Days, at the least, from the Adjournment, or Breaking up of the General cedtog^cu? Court, in which such Question shall have been proposed.

*ion 5 and for no more than the Half Year. And no Question for a proposed Increase of Dividend to be decided, but by Ballot taken 3 Pays after breaking of of the Court.

[Publick Act.]

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; of which Notice shall be judicially taken by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for regulating certain Proceedings of the General Courts of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it must, at all Times, be of the utmost Importance to the Interest and Welfare of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, that the Power of declaring Dividends upon the Stock of the said Company, verted in their General Courts, should be duly exercised; and that no Determination should ever be made or take place in respect of any such Divi- dend, without a full and fair Opportunity given to the Proprietors at large to exercise the Right of taking such Part in every such Determination as they are intitled to by Law: And whereas it is at this Time become peculiarly necessary to secure, at all Events, as well the permanent Interest of the said Company, as the State of Credit both Private and Publick, from the Mischiefs which must ensue from an improper and improvident Increase of the Dividends of the said Company; which cannot be effectually done without the Interposition of Parliament:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Dividend shall be made by the said Company, for or in respect of any Time subsequent to the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, otherwise than in pursuance of a Vote or Resolution parted by way of Balloting in a General Court of the said Company, which shall have been summoned for the Purpose of declaring a Dividend; and of the Meeting of which General Court for such Purpose seven Days Notice at the least shall have been given in Writing, fixed upon the Royal Exchange in London.

Court summoned for the Purpose, and 7 Days Notice given of the Meeting;

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any General Court of the said Company, at any Time between the eighth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and the Beginning of the next Session of Parliament, to declare or resolve upon any Increase of Dividend beyond the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum per Annum, being the Rate at which the Dividend for the Half Year, ending the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and Beginning of the ^xty-seven, is made payable, next Session of Parliament.

No Dividend to be made for any Time subsequent to 24 June, 1767, but in pursuance of a Vote, &c. carried upon a Ballot in a General

nor Increase of Dividend, beyond 101. per Cent, to be ie« solved on, between S May, 1767, and the

jmr Balloting

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Ballotting upon any Question pro-upon any Ques- posed in any General Court of the said Company, relative either to the Declaration of a Dividend, or to tion to take any other Matter whatsoever, shall be begun within a less Space of Time than eight Hours after the Ad-than k Hours joumment, or Breaking up, of the General Court in which it shall have been determined that such breaking Question should be decided by Ballotting; and that in no Case the Ballotting shall be begun at a later

5 Hour

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. jo; 377

Hour of the Day than Twelve of the Clock at Noon, nor closed at an earlier Hour than Six of the Clocks of the Court j. i, ,h« Atanoon.

at Noon; nor doled before 6 P. M. Tor tie Regulation of in tbt Service, fa 10 Geo. 3. c. 47, § j.

CAP. L.

An Act for amending certain Laws relating to the Revenue of the Port Office and for grant- yf g35' ing Rates of Portage for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain and ’ceT'c'V.0’ the Isle of Man, and within that Island. Gic0-c- "

4 Geo. a. c. 33. 26 Geo. a. c. 13. §8. 4 Geo. 3. c. 24. 5 Geo. 3. c. as.vXJeo. 3. c. 35.

WHEREAS it is of the utmost Importance to the Trade and Commerce of these Kingdoms, that^reamfcle.

all Letters, Packets, Bank Notes, Bills of Exchange, and other Things, may be sent and con- ,

veyed by the Port: with the greatest Safety and Security; and it having been found necessary, that some further Regulations and Provisions should be made for that Purpose May it please your Majesty that it

may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and 7 empornl, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That if any Deputy, Clerk, Agent, Letter-carrier, Post^ioy, or Rider, or Officers or otter*

any other OiHccr or Person whatsoever, employed, or to be hereafter employed, in receiving, damping,

sorting, charging, carrying, conveying, or delivering, Letters or Packets, or in any other Business relating ^rheVcJrt 1

to the Post Office, shall, from and after the hrft Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty- office, *ht>/halt

seven, secrete, embezzle, or destroy, any Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets, Bag, efr Mail of Letters, secrete, embes-

which he, she, or they, shall and may be respectively intruded with, or which shall have come to his, her, *,c» or destroy,

or their Hands or Possession, containing any Bank Note, Bank Post Bill, Bill of Exchange, Exchequer

Bill, South Sea ox East India Bond, Dividend Warrant of the Bank, South Sea* East India, or any other wfth which’ther

Compunv, Society, or Corporation, Navy or Victualling or Transport Bill, Ordqance Debenture, Sea-ftiaii be intrust-

man’s Ticket, State Lottery "Picket or Certificate, Bank Receipt for Payment on any Loan, Note of or which

Alignment of Stock in the Funds, Letter of Attorney for receiving Annuities or Dividends, or for felling

Stock in the Funds, or belonging $0 any Company, Society, or Corporation, American Provincial Bill ofp^" ‘c°

Credit, Goldsmith’s or Banker’s Letter of Credit or Note for or relating to the Payment of Money, ortainingany

other Bond or Warrant, Draught, Bill, or Promissory Note whatsoever, for the Payment of Money; or Bank or other-

Bull deal and take out of any Letter or Packet that shall come to his, her, or their Hands or Possession, Note» *pr P-*y-

any such Bank Note, Bank Post Bill, Bill of Exchange, Exchequer Bill, South Sea ox East India Bond,

Dividend Warrant of the Bank, South Seay East India, or any other Company, Society, or Corporation, tak/theteouf0* Navy or Victualling or Transport Bill, Ordnance Debenture, Seaman’s Ticket, State Lottery Ticket pr any such Bank Certificate, Bank Receipt for Payment on any Loan, Note of Alignment of Stock in the Funds, Letter or oihcr Note* of Attorney for receiving Annuities or Dividends, or for iViiing Stock in the Funds, or belonging to any *-'c-Company, Society, or Corporation, American Provincial Bill of Credit, Goldsmith’s or Banker’s Letter of Credit or Note for or relating to the Payment of Money, or other Bond or Warrant, Draught, Bill, ijctth^withour or Promissory Note whatsoever, for the Payment of Money; every such Offender or Offenders, being Benefit of thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon Clergy, without Benefit of Clergy,

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Paid first Day of Person? who November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall rob any j*1.1 Mail or Mails, in which Letters are sent or conveyed by the Pcff, of any Letter or Letters, Packet ox or

Packets, Bcig or Mail of Letters; or shall steal and take from or out of any such Mail or Mails, or from ftiai Letters or out of any Bag 01 Bags of Letters, sent or conveyed by the Post, or from or out of any Post Office, from any Mail or House or Place for the Receipt or Delivery of Letters or Packets sent or to be sent by the Poss, any or or ,crn* Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets; although such Robbery, Stealing, or Taking, shall not appear, or l,ouic*'

be proved, to be a Taking from the Person, or upon the King’s Highway, or to be a Robbery committed0* L* in any Dwelling-house, or any Coach-house, Stable, Barn, or any Out-house belonging to a Dwelling- beirrconviaed, house; and although it should not appear that any Person or Persons were put in Fear by such Robbery, fu:f. Stealing, or Taking; yet such Offender or Offenders, being thereof convicted as aforesaid, shall never-"*"' "

L>. without

theless respectively be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of^"rf,;of Clergy. ' # # ’’G>'

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Deputy, Clerk, Agent, Letter-officers, cr carrier, Officer, or other Person whatsoever, employed or hereafter to be employed in any Buiinds relating ou^rs.enr.ploy-to the Poss Office, shall take and receive into his, her, or their Hands or Possession any Letter or Letters,t(1 U1 -n>.Bu*»-Packet or Packets, to be forwarded by the Poss, and receive any Sum or Sums of Money therewith for the Post age thereof, Hull, atter the fai<J first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, Urnor*

burn orotnerv/ife destroy any Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets, by him, her, or them, so taken in icW a->« L-t-or received; or if any such Deputy, Clerk, Agent, Letter-carrier, Officer, or other Person whatsoever, to b: ic.i -y. so employed, or hereafter to be so employed, shall advance the Rate or Rates of Postage upon any Letter ^ for or Le;ters, Packet or Packets, sent by the Post, and fluff secrete, and not duly account for the Money |J7hc Post-ee'7* by him, her, or them, received for such advanced Portage; every such Offender or Offenders, being thereof nrwnof£ \ convicted as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of Felony. VArcr ihd’utl*

ag« 00 any Pvft Letter, without duly accountlne for the Money; are dee-ned g’jilry ot Felony.

yj% C. 50. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

€ IV, And whereas it hath been found necessary, for the Convenience and Improvement c>f Trade and € Comtnerce, and for the more safe and speedy Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain A Packet Roat ‘ and the Isle of Man, to establish a Packet-boat between the Port of WhitAoaven in the County of C'um* to becOabiiHied i berland, and the Port of Douglas in the said Isle of Man \ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, have^and'th * ^at from an^ a^ter the h^h Day Jl(by one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, it shall and may Port of Do!i»Ua to and for his Majesty's Post-master General, and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto

in the Me of sufficiently authorised, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to demand, have, Man, for the receive, and take, for the Post and Conveyance of all and every the Letters and Packets that shall be car-Convryance of ried or conveyed by Packet-boats to or from the Port of IVloiteloaven aforesaid, or any other convenient Katet of Posta e ^ort ln Kingdom Great Britain, from or to the Port of Douglas aforesaid, or any other convenient to\eSpaid there! R°rt *n the ffle of Man (over and above all other Rates payable for such Letters or Packets) accord-vpen. ing to the Rates and Sums hereafter-mentioned (the fame being, rated either by the Letter, or by the

Ounce) that is to say,

Tke Rates, For every Single Letter, two Pence. c

For every Double Letter, four Pence*

For every Treble Letter, six Pence. v And for every Ounce, eight Pence.

the

Portage in Ej»§. land.

rCUufej, Provisions, Powers, Privileges, Penalties, See.

in Act.# Annae, «c. 10.

And so in proportion for every Packet of Deeds, Writs, and other Things.

Convenient Post y. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and aftet the find fifth Day of one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, it shall and maybe lawful to and for his Majesty's ctUblished with- Post-master General to establish Post Offices and Post Roads within the said Isle of Man, wherever it shall in the said appear to him to be necessary and convenient for the Benefit of Trade and Correspondence so to do;

island. and that it shall and may be lawful for such Post-master General, and his Deputy and Deputies by him

inland Port of thereunto sufficiently authorised, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to demtnd, be ch^ted after° have, receive, and take, for the Inland Port or Conveyance of alt Letters and Packets sent or conveyed determined by the Rate of the Post within the said Ifie, such Rates cf Postage, in proportion to the Number of Miles or Stares such

Letters and Packets are carried or conveyed by the Post, as how are respectively settled, established, and ascertained, to be paid for the Inland Port or Conveyance of Letters and Packets within that Part of Great Britain called England.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Disabilities, Penalties, and Methods for the Recovery of the same, and all other Matters and Things contained in an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne* intituled, An Act for establishing a General Post Office for all her Majesty's Dominions, and for

settling a Weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's

not repealed or ‘ Occasions,* (and not repealed or altered by any subsequent Law); as also an Act made in the sixth Year altered by any of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, ‘An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses and Art^1 ‘n l^e ^uhhck Revenues of Excise, Customs, Stamp Duties, Post Office, and House Money,* so fin as Ceo'.Vc. *?. the ^d Act relates to the Post Office; as also in an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of and in Aa 26 his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Geo. *. c. *3. Removal of Tobacco by Land or Water, and for the Ease of the fair Trader; and for ascertaining the

Rates payable for the Postage of certain Letters; and for amending and explaining the Laws relating to the Sale of Spirituous Liquors by Retail ;* so far as the said Act relates to the Post Office; as also in an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present most gracious Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving Letters and Packet* free from the

Duty of Postage ;* as also in an Act made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to alter certain Rates of Postage; and to amend, explain, and enlarge, several Provisions in an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in other Acts relating to the Revenue of the Post

other AdTe-C Office and also in this present Act, or in any other Act relating to the Post Office, shall extend, and Jatfngu) the he deemed and construed to extend, to the said Isle of Man> and to all his Majesty's Subjects within the Port Office, ex- said I lie, as fully and cflrftually, in every respect, as if the said Ifie, and his Majesty's Subjects therein, tended to theirte had been exprel'sly included in the said several Acts, or in any of them.

«of Min.

Monies arising

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies arising by the Rates aforesaid, by the Port »?e except the Monies which shall be necessary to defray such Expences as shall be incurred in the Collection Char^dVdu^ an(^ Management of the same, and all other Expences attending the said Office, and the due Execution of ert the Acts relating thereto, shall be appropriated and applied to such and the same Uses to which the present

as’the present Rates of Postage are respectively now by Law appropriated and made applicable.

Rates of Portree, t

ti-niration ot

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be com-Adioas. menced against any Perfort or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the same shall be commenced within six Months after the Fast committed, and not afterwards; and the Defendant or De-Cecejii ]fiuc. fendunts in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to be done, or that such Action or Suit shall be commenced alter the Time before limited /or bringing the same, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon a Verdict 7 for

£0 far as thrfame j-elite to the Port Office;

#lfo in Ad 4 Geo 3. c. *4. and Ad 5 Geo. 3. c. *5

379

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51.

for the Defendant, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their

Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement fb ill be given ag-dnft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in Treble Cofl4 any other Cases by Law.

CAP. LI.

An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Lee, from the Town of Hertford to the River Thames; and for extending the said Navigation to the Flood-gates belonging to the Town Mill, in the said Town of Hertford.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, Pream’>V, recTr.

An Act for ascertaining, prefrving, ar\d improving the Navigation of the River Lee, from the Town ing Act izGouf of Hertford to the Town of Ware, in the County of Hertford; and for preserving and improving the said a* c# I1*

Killer from the said Town of Ware, to the new Cut or River made by the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of London; and for enabling the Gozernor and Company of the New River the better to ftp ply the Cities cf London and Westminster, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof \ with good and wholesome Water, several Powers were granted to Trustees therein and thereby appointed, for preserving and improving the Navigation of the said River Lee: And whereas the Powers thereby granted have been found to be insufficient to answer the good Purposes thereby intended: And whereas by an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign ot Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the bringing of the River Lee to the North Side of the City of London, the whole Jurisdiction, Conservation, Rule, and Government of the said new Cut or River, mentioned to have been made by the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of London, are vested in the said Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, and their Successors for ever: And whereas a divided Jurisdiction upon one and the same Navigation must be productive of great Inconveniencies:

And whereas the Navfgation of the River Lee from the Town of Hertford to the River Thames, in its present State, is attended with many Difficulties and Delays, and liable to many Obstructions: And whereas the further improving of the said Navigation of the said River Lee, and the extending the Navigation thereof to the Flood-gates belonging to the Town Mill in the said Town of Hertford, will be of great Benefit and Advantage to the City of London and to the Counties of Hertford, Essex, and Middle; (ex, and will be of publick Utility: And whereas, by a Survey lately made under the Direction of the said Trustees, it appears, that the said Navigation is capable of being greatly improved; and that the said River Lee is capable of being made navigable to the said Flood-gates belonging to the Town Mill in the said Town of Hertford: And whereas the said Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Trustees Truflec|$: appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, to-

Sether with Sir Anthony Thomas Abdy Baronet, Stotherd Abdy Clerk, Bartholomew Abell, Jeremiah Acres, awiuel Atkinson, Thomas Adams, Joseph Adams, Thomas Adderley, the Right Honourable Conway, commonly called Lord Beauchamp; Sir William Baker Knight, Tloomas Brandy TIsomas Brand junior, Joseph Bird, Thomas Blackmore, William Bakery George Poyner Bi/Je, John Bottler, Edward Baintun,

Michael Harvey Breton, Charles Boddam, Calvert Bowyer, Enas Brownfword, Booth, William

Berners, Nathaniel Braffey, Charles Berners, Peregrine Bertie, Samuel Bosanquet, Robert Boothby, Richard Banyan, Richard Wilbraham Bootle, James Barwseky John Banks, John Brewit, James Beauvoir, Richard Beauvoir, Thomas Boddam, the Right Honourable fames Brydges, commonly called the Marquis of Carnarvon-, the Right Honourable Cecil, commonly called Lord Viscount Cranbourn5 the Right Honourable Edward Cornwallis, Sir Richard Chafe Knight, Sir John Chapman Baronet, Nicholson Calvert,

Richard Cox, John Calvert, Timothy Cafwall, Peter Calvert LL. D. Edward Coddrington, Benjamin Cherry,

Thomas Crcafy, Richard Chiswell, William Clarke, Caekuallader Coker, Robert Child, William Currie, George Richard Carter, Pryfe Campbell, Nathaniel Choimley, Grey Cooper, Peregrine Cujl, George Cooke, Charles Dinghy, Henry Dunjhr, Joseph Diinflate, John Dixon, Thomas Dacwra, Philip Delahaze, John Darker,

Samuel Dixon, Thomas Dew, John Dell, James Eyre, Ralph Freeman D. D. RoJ'e Fuller, Henry Fuller,

Richard Fuller, 7h:mas Fanfhaw, William Forrif cr, the Right Honourable Lord Adam Gordon, Sir John Griffm Griffin Baronet, Sir Alexander Grant BaroncX, Charles Gardiner, Richard Gulston, Edward Gardiner,

Jinnies Gordon, ffohn Gripper, William Gripper, Joseph Gridley, Bradlkavj Galliard, Pierce Galliard, Daniel

T ' 'jlin

Goatley, John Gawler, Soerman Godfrey, Edward Groves, Thomas Giincjler, James Grenville junior, Gajc'ync, Banther Gascoyne junior, Amie Garnault, Charles Gore, James Graham, Jacob Houvlonf JdoiWim junior, William Hally Richard Hall, Hume, Humphry Hally Eliah Harvey,

Hindi, Robert Hindi of Pre/lon, John Howell, John Har dingy Daniel Hay don. Hut chinfon,

John Henniker, Heath, Heath, John Ffauiin, George Hank!ft, Richard Hare, John

JCirkby, the Right Honourable Lord Viscount Lijfurn in the Kingdom of Ireland\ Six Mathexv Lamb Baronet, ^Peniston Lamb, John Luther, John Leartmian of 'Houdefdon, John Lefevre, Peter Lejevre, Isaac Lefevrt, 4*1#rge Lake, Edward Lewis, John Lockwood, John Ltapidge, John Regers Lawton, William Lake, the

3 t a Honourable

8o 0.51. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

Honourable George Monfcn, Sir JVi Hi am Maynard Baronet, M'afterman, Joseph Martyn, Thomat

Morgan, Charles Morgan, Charles Mahew, Thomas Marlborough, Peter Muilman, Richard Muilman, John Malet, Richard Mills, Joseph Mellifj, C hr if of her Molineux, Crisp Molineux, Adolphus Mectherke, Charles k Maynard, the Right Honourable Frederick Norths commonly called Lord North \ Abraham North, Richard Nicholas, James Noel, Arnold Nifbitt, Sir William Owen Baronet, George Onslow, George Orgar, Abraham Ogie, Robert Henley Ongley, Oliver, Sir William Beauchamp Pro ft or Baronet, George Prefect,

Newdigate Poyntz, David Poole, George Prefcctt junior, Michael Pepper, Board Packer, George Proctor, George Phelps, John Paterson, John Phillips, Robert Pell, Jens Peder/on, Mathew Raper, Raper, John

Radcliffe, Runington, Strmnrl Rogers, William RackJlrovj, Roberts, Joshua Reynolds, Heneagt

Robinson, isaac Martin Rebow, Jeremiah Ra\ment, bir Saunders Sebright Baronet, Sir

Thomas Salusbury Knight, Richard Stanley, John Shenv, John Sabine, Joseph Sabine, Francis Stanley Clerk, Laurence Sullivan, Samuel Scott of Hertford, John Smart, Seymour Stocker, Richard Smith, IVi Hi am Squire, Henry Stout, Samuel Scott of Arnwell, John Scott of the same, George Sealy, Charles Smith of StratfordT William Sotheby, Henry Seymour, William Squire, the Reverend F. Stanley junior, Joseph Smith, Henry Spurting, John Sawbridge, Scudamore, Henry Southouse, Thomas Scot, Samuel Scot, Charles Steide%

Charles Smith, James Spagg, Robert Salmon, Lifer Silmon, John Shelley, Henry Shiffner, John Stepbenfov, John Strutt, ?<?/;>; Shakespear, Daniel Stacy, Christopher Scott, William Southouse, William Sitwell, Richard Salway, the Right Honourable the Earl of Thomond in the Kingdom of Ireland, the Right Honourable the Earl of Tylney in the Kingdom of Ireland, the Right Honourable Charles Townsend, James Turvin, James Townsend, Francis Tyf 'cn, Thomas Thornton, John Tucker, George Forfler Tuffnell, Thomas Tejhmaker, John UJborne, Benjamin Vaughan, George Wright, Samuel White, Samuel Wake, William JValley M. D. Lewis Weston, Benjamin Wellington, Peter JValley, isaac Whittington, Bourchier Walton, Edward Woodcock x Arthur JVarren, joshua Winter, Ralph Winter, John JVeyland, Edward Woodcock Cleric, Charles Whit worth, Joseph IVilcocks, Thomas Winfpear, the Honourable Charles Torke, Thomas Tate, M. D. the Lord Mayor, Court of Aldermen, and Recorder of the City of London for the time being, the Comptroller of the Works and Revenues of London Bridge for the time being, the Mayor and Recorder of the Borough o( Hertford for the time being, the Governor, Deputy Governor, and Treasurer, of the New River Company for the time being, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees for the making, extending, improving, and maintaining, the Navigation of the said River Lee, from the Flood-gates belonging to, the Town Mill in the Town of Hertford to the River Thames, and for putting this Act in Execution

Their Power, and that the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall be, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from time to time, at their Discretion, to cleanse, scour, deepen, enlarge, or straighten the Channel or Course of the said River Lee-, and also to set out, open, make, and maintain, all or any of the new Cuts or Canals, herein after specified and described to communicate with the said River Lee, an({ to be used for the said Navigation^ and also to remove all Obstructions and Impediments whatsoever to the said Navigation; and* all'o to build, erect, set up, and make over or in the said Channel or Course o( the said River, and the new Cuts and Canals aforesaid, and upon the Lands and Grounds adjoining or near to the same, such and so many Bridges, Locks, Staunches, Flood-gates, Pens of Water, Weirs, Stanks,

*’ Weigh-beams, Cranes, or other Engines of the like Kind, as they shall think necessary or convenient for the said Navigation, and from time to time to alter and repair the same; and also to set out and make Towing paths or Haling-ways upon any of the Lands or Grounds aforesaid, for towing or drawing with Men, or Horses or other Cattle, Boats, or other Vessels using the said Navigation; and also to dig, take, and carry away. Clay, Gravel, Stone, or other Materials, proper for carrying on the said Works, and to be used and expended only in the said Works, in and from any of the Lands and Grounds aforesaid (excepting only Gardens, Orchards, Yards, Parks, Paddocks, inclosed Lawns, and Avenues to Houses planted with Trees ;) and to carry and convey Timber and all other Materials for the said Works upon, through, and over, the Lands or Grounds of any Persons whatsoever, to the respective Places where the said Works respectively are intended to be made, and to place, lay, and manufacture, the said Materials on the Lands or Grounds adjoining or near to such respective Places; and generally to do and perform all Acts, Mattets, and Things, which the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall think necessary for the making, extending, improving, and maintaining, the said Navigation of the said River Lee, from the Flood-gates belonging to the Town Mill in the Town of Hertford, to the River Thames, and tp enable them to execute the Powers hereby vested in them. ‘

Rat’pfavfbion for

II. Provided always, That a full and adequate Satisfaction and Compensation be made in Manner herein

Damages. after-mentioned to all Persons for the Damages they may sustain from the carrying this Act into Execution ' as aforesaid.

Cuts to be made.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall be, and they are hereby impowered, to set out, open, make, and maintain, one new Cut or Canal, to be used for the find Navigation, leading from the said River Lee, at or near a Place called The Folly, into and down part of Dicker Alill Stream, and to be carried out of the said Stream above Dicker Mill, into the Channel of the said River, now used for Navigation, at any Place they shall think most convenient for the said Navigation, between Confanfs Weir and Manifold Ditch; one other new Cut or Canal, to be used for the said Navigation, leading from the Tail of the Cistern or Lock above JVare Alill, into the aforesaid Chanoel on the South Side thereof, at any Place above Water Lane near the Priory Orchard; one other new Cut or Canal to be used for the said Navigation, leading from the aforesaid Channel, at any Place above Watt Weir, and below JVare Bridge, into the fatnc Channel on the South West Side thereof at any Place above Ftanfed Bridge; one other new Cut or Canal to be used for the said Navigation, leading from the aforesaid Channel below Staffed Bridge into the same Channel above the Tail Stream of Stanfed Mill', one

other

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51. 381

other new Cut or Canal, to be used for the said Navigation, leading from, the aforesaid Channel above FidiPsy otherwise Rye Bridge Weiry into the same Channel on the North Well Side thereof at any Place between Archers IVcir and Fid A s IVeir; one other new Cut or Canal, to be used for the said Navigation, leading from the aforesaid Channel above Doll's JVdry otherwise the New Tnnif ikey into the same Channel on the East Side thereof below the Stream leading into the I^ead of Lroxlnm Act!I; one other new Cut or Canal, to be used for the said Navigation, leading from the aforesaid Channel above Caithagam Turnpike into the same Channel a little below the same; one other new Cut or Canal, to be u!hd for the said Navigation, leading from the aforesaid Channel above King's IVeir, over Chcjhnnt Mill Streamy into the same Channel at or near the Welt Tail Stream of the Powder Mills near Waltham Alley; one e ther new Cut or Canal, to be used for the said Navigation, leading from the said River Lee above Sothely\

Upper IVeir, otherwise called Newman s IVeir, on the Wist Side thereof, and to run to, and coni.mu mean:

with Enfield Alill Stream, at any Distance not more than one hundred Yards to the Souihwaid of and

below the Lock called Enfield Locky creeled at the Head of the said Mill Stream, and from thence to run

through Enfield Mill Stream (which the said Trustees may enlarge for that Purpose) to any Distance not

nearer than three hundred and forty Yards to the Northward of and above Enfield Corn All.7, and from 9

thence to make another Cut or Canal, to be used for the said Navigation, to the Eastward of the said

Mill Stream, to run into, and communicate again with the same at any Distance not nearer than tuo

hundred and four Yards below Enfield Mill, and from thence to run through so much of the said Mill Tail

Stream as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall think proper; and from thence to make

another Cut or Canal through Part of Enfield and Edmonton Mnrjhes, across the Ditch that parts Edmonton

and Tottenham Mar floes, and through Part of Tottenham Marsh, into and through the Tail Stream of 1

Tottenham Milly into the same Channel; one other new Cut or Canal, to be tiled for the said Navigation,

leading from the said Channel below Flanders JVharfy through several Crooks, into the same Channel,

above the Tail Stream of JValth a inflow Alill; one other new Cut or Canal, to be used for the said N wiga-

tion, leading from the aforesaid Channel between Lee Bridge and the Puddings belonging to Hackney

H ater-works, but not nearer than ten Yards from the said Buildings through Part of Hackney Marsh, into,

the fame Channel between Pudding Mill Stream and Hackney Brooky on the Part Side of Jones's Callico

Grounds at Old Ford; and one other new Cut or Canal, to be used for the said Navigation/leading from the aforesaid Channel, at any Place between Bromley Lock and Bromley Ilally through the Parish of Bromley

Saint Lecnardsy the Hamlet of Blackwall and Poplar y in the Parish of Saint Dunstan Stepneys otherwise

Stdonheathy and the Parish of Saint Ann Limchoufie% in the County of Middlesex, to be carried on the.

North of Limehoufie Church, into the River Thames at or near Limchufie Bridge Dock.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any live or more of them, shall have full Trufiecsimpow* Power and Authority to employ or contrail with any Person or Persons for the executing of all or any of crcdtoconrjft the said Works; such Contrails to be for such Time or Times, and under such Conditions, as the said ^re*scut'ng Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall think proper; and such Person or Persons employed or con- or s* trecded with as aforesaid, his or their Agents, Workmen, Servants, and Labourers, are hereby authorised and impowered to execute all and every the Powers hereby intended to be vested in the said Trustees.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall be, and they Tniflrrslrrpow-are hereby impowered to treat, contrail, and agree, with the Owners or Proprietors of, and Persons in-ered to purch-fe terested in, any Messuages, Weirs, Turnpikes, Locks, Cisterns, Tenements, or Hereditaments, other than Wcirs> *c* Mills, which they the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall adjudge neccftary, convenient,

or proper, to become seised or possessed of, to be pulled down, destroyed, cut, digged, altered, removed, or erherwife made use of, for the Purposes of this Act, for the Purchase thereof, at such Price or Prices, either byway of Sum or Sums of Money in gross, or annual Rent or Rents, as to the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall seem reasonable; and also to treat, contract, and agree, foj; the Recompence and Satisfaction to be made to the Owners or Proprietors, and Persons interested in any Messuages. Mills, Weirs, Turnpikes, Locks, Cisterns, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any other Species of Property, for the Damage they may sustain by the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act: And it shall be lawful for all BoJics Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, Husbands, Gumdinns,

Trustees, Committees, Executors, or Administrators, for or in Behalf of their Ceftuiquc Tiufts, whether Infants or Iiluc unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, or Femes Covert, and to and for every other Person and Per-fruis whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, or possessed of, or interested in, any such Messuages, Weirs,

Turnpikes, Lot ks, Cisterns Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to contract for, and Ml and convey* the lame unto the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Icven or more of them, shall nominate and appoint, for such Sum or Sums of Money in gross, or annual Rent or Rents, as shall be agreed upon, or to agree with the said Trustees, or any seven or moic of them, for any Recompence to be made for the Damage which mr.y be done to any such M» fiinigcs.

Mills, Weirs, Turnpikes, Locks, Cisterns, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments or to any other Property, by the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act; and that all such Contract, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, and Conveyances, shall, without any l ine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, be good and valid in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, of the Person and Persons conveying, but also to convey all the Fibre, Right, Title, Inteicft, Use, Pro-peity. Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of their several and respective Ceftuiquc Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, and all claiming, or to claim, by, from, or under them, or any of them; any Law, Statute, Usage or any other Matter or Thing, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: And that all Persons so contiact- am1 in.i-ira/i/icJ *r£> agreeing, and conveying, as aforesaid, are and shall be indemnified for what they shall Jo by virtue tiucio.

6 and

38* G. 51.

Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

VPhere Lands

separated into inull Parcels, Power to fell 4M exchange*

Jury to be fuxzunone<l9

and in purfuaitce of thrs Act: And the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, may also adjust what Proportion of the Sum To agreed to be paid for such Purchase or Damage shall be allowed to the Tenant or Tenants of the said Premises; and all such Contracts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, so to be made as aforesaid, shall be inrolled by the Clerk of the Peace for the County wherein such Messuages, Weirs, Turnpikes, Locks, Cisterns, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Property, shall be respectively fituace or being, within six Months after the Execution thereof; and true Copies of the same, without Stamps, signed by the Clerk of the Peace for the time being, shall be deemed and taken to be good Evidence thereof in all Courts whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That where, by the making the said Cuts or Canals, or any of them, the Property of any Land Owners shall be separated into fmafi Parcels, it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, and any other such Land Owners, by and with the Consent of the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, to be testified by any Writing or Writings to be by them sealed and delivered in the Presence of two or more credible Witnesses, to contract for, fell, and dispose of, or to convey in Exchange, in lieu of other Lands or Hereditaments, all or any Part of such Lands or Grounds through which the said intended Cuts or Canals, or any of them, or any Part of them, or any of them, shall be made, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for such Price or Prices in Money or other Equivalent, as to the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall seem reasonable; and all such Contracts, Sales, Exchanges, Conveyances, and Assurances, shall be valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes; any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: And all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all other Persons whosoever, so conveying or exchanging as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified for what he, fbe, they, or any of them, shall respectively do by virtue of and in pursuance of this ActL Persons neglea-

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or any in? to treat for person ot Persons whosoever shall, for the Space of twenty-one Days next, after Notice in Writing given We its La n ds*1 *° Pr»nc*Pa^ Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or to such Person or

cirs, n s, persons respectively, or left at the Place or Places of his, her, or their Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants in Possession of the said Mefiuagvs, Weirs, Turnpikes, Locks, Cisterns, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which it will be necessary for the said Trustees to become seised or possessed of, or to cause to be cut, destroyed, digged, altered, removed, or used as aforesaid, neglect or refuse te treat, or shall not agree with the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, or through Disability by Nonage, Coverture, or other Impediment, cannot treat for themselves, or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premises they are in Possession of, or to the Interest they claim; then, and in every such Case, the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from time to time, to issue out their Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to be directed to the Sheriff of the County wherein such Messuages, Weirs, Turnpikes, Locks, Cisterns, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be respectively situate or being; or in case such Sheriff shall happen to be interested in the Matter in question, or any ways related to any of the Parties interested or concerned therein, then to one of the Coroners of the said respective'Counties, commanding such Sheriff* or Coroner respectively to impanel, summon, and return, a Jury, to appear 'before the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, at a Time and Place to be specified in such Warrant; and the said Sheriff or Coroner respectively, to whom the said Warrant or Warrrants shall be directed, is hereby required accordingly to impanel, summon, and return, a Jury of twenty-four able and sufficient Men, qualified according to the Laws and Statutes of this Realm to be returned for Trials of Issues joined in his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, to appear before the said ‘Trustees, or any seven or more of them, at such Time and Place as by such Warrant or Warrants shall be directed and appointed, not being less than ten Days after such Warrant shall be served upon the said Sheriff or Coroner respectively, or more than twenty-one Days after such Service, upon Pain to forfeit for every Default, in not making such Return, twenty Pounds, to be sued for and recovered in the Manner herein after directed; and also to return in IAues upon every Person so impanelled and returned, notap-

staring, contrary to the true Tntent and Meaning of this Act, the Sum of forty Shillings, which shall be evitd upon the Goods and Chattels of the Person not appearing as aforesaid, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them; and in case a sufficient Number of Jurymen shall not appear, the said Sheriff or Coroner shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured to attend that Service, being so qualified as aforesaid, to make up the said Jury to the Number of Twelve; and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen: And the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, are hereby impowered and required, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Scab, from time to time, as Occasion shall require, to summon and call before them all and every such Person and Persons as shall be thought proper or necessary to be examined as Witnesses by the said Truf-tecs, or any seven or more of them, or any of the Parties interested, touching the Matters in question; " and the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall and may, in case they think the same proper,

or shall be required so to do by any Person or Persons interested, order and authorise the said Jury, or any fix or more of them, to view the Place or Places, or Matters, in question; which Jury, upon their Oath, to be administered by the said Trustees, or any two or more of them (which Oath, as also the -mKo shall ifrer- Oaths t6 such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, (he said Trustees, or any two tain the Sums to or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer) shall inquire of, assess, and ascertain, what Sum or b-paid for i>ur- Sums of Money shall be paid, either by an annual Rent or Payment, or by a Sum in gross, for the Pur-to«clar,4Da" chafe any ^ucJl Messuages, Weirs, Turnpikes, Locks, Cisterns, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

A.D. 1767.

Anna septimo Georgii III. c. 51. 383

and the Recompence to be made for Damages to the Owners or Occupiers of, and Persons interested irt any Messuages, Mills, Weirs, Turnpikes, Locks, Citterns, Lands, Tenement?, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, or any other Property, that shall or may be sustained as aforesaid; and shall (except in such Cases where the Monies to be for such Purchases are to be hid out and inverted in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as herein after directed) settle and ascertain in what Proportion the Sum or Sums, Rent or Recompence, so assessed, shall be paid or made to the several Persons respectively interested in the Premises: And the said Tru flees, or any seven or more of them, shall give VerJift of the Judgement for such Sum or Sums, Rent, Damages, and Recompence, so to be assess'ed by such Jury; J«ry which said Verdict, and the said Judgement thereupon declared or pronounced by the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, and the Value, Damages, and Recompence, so assessea, shall be binding and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, against all and every Party or Parties, their Heirs, Successors,

Executors, Administrators, Assigns, and all others claiming any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest, in the same Messuages, Mills, Weirs, Turnpikes, Locks, Citterns, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Thing thereunto belonging or appertaining, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, or otherwise, as well Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, Infants, Idiots, Lunaticks, Femes Covert,

Tenants in Tail, or others, and their respective Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, and alt claiming by, from, or under him, her, or them, or any of them.

VIII. Provided always, That Notice of the Time and Place of making such Inquiry and Assessment by Profit#, a Jury as aforesaid, shall be given lo or left at the usual or the last Places of Abode of the Parties interested, or the Tenants or Occupiers of the Premises respectively, at least ten Days before such Inquiry

or Assessment.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons summoned as aforesaid to give Evidence, Penalty on wit* shall neglect or refuse to appear at such Time or Times, Place or Places, as shall be appointed in thene(rf*r^n? Warrant or Warrants granted by the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, for that Purpose; or to &*eEfhitm3* appearing, shall refuse to be sworn or examined by, or give Evidence before, the said Trustees; or if any

Pertbp, summoned as a Juryman as aforesaid, shall, after his Appearance, refuse to be sworn, or, being so (Worn, aefufe to give, or not give, his Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect his Duty in the Premise6, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; every Person so offending, having no reasonable Excuse, to be allowed by the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds, to be levied by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels 5 returning the Overplus to the Owners thereof, after such Penalty, and the Charges of foeh Distress and Sale, shall be deduced.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Verdicts and Judgements shall be set <1owit in Writing, Verdlftt to be without any Stamps thereupon, under the Hands and Seals of the Trustees acting in the Premises, or any kept by the three or more of them, and shall be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace for the respective County wherein

such Verdicts shall be respectively given, and be kept amorrgft the Records and Writings of the Quarter rctce* Sefions of the Peace for the time being of the said County; and the same, or true Copies thereof, without Stamps, shall be ta\en, adjudged, and deemed good and sufficient Evidence and Proof in any Court of Law or Equity whatsoever 5 and all Persons may have recourse to the same at all convenient Times, paying for every such Inspection one Shilling; and may take Copies thereof without Stamps, paying for every Copy not exceeding one hundred Words, the Sum of six Pence, and so proportionably for any Number of Words.

XI. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Sum or Sums, or annual Rent or Rents, so Upon Payment agreed or contracted for, or assessed and adjudged for Damages as aforesaid to the Parties concerned, or for or Tender of the Purchase of any such Messuages, Weirs, Turnpikes, Locks, Ciftcrns, Lands, Tenements, or Here- Mor.ey, ditaments, or legal Tender thereof made to them respectively (which Sum or Sums of Money, or annual

Rent or Rents, the said Trustees, or any fiv^or more of them, are hereby authorised to pay out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act ;) or in case such Parties cannot be met with, or shall refuse to accept the same, then, upon Payment of such Sum or Sums, or annual Rent or Rents, into the Hand* of such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, under their Hands in Writing, appoint, for the Use of the Parties interested as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, or their Agents, Workmen, and Servants, to enter, pull Trurtm may down, destroy, cut, dig, alter, remove, or otherwise use such or so much of the said Messuages, Weirs,

Turnpikes, Locks, Ciftems, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for which such Value, Damages, or \vor£?oHhe Recompence, shall have been contrafted for, agreed on, assessed, or adjudged, as aforesaid, and thereon Navigation, to make, erect, and do any Works, Matters, or Things, for the improving the said Navigation, and for the supporting and maintaining the same, or for executing any of the Powers of this Act, as the fi id Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall think requisite; and this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify as well the said Trustees, as all Persons employed or author ifed by them, against the said Owners, Occupiers, or other Persons interested, their Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and against all and every other Person and Persons, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money which are to be paid to any Bodies Politick, Pnrfhifr.mo. Corporate, or Collegiate, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, Executors, or Administrators, n,e*10 b l4, J for or on Behalf of any Ccftuique Trusts, whether Infants or I flue unborn, Lunatic ks. Idiots, or Femes ^J1^0 lhe Covert, or to any Person or Persons whose Estate or Estates is or are limited in Strict Settlement, for the U CU Purchase or Exchange of any Mcfiunges, Weirs, Turnpikes, Locks, Ciftcrns, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments aforesaid, shall, in calc the same exceed the Sum of fifty Pounds, by such Bodies Politick,

Corporate,

J

Trustees may 0ntrr and take a Survey upon living Notice.

Future Damages h ow to be

ascertained.

CompUinaat to have an Opuoc, Arc.

C. 51. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

Corporate, or Collegiate, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, Executors, or Administrators, or other Person or Persons seized of such Messuages, Weirs, Turnpikes, Locks, Citterns, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so limited in Strict Settlement, be laid out as soon as conveniently may be in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Fee-simple; such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so to be purchased, to be conveyed to or to the Use of such Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, Executors, or Administrators, or to and for such other Person or Persons, and for such Estates, and to, for, upon, and subject to such Uses, Trusts, Limitations, Remainders, and Contingencies, as the Messuages, Weirs, Turnpikes, Locks, Citterns, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for or in respeef whereof such Purchase-monies, or Monies received in Exchange, shall be paid as aforesaid, were limited, settled, and affined, at the Time such Purchase-monies, or Monies received in Exchange, were so agreed for, ascertained, or assessed respectively as aforesaid,*or so many of such Uses as shall be then existing and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean time, and until such Purchase and Purchases shall be made, the said Monies shall be placed out by such Bodies Politick, Cor-

Porate, or Collegiate, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, Executors, or Administrators, or other erson or Persons, in some of the publick Funds, in the Names of two or more Persons, the one to be nominated by the Party or Parties interested therein, and the other by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them; and the Interest arising or to be produced from such Funds shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively as would, for the time being, be intitled to the Rents and Profits of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so to be purchased, in case the same were purchased and settled pursuant to the Tenor and true Meaning of this ACti

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint, without any previous Payment or Tender of Recompence, to enter upon and take a Survey and Level of, and to mark out any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which they the said Trustets, or any five or more of them, shall think necessary to be used for any of the Purposes of this Act; doing thereby as little Damage as may be, and giving two Days Notice at the least of such Entry to the respective Owners or Occupiers of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and making Satisfaction as (bon as may be for all Damages which shall be thereby occasioned, in case such Damages shall exceed the Sum of one Shilling.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or others, at any Time after the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons employed or authorised by them, shall have begun to carry this Act into Execution, for the improving or extending the said Navigation, or after they shall have completed the same, shall happen to sustain any Damages or Injury, in his, her, or their Messuages, Mills, Weirs, Locks, Cisterns, Turnpikes, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, Hereditaments, Bridges, Fences, or otherwise, by any Act, Neglect, or Default of the said Trustees, or of their Agents, Workmen, or Servants, or by reason of any Alteration which shall be made by them, or any or either of them, on the said River, or on the said Cuts or Canals, or Works to be made by virtue of this Act, for which they shall have no Recompence or Satisfaction, or for which no Recompence or Satisfaction is hereby otherwise provided; then, and in every such Case, a Demand of Satisfaction for such Damages shall be left in Writing with the Clerk of the said Trustees, or at his usual Place of Abode; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, and they are hereby required, within the Space of ten Days after the next Meeting of the Trustees, such Demand or Satisfaction made as aforesaid, to offer to such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, by Writing signed by their said Clerk, such Sum or Sums of Money, or other Recompence as they shall think an adequate Compensation for such Damages as aforesaid: And in case such Person or Persons shall be dissatisfied with such Sum or Sums of Money, or other Recompence so offered, or in case no such Offer shall be made within such Time as aforesaid, then if the Person or Persons sustaining such Damages shall, by Notice in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to be delivered to the Clerk of the said Trustees, or left at his usual Place of Abode, require the same, the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required, within the Space of thirty Days next after the Meeting of the said Trustees after such Notice so delivered as aforesaid, to enquire of and ascertain such Damages by a Jury robe impanelled, returned, and sworn, in Manner herein before mentioned, 2nd give Judgement for the Party or Parties aggrieved, and record the same accordingly in the same Manner and Form as the Damages and Recorrpences are herein before appointed to be affessed and adjudged for any Messuages, Mills, Weirs, Turnpikes, Locks, Cisterns, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or other Property, which shall in any ways be made use of, cut, destroyed, or damnified, in improving or extending the said Navigation as aforesaid.

XV. Provided always, That any Person or Persons sustaining such Damage as aforesaid, shall have 1 a Option to have the same enquired of and ascertained by a Jury in Manner aforesaid, or to appeal, in case such Offer as aforesaid shall be made, and he or they shall not rhink fit to accept the Sum or Sums of Money, or other Recompence so offered; or, in case no such Offer shall be made, to complain to the Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where the cause of Complaint shall arise, at their General or Quarter Sessions next after such Offer shall have been made; or, in case of no such Offer being made, at their General or Quarter Sessions next after ’the Expiration of the Time within which such Offer ought to have been made, the Person or Persons so appealing giving Security, to the Satisfaction of some Juirtce of the Peace of such County or Place, to prosecute fu. h Appeal with Lffcft, and to pay the Costs which shall be ascertained by the said General or Quarter Sessions, in case such Recompence or Satisfaction (o cifexed shall be thought sufficient by the said Juiliccs; and the Justices in the said General. or Quarter

bullions

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 5 3^5

Sessions are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine such Appeal or Complaint, and to make Order therein, and to award such Cods as to them shall appear just; which Order shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and shall not be removed or removeable by any Writ of Certiorari, or oilier wife, i;to any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere.

XVI. Provided also, That no Person or Persons whosoever shall be intitled to Satisfaction for any such Application to Damages as aforesaid, unless Application in respect thereof shall be made to the said Trustees, or their in

Clerk, within the Space of six Calendar Months after such Damages shall have been sustained. v 'irn*

XVII. Provided also, That in case the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, dull not (being \n Drfnult of thereunto required) satisfy and pay the Sum or Recompence for such Damage or Injury to be offered as SithfVhon, aforesaid, or which shall be so assessed and settled as aforesaid, within thirty Days after such Rcqurst made, I>Cf,jn* it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons aggrieved to appoint one or more Person or Persons to ^mA^,[.rcclvc receive the Rates and Duties to arise by virtue of this Act, and thereout to pay all such Damages so to nc be offered, assessed, and settled, as aforesaid; and the Money to be received by such Receiver or Receivers shall and is hereby declared to be as so much Money received to the Use of such Person or Persons receiving Damage or Injury as aforesaid; and after such Damages so settled and assessed as aforesaid shall be paid and satisfied, the Power and Authority of such Receiver or Receivers, for the Purposes last mentioned, shall cease and determine.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Verdict as aforesaid shall be given for of the a greater Sum thin shall have been offered by, or on Behalf of, the said Trustees, or any seven or more Jury, ho# 10 be of them, in Writing, signed by the Clerk of the said Trustees; or in case no such Offer shall have been PJ,d*

made before the summoning of any such Jury; that then, all the Expences of summoning and maintaining such Jury and the Witnesses, and of taking such Inquest, shall be paid by the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, out of the Monies to arise* or be paid by virtue of this Act: But if any such Verdict shall be given for no more or for a less Sum than shall have been so previously offered by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, then, and in every such Case, such Expences (to be settled by any two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for (he County wherein such Jury shall he returned) shall be defrayed by the Owners of, or the Persons interested in, the Messuages, Mills, Weirs,

Turnpikes, Locks, Citterns, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Property in question; and such Expences, so settled and ascertained, shall be deduced and taken out of the Monies so assessed and adjudged; and such Deduction shall be deemed and taken as Payment of so much thereof.

XIX. Provided always, That in case any Place or Places in question, for which a Satisfaction for Provision in case

Damages or Recompence is to be made by virtue of this Act, shall lie parrly in the County of Hertford, Pia«»nqurftu»* and partly in the County of Essex, such Satisfaction or Recompence shall be enquired of, and ascertained bounties ° by, a Jury or Justices of the County of Essex; and in case any such Place or Places shall lie partly in the n ie'

County of Middlesex, and partly in the County of EJJ'e*, the same shall be enquired of, and ascertained by, ajury or Justices of the County of Middlesex.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, artfl they Navigation or are hereby rcauired to cause the said River to be kept navigable and passable for Boats, Barges, Lighters, the River to be and other Vessels, in the present Channel or Course thereof, until the Works to be done and performed Preserved-

in pursuance of this Act shall be respectively done and performed; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trusteea may Trustees, or any five or more of them, to begin, and, from time to time, proceed in making such of the !^cc*dm th‘» Cuts or Canals, and such of the other Works which they are hereby authorised to do, for improving and of^as they extending the said Navigation, and at such Place and Places as they shall think proper for the more easy ftalitttnk p,0-effectuating the Purposes of this Act. per.

XXI. Provided always, That if the said Trustees shall omit by the Space of ten Years, to set out. New Cuti. after open, and make any of the said Cuts pr Canals, such Cuts or Canals shall never thereafter be'set out, a limited Time, opened, or made, without the previous Consent of the Owners and Persons interested' in any Messuages, corfent Weirs, Turnpikes, Locks, Citterns, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Property which the oi V^neri^c? said Trustees shall think necessary to purchase, pulldown, dettrov, cut, dig, alter, remove, or otherwise

make use of, for setting out, opening, or making such Cuts or Cana’s respectively.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Ground as shall be necessary for the Ntvlprlofifrom extending and improving the Navigation of the River Lee, from a Place called The Folly, at the said Town The Feiy toth* of Hertford, to the Flood-gates belonging to the Town Mill in the said Town of Hertford, shall be taken

on the South East Side of the said River; and no more Ground shall be taken for that Purpose than shall sLe" he River.* be sufficient to make the Navigation of the said River of the Width of eighteen Feet; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Tornp'ke nrar seven or more of them, and they are hereby directed and impowered, as soon as conveniently may be r.fter d

the passing of this Act, to remove the Turnpike crested above Stanjled Bridge, and ere ft another Turn- I. reeved, pike, or other Dcyice instead thereof, higher up the said River, and below the Mouth of Sum/hd Mill Streamy and also to erect a Lock or Pen of Water at or near Stanjled Weir nbovc the 'Fail Stream of St willed Mills; any Thing in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That the said Trustees, or any N< ti.Irg In *Ke of them, shall nor have any Power or Authority to remove, destroy, or intermeddle with a certain V/cir, Ai{ ro fvrrnl :o fittiate on the said River in the Parish of WalthamJhWy in the said County of Essex, commonly called or

known by the Name of France's Weir, without the Consent and Approbation of Sir William ^Li\nardl^[^\"Q^rm Laronct/ his Heirs *r Assigns, first had and obtained in Writing, under his or their Hand and Seal, or jVIjue

C. 51.

Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

Sluices may be made at France's Weir.

Satisfaction to be made to Sir

Jby altering the Course of the Navigation.

Hands and Seals, for that Purpose; but the same Weir shall at all Times from henceforth remain, continue* and be in the State and Condition the same is now in j any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the <?ai<f Trustees, or any seven or more of them, and they are hereby impowered and required to make Sluice/sor Flafli-boards at France's Weir, not less in Height than ten Inches at the least from the present Sill of the said Weir, for the supplying of Tottenham Mill with Water; which laid Sluices or Flafh-boards shall be under the Care and Management of the said Sir William Maynard, hrs Heirs and Assigns \ any Thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXVI. And whereas Sir William Maynard Baronet, is seized to him and his Heirs of and in a Weir or Turnpike called Hellyer's Ferry, situate in the Parish of Walthamstow, in the County of Essex, and of 4 a Wharf and Dwelling-house contiguous thereto, now used and enjoyed therewith as a Publick House:

And whereas by means of the said intended Navigation and the Alteration of the Course of the said River, the said Weir or Turnpike and Wharf will be rendered of little or no Value, and the Business of the said House will be greatly reduced :* In order therefore to make a Satisfaction to the said Sir IVHlionsr Maynard, and his Heirs, for the Damage he may sustain by reason of the said intended Navigation, and the Alteration of the Course of the said River, be it further enacted, That from the Time of the William toa making the said new Cut leading into and through the said Tail Stream of Tottenham Mill, or any Alte-nard foTtheLor? rat*on *n the Navigation of the said River in pursuance of this Act, whereby any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or-he will fufUin other Vessel shall be prevented or obstructed from passing or repassing to or from, or through, the said, Weir or Turnpike belonging to the said Sir William Maynard as aforesaid on the present Course or Navigation 5 or in case any Lock or Locks shall, by virtue of any of the Powers in this Act contained, be eroded on the present Course or Navigation of the said River between Bolton s Weir and the Extent of the Wharf now belonging to Hellyer's Ferry aforesaid on the South Side thereof; there shall, in either of the said cases, from thenceforth and for ever thereafter, be paid and allowed, and the Trustees appointed, oc. to be appointed, by or in pursuance of this Act, are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, to pay and allow unto the said Sir William Maynard, his Heirs and Assigns, out of the Rates and Duties by this Act granted and directed to be received and taken, the annual Rent or yearly Sum of forty-eight Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, at or on the twenty-fifth Day of December, twenty-fifth Day of March, twenty-fourth Day of June, and twenty-ninth Day of September, in every Year, by even and equal Portions, as a Satisladion or Compensation for any Loss or Damage which the said Sir William Maynard, his Heirs or Assigns, shall or may sustain in Manner before-mentioned $ the first Payment of the said annual Rent, or yearly Sum of forty-eight Pounds, to commence and be made on the first of the said Days which shall happen next after the said Boats, Barges, Lighters, or other Vessels, shall by the Ways and Means before-mentioned be prevented or obstructed from passing or repassing to, from, or through, the said Weir belonging to the said Sir William Maynard as aforesaid, or such Lock or Locks shall be erected as aforesaid: And in case of Refusal or Nonpayment of the said annual Rent or yearly Sum of forty-eight Pounds, or any Part thereof, for the Space of forty Days next after any of the Days before appointed for Payment thereof as aforesaid, the said Sir William Maynard, his Heirs and Assigns, shall and may have and take such and the same Powers and Remedies for receiving and recovering the said annual Rent or yearly Sum of forty-eight Pounds, or so much thereof as shall, from time to time, be in Arrear and unpaid, and all the Costs and Expences attending the Recovery thereof, as are in this Act provided for the Payment of any Money or Annuities that shall De granted and made payable by virtue of this Act; and such annual Rent or yearly Sum of forty-eight Pounds shall be paid (n Preference to, and have a Priority against, all other Annuities, Charges, Payments, or Sums of Money which shall hereafter be created and become payable to any Person or Persons advancing Money by way of Security upon the Rates and Duties by this Act: made payable, or on any Sum or Sums of Money vested in or made payable to the said Trustees by virtue hereof.

Trustees to build

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the Boats, Barges, Lighters, or other vnratfMiSir Vessels, shall, by the Ways and Means before mentioned, be prevented or obstructed from passing or rc,-i lam ay- passing to> from, or through, the said Weir or Turnpike belonging to the said S\t William Maynard mfort-said; the said Trustees dial], out of the first Monies which shall oe raised and received by them in pursuance of this Act, ered and build in a substantial and workman-like Manner a Wharf on the Essex Side of the said River, opposite to the Place where the Tail of Tottenham Mill Stream falls into the said River, of the same Dimensions with the Wharf now belonging to the said Sir William Alaynard at Hellyer's Ferry aforesaid; and shall and do cause to be removed the Warehouses and other Conveniences on the said Wharf at Hellyer's Ferry to such new Wharf so to be erected as aforesaid 5 and shall and do make a good Waggon Road from such new Wharf to the Yard of the Dwelling-house of the Tenant of the said Sir WtU Ham Maynard at Hellyer's Ferry aforesaid $ and from time to time, and at all Times thereafter, keep the same in good Condition and Repair.

XXVIII. And whereas there is aTurnpike or Lock upon the said River at or near Waltham Abbey, in the said County of Essex, now belonging to Sir William Wake Baronet, and Peter Flcycr Esquire, where they receive a Toll of five Shillings for every Boat or other Vessel coming down the said River, which said Turnpike or Lock, when the new-intended Cut or Canal is made from the said River above King j Weir

aforesaid to the West Tail Stream of the Powder Mills near Waltham Alley, will not be made use of for the Purpose of the said intended Navigation, and by means thereof the said Toll will no longerbe re- ccived at the said Turnpike or LockIn order therefore to make Compensation to the Owners of the

fiid

William May-Hard on the Ift’rx Side of tke River*

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51. 3S7

said Turnpike or Lock for the Loss they will sustain by making such new Cut or Canal; be it further enacted, That from and immediately after the making and perfecting the said Cut or Canal from above Saturation t« King's Weir to the West Tail Stream of the Powder Mills near Waltham Abbey as aforesaid, and so soon as Sir William^ the lame shall be made navigable, the said Turnpike and the Property thereof shall be veiled in, and the JY*kc and fame is herebyvested in, the Trustees appointed to put this present Act in Execution, and their Successors; 'received* by and the said Trustees and their Successors, or any seven or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to pay, or cause to be paid, unto the said Sir William Wake and Peter Floyer, their cclpective Heirs and Assigns, to and for such Uses, intents, and Purposes, as the said Turnpike or Lock now (lands limited, or to such Person or Persons as they shall authorise and appoint to receive the same, out of the several Rates and Duties to be collected and received in pursuance of this present Act, for every Ton of Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodities, which shall be carried or conveyed down the said River through the said Cut or Canal from above King's Weir to the Weft Tail Stream of the Powder Mills near Waltham Abbey as aforesaid, the Sum of one Penny per Ton, free from all Deductions whatsoever, by four even and equal quarterly Payments in the Year; (that is to say) on the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel, the Birth of our Lord Chriil, the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, and the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist; the first Payment to begin and be made on such of the said beads or Days of Payment as shall first and next happen after the said Cut or Canal from above Kings Weir to the said West Tail Stream of the said Powder Mills near Waltham Abbey shall be made navigable as aforesaid; and if the said Payments, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be behind and unpaid for the Space of twenty-one Days next after the same shall become due; then the said Sir William Wake and Peter Floyer, their Heirs and Af-signs, shall and may have and take such and the same Powers and Remedies for receiving and recovering the said Payments, and all Arrears thereof, and all Coils and Expences attending the Recovery thereof, as are in this Act provided for the Payment of any Shares or Annuities that shall be granted and made payable by virtue of this Adi\ and such Payments or Tonnage shall be made and paid in Preference to, and have a Priority against, all Annuities, Payments, Charges, or Sums of Money, which shall hereafter be created and become payable to any Person or Persons advancing Money by way of Security upon all Rates and Duties i>y this Act made payable,' or on any Sum or Sums of Money veiled in, or made payable to the said Trustees by virtue hereof.

XXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That from and after the making the Satisfaction said new Cut from above King's Weir to the West Tail Stream of the Powder Mills near Waltham Abbey made to sir aforesaid, the said Toll of one Penny per Ton hereby directed to be paid by the said Trustees to the said Wm. Wake mJ Sir William Wake and Peter Floyer, their Heirs and Assigns, shall be accepted and taken in lieu and Satis- JLctc,r F^y,c, TKfwc faction of the said Toll of five Shillings now paid to the said Sir William Wake and Peter Floyer, for every Satire-Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, passing through the said Turnpike or Lock called Waltham Turn- tion l0 thdr pike \ and also in lieu and Satisfaction of all Payments which the Tenant or Occupier of the Corn Mills at Tenant of the Waltham Abbey aforesaid, belonging to the said Sir William Wake and Peter Floyer, shall thereafter claim or Corn Mill* »t -demand for any Aid or Assistance by such Tenant or Occupier given from the said Mills to the passing of WIltlumAbbc,r, Boats, Barges, Lighters, and other Vessels, up or down the said River.

XXX. And, for the better ascertaining what Sum or Sums of Money shall, from time to time, be Power to Sir due and payable to the said Sir William Wake and Peter Floyer, their Heirs and Assigns, in Compensation Wm. w»ke and for the said Tolls as aforesaid; be it further enacted, That the said Sir William Wake and Peter Floyer, their Peter Floyer to Heirs and Assigns, or such Person or Persons as they, either, or any of them, shall for that Purpose appoint, ^auia0the, shall and may, at any Time or Times hereafter, have full and free Liberty and rower of inspecting, examining, Number of and taking Copies at their own Expence, of all such Books, Accounts, and Entries, as shall at any Time or B«m, and Too* Times thereafter be made, entered, or kept, at the Place nearest to King's Weir, where such Books, Accounts, n«ge ot Com* or Entries, shall be made, entered, or kept, by any Person or Persons appointed to receive any Rates or cirnc4 thcrcio* Duties to be collected and received in pursuance of this Act, or otherwise respecting the said Navigation, in order to see the Number of Boats, Barges, Lighters, and other Vessels, that shall pass through the said "Cut or Canal to be made from above King's Weir to the West Tail Stream of the said Powder Mills rear Waltham Abbey, and the Quantity or Tonnage of the Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodities, which shall be carried or conveyed therein.

XXXI. And whereas by means of the said Lock or Turnpike on the said River called Waltham Turnpike,

the Water of the said River is penned up to such an Height, that certain Corn Mills at Waltham Abbey, the Property of the said Sir William Waheznd Peter Floyer, and certain Gunpowder Mills there, the Property

of Thomas Walton, and Bourchier Walton^ Esquires, are supplied with Water from the said River; and also certain Grounds at Waltham Abbey aforesaid, the Property of the said Sir William IVakty and now in the Occupation of James Harwich ancf Mary Farran Widow, Callico Printers and Partners, are supplied with Water by Flaihes from the said Turnpike as often as the same is opened for the Passage of Barges or other Vessels up or down the said River; and certain Stages are built and made in the said Rtver adjoining to the said Callico Grounds for waftiing and cleaning the Linens therein: And whereas the said Turnpike will not be necessary, for the Purposes of Navigation, after the said new Cut from above King's li ar to the West Tail Stream of the Powder Mills near I la it ham Abbey aforesaid shall have been made and compleated; and in case the same is not, from time to time, kept up and supported, the said Corn Mills, Gun- powder Mills, and Callico Grounds, will not be supplied with Water as they have heretofore been: And whereas the said Thomas Walton and Bourchier Walton are Owners of a Fishery upon Part of the said River,

- 4 as well above as below the said Turnpike:’Be it therefore further enacted, That the said Trustees appoint- Directing that cd by this Act, and their Successors, or any seven or more of them, ilnll, from and immediately afeer the " hen tb said new Cut shall have been made and compleated from King's Weir aforesaid to the Welt Tail Strtam of ^Ali bc 1

e Cut

388 C. 51.

Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

from King's Weir to the West Tail Stream of the Powder Mills near Waltham Abbey, the Trvflees shall and Ca'lico Grounds, at Waltham with Water.

the Powder Mills near Waltham Abbey aforesaid, put the fold Turnpike in good and sufficient Repair, or ere^l and make Tome other Device in the Place and Stead thereof, which shall effectually answer the faire Purpose, for supplying the said Corn Mills and Gunpowder Mills with Water, as the said Turnpike novr doth; and shall, from time to time, keep such Turnpike or other Device of the same perpendicular Heighth as the present Turnpike now is, and not lower; and shall, from time to time, well and fuflkieatly maintain, support, and keep, the said Turnpike or other Device in good Repair, and eause the same to be properly looked after, attended to, and opened, in case of Floods, to prevent Damage to the Country ii^Rcralr Wai-P therefrom; which said Turnpike or other Device shall not, from and after the making of the said new Cut, tham Turnpike, opened, except in case of Floods, for the Purpose of better letting out of the same* and except for the and of sufficient Purpose of fishing the said River, which maybe done, from time to time, as the Owners of the Pifliery Ht*i?hthtofuP- there shall think fit, not exceeding four Times in any Year and also except for the Purpose of making Mii^ ihc Gun c‘rcu^ar H°le or Bore therein as herein after is directed; and in case the said Turnpike, or other De-PowderlMiil^n* v,ce to b® ma<^e in the Stead thereof, shall, at any time or times thereafter, be in want of Repair dr ~ 9 Amendment, the said Trustees, or their Successors, or any seven oPmore of them, shall, on Application

to be made to their Clerk for that Purpose, by a Notice in Writing from the said Sir William Wake, Peter Floyer, Thomas Walton, and Bourchier Walton, any or either of them, their or any or either of their Heir* or Assigns, to be given to the said Clerk, or left at his usual Place of Abode, eause the said Turnpike or other Device to be well and sufficiently repaired and amended within twenty-one Days next after such Application shall have been made as aforesaid; and in case the said Trustees, or their Successors* or any seven or more of them, shall not, within the Time aforesaid, eause the said Turnpike or other Device to be well and sufficiently repaired and amended, it shall and may be lawful to and for two Justices of the Peace of the said County of Essex, and they are hereby authorised and required to take a View of the said Turnpike or other Device, on Application to them for that Purpose, to be made by the said Sir Wiliam Wake* Peter floyer, Thomas Walton, and Bourchier Walton, any or either of them, their, or any or either of their Heirs or Assigns; and if, upon such View, the said Justices shall find the said Turnpike or other Device to be in want of Repair or Amendment, then the said Justices shall, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, certify what Repairs or Amendments are wanting to be made and done to the said Turnpike, or other Device which Certificate shall be delivered to the Clerk to the said Trustees, or left at his usual Place of Abode* and in case the said Trustees, or their Successors, or any seven or more of them, shall not* within twenty-one Days next after the said Certificate shall be delivered to, or left with, their said Clerk as aforesaid* eause the said Turnpike, or other Device, to be well and sufficiently repaired 5 then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Sir William Wake, Peter Floyer, Thomas Walton and Bourchier Walton, any or either of them, their or any or either of their Heirs or Assigns, and they are hereby authorised to eause such Reparations and Amendments to be made to the said Turnpike, or other Device, as shall be mentioned in the said Certificate: And the said Trustees or their Successors, or any seven or more of them, shall pay, or eause to be paid, to the Person or Persons at whose Expence the said Repairs and Amendments shall have been made, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences, as he or they shall have paid, expended, and been put to, on that Occasion; such Costs, Charges, and Expences, to be liquidated by such two Justices as aforesaid, if any Dispute shall arise touching the same: And in case of Nonpayment thereof for the Space of ten Days next after Demand for that Purpose made on the Collector of the Rates and Duties hereby directed to be paid and collected at the Lock which shall be nearest to the Kings Weir aforesaid; it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person and Persons at whose Expence such Repairs and Amendments shall have been made as aforesaid, to receive all and every the Rates and Duties hereby directed to be collected and paid at the said Lock, until he and they shall have reimbursed himself and themselves all such Costs, Charges, and Expences, as he or they shall have been put to in making such Repairs and Amendments as aforesaid: And the said Trustees and their Successors, or any seven or more of them, shall eause the said Turnpike, or other Device, to be well and sufficiently looked after and attended for the Purposes herein before and herein after mentioned: And in case the Person who (half be appointed for that Purpose shall not look after and attend the same in a proper Manner; then, and in such Case, after. due Information given thereof, and the particular causes of Complaint specified in Writing, subscribed by the said Sir William Wake, Peter Flayer, Thomas Walton, and Bourchier Walton, any or either of them, their or any of their Heirs and Assigns, and delivered to the Clerk to the said Trustees, or left at his usual Place of Abode, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Sir William Wake, Peter Floyer, Thomas Walton, and Bourchier Walton, any or either of them, their or any or either of their Heirs or Assigns, to eause the said Turnpike, or other Device, to be well and sufficiently looked after, and attended by some Person or Persons to be by them, any or either of them, appointed for that Purpose: And the said Trustees or their Suc-ccffiors, or any seven or more of them, shall pay to the said Sir William Wake, Peter Floyer, Thomas Walton, and Bourchier Walton, their Heirs or Assigns, such Sum or Sums as they, any or either of them, shall pay to any Person or Persons for looking after and attending the said Turnpike, or other Device: And in calc any Difference shall arise between the said Trustees and the said Sir William Wake, Peter Floyer, Thoms Walton, and Bourchier Walton, their Heirs or Assigns, touching the Amount or Reaionableness of the Sum or Sums so paid f ir looking after and attending the said Turnpike, or other Device, the same shall be settled by two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Essex, whose Determination therein shall be final.

XXXII. And, for the providing a constant and regular Draught or Current of Water down the said A Bore to be ^lver ^rom the f^d Turnpike, or other Device to be erected in the Stead thereof, for the carrying on the

mule'in WaU Trade and Business at the said Callico Grounds; be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or their tham Turnpike Successors, or any seven or more of them, shall, immediately after the said new Cut shall have been made

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51. 389

from Kings Weir aforesaid to the West Tail Stream of the said Powder Mills near Waltham Abbey afore* f>r pmvtvnr * /Lid, cause to be cut and made in the said Turnpike, or other Device to be erected in the Stead thereof, a vf a^Vdov

circular Hole or Bore of six Inches Diameter, for a constant Passage of Water through the same, and to to'*

fix thereupon a Brass or Copper Plate, not exceeding one Quarter of an Inch in Thickness, with the like th* Ci.iico circular Hole or Bore therein, the Center of which circular Hole or Bore Hull he cut and made two Feet Grounds »c below the Top or Gauge Height of the said Turnpike, or other Device to be created in the Stead thereof *, Waltham, and shall, from time to time, continue, maintain, and keep, such circular Hole or Bore in the said Turnpike, or other Device for the Purpose aforesaid: And in case the said Trustees, or their Successors, or ai.v seven or more of them, shall neglect or refuse to have such circular Hole or Bore cut and made in the saul Turnpike or other Device, or such Brass or Copper Plate fixed thereupon as aforesaid, within two Days next after the said new Cut shall have been made from King's JVeir aforesaid to the Weft Tail Stream of the Powder Mills near Waltham Abbey aforesaid, or shall, at any Time thereafter, neglect or refuse to continue the same therein, then, and in either of the said cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Sir William If ale, his Heirs or Assigns, and he and they is and are hereby authorised to cut and make in the said Turnpike, or other Device, such circular Hole or Bore, and to fix thereupon such Brass or Copper-Plate as aforesaid, and from time to time to continue the same; and the said Trustees, or their Suc-

celf ms, or any seven or more of them, shall, on Notice to be for that Purpose given to their Clerk in

Writing, pay dr cause to be paid to the said Sir William JVake, his Heirs or Assigns, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences, as he or they shall have been put unto in making such circular Hole or Bore, and fixing ., such Brass or Copper Plate thereon as aforesaid: And in case any Difference shall arise between the said Trustees and the said Sir William JVake, his Heirs or Assigns, touching the Amount or Reasonable-ness of the Sum or Sums of Money so paid as aforesaid, the Quantum thereof shall be settled and ad-iufted by two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Ej/ex, whose Determination therein shall-’* be final.

XXXIII. And, for the further and better supplying the said James Barwick and Mary Far ran, and Sir William' alt succeeding Tenants of the said Callico Grounds, with Water for washing the Linens in the said River in Wake, ;.nJ hr* the same Manner as is now done, and for strengthening the Current of Water there; be it further enacted, Ten*n"»

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Sir William JVakey his Heirs and Assigns, and his and cumnt of^he their Tenants of the said Callico Grounds, and he and they is and are hereby authorised to contract the River oppoGie present Current of the said River opposite the said Grounds to the Width of nine Feet clear Water Way; the Callico and for that Purpose to drive and fix in the said River Planks or Pieces of Timber, in order to form a Bar- Grounds tier therein; provided such Barrier shall not be raised more than four Inches above the Surface of the 4,th4U>r" Water in dry Seasons, to the End the Water may at all other Seasons run over the said Barrier; and from time to time to continue, keep up, and maintain, such Barrier, in Manner and for the Purpose aforesaid.

XXXIV. And whereas it appears by a Survey of the Mill Stream belonging to the said Corn Mills at - Waltham Abbey aforesaid, made under the Direction of the said Trustees, that a much greater Quantity -

of Water will pass down the said Mill Scream when the said new Cutfrom above King's JVeir aforesaid to

the Weft Tail Stream of the Powder Mills near Waltham Abbey aforesaid shall have reen made than now

does;- be it further enacted, That from and immediately after the said new Cut shall have been made Callico

and compleated, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Tenants and Occupiers of the said Grounds, '?alt|,ara V. now in the Occupation of the said James Barwick and Mary Farrany and all succeeding Tenants of the w*tcrPrromWKh said Grounds, and they are hereby authorised, from time to time, to take a sufficient Quantity of Water Walthwn Abbey out of the said Mill Stream, for fi ling the Cuts or Canals made, and to be made, in the said Callico Corn Min Grounds, or any other Grounds adjoining thereunto, now belonging to the said Sir William JVake; and Stro*n* for that Purpose, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Sir JJriUiam JVahey his Heirs, Tenants, or Assigns, or his or their Workmen, and they are hereby authorised to drive and fix in the said Mill Stream a Pile, and to cut and make in the said Pile a circular Hole or Bore not exceeding two Inches and five-sixteenth Parts of an Inch Diameter, for the constant Passage of Water out of the said Mill Stream into the said Guts or Canals made, or to be made, in the said Callico Grounds, or any other Grounds adjoining thereunto, now belonging to the said Sir William JVake; and to place and fix upon the said Pile a Brass or Copper Plate not exceeding one Quarter of an Inch in Thickness, with such circular Hole or Bore therein as aforesaid, the Center of which said circular Hole or Bore shall be placed two Feet below the common and ordinary Mark ot full a Head at the said Mill, and, from time to time, to continue the same in the Manner and for the Purpose aforesaid; and the Tenant or Occupier of the said Corn Mills at Waltham Abbey aforesaid, shall not at any Time or Times thereafter wilfully do any Act, Matter or Thing, to prevent a full and free Passage of Water out of the said Mill Stream through the said circular Hole or Hore into the said Cuts or Canals made, or to be made, in the said Callico Grounds, or any other

Grounds adjoining -.hereunto, now belonging to the said' Sir William JVake.

XXXV. And whereas the Mill Stream from the Tail of the said Gunpowder Mills belonging to the said Thomas and Bourchier JValtcn is navigable to the present Channel of the said River Lee, which Chan-

nel from the End of the said Mill Stream to the Place where the said new Cut to be made from King's c JVeir will communicate with the said River Lee, near the said Weft Mill Stream, will be disused for common Navigation after the said new Cut is made, but it is necessary that the same should be preserved in a

navigable State for the Benefit of the said Mills;* be it therefore further enacted, That nothing herein n to

contained shall enable the said Trustees for the said Navigation to do any Act, Matter, or Thing whatso- Mcti. w*Uon9 ever, whereby the Navigation of the said River Lee, in its present Course or Channel from the said Mill Gunpowder St. am to the Common Channel of the said River where the said new Navigation shall be carried on, shall }'j9 l^e

39°

Owners of Gun-powder Mills

not to supply Water.

'No Alteration to be made in Bromlejr Lock.

Saving of the Rights of the Proprietors of Weftham Water-works.

To prevent the Water of the River from being diverted or mif-spent to the Prejudice of WefthamWater-yvorks.

C. 51. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

or may be destroyed or Injured; but that on the contrary the said Trustees shall and will cleanse, preserve; and maintain, the same in a proper and effectual Manner, that there may always be as good a Navigition to and from the said Mills as there now is.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to oblige the Owners, Lessees, Tenants, or Occupiers, of the Gunpowder Mills at Waltham Holy Cross, in the County of Essex, to draw up or open, or (hut or put down, any Clough or Cloughs of their Sluices for the Purpose of doing or executing any of the Works in pursuance of this Act.

XXXVII. And whereas Richard Lockwood Esquire is Owner of certain Mills upon the said River Lee,

known by the Name of the Four Mills, at Bromley ;* be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, or be construed to authorise or impower the said Trustees, or any of them, to make any Alteration in the Lock called Bromley Lock, the Dams, Cuts, or Water Streams, leading to the said four Mills; or anyways to defeat, prejudice, or affect, the Right or Property of the said Richard Lockwood, his Heirs or Assigns, therein, without the previous Consent of the said Richard Lockwood, his Heirs or Assigns.

XXXVIII. And whereas George Byrd Esquire, and several other Persons, are Proprietors of certain Water-works called The Westham 1Tater- works, in the County of Essex, for raising Water for the Supply of the Inhabitants of Stratford, Westham, Bow, Bromley, Mile End, Stepney, and other adjacent Places, with good and wholesome Water; which said Water-works are situate upon a Branch or Cut from the Rivipr Lee, and are supplied from the said River with Water; and the said Proprietors have been at very great Expences in the Erection and maintaining thereof: And in order to extend and render more useful the said Undertaking by having their Property secured to them, the said Proprietors obtained an Act in the twenty-first Year of his late Majesty, whereby they were authorised to make and maintain Works, Cuts, Dams, Devices, and Buildings, for conducting or conveying Water to the said several Parishes and Places for the Purposes aforesaid; and since passing of the said Act they have been at further great Expences, and have also erected on the said Stream or Cut a new Water-mill and Engine for railing Wa- ter, the better to supply the Inhabitants of the aforesaid Towns and Parishes, and also Bethnal Green, Shadwell, Cockbill, Ratcliffe, and other Places adjacent; which Expences in different Purchases, Leases, Erections, and Works, for Supplying the said Inhabitants with Water, have amounted to upwards of forty thousand Pounds;* be it therefore further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to defeat, prejudice, or affect, the Right of the said Proprietors to the said Works, or the Water-cuts and Dams so made by them for the Purposes aforesaid, and the Stream running to the same; but that it shall and may be lawful for the said Proprietors of the said Water-works for the time being, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, Assigns, and Successors, to have, hold, take, and enjoy, the said Works, Cuts, and Dams, now made by them, and also the Water and Stream coming from the said River Lee for the working the same, and supplying the said Inhabitants or others with Water, and all the Rights, Privileges, Benefits, and Advantages, belonging thereto, in as full and ample Manner as they the said Proprietors now possess and enjoy the lame; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Trustees, their Successors or Assigns, shall, by virtue of the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted, take or divert any Water out of the River Lee, or out of the Cut or Canal belonging to the said Water-works, to the Prejudice or Injury thereof; then, and in such Case, the said Trustees, their Successors or Assigns, shall, from time to time, make to the Proprie o s of the said Water-works for the time being full Satisfaction for the Injury, Loss, and Damage, which shall, from time to time, be sustained by the Proprietors of the said Works, by reason of such Water being taken or diverted from the said Water-works; such Damages to be, from time to time, settled and ascertained, recovered and levied, when unpaid, in such Manner, and with the like Powers, Authorities, and Remedies, in all Respects, as any other Damages, which shall be sustained by the Exercise of any of the Powers of this Act, are herein directed to be settled, ascertained, recovered, and levied: And in case the Matter or Owner of any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel navigating upon the said intended Cut or Canal, between Lee Bridge and Hackney Brook, or Navigation, or other Person or Persons whatso ever shall wantonly, or through Carelessness or Negligence, break, throw down, damage, or destroy, any Banks or other Works erected, or to be erected or made for the Purposes of the said Navigation; or shall wantonly, and without Occasion, or in a careless or negligent Manner, open, or cause to be opened, or left open, any Lock belonging to the said Navigation, Cut, or Canal, or leave any of the Locks open and running for any longer Time than is necessary for the Passage of any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel; or if any Person or Persons shall draw, or cause to be drawn, any of the Locks, Gates, Sluices, or Hatches, which shall be made on the said Cut or Canal between Lee Bridge and Hackney Brook, so as to mif-spend and waste, or shall by any Means wilfully mif-spend or wrafte the Water of the River Lee, or do any other Act to the Prejudice of the said Water- works $ every such Person or Persons, so offending in any of the said Particulars, and being thereof convicted before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Essex or Middlesex, by or upon the Oath of one or more Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby respectively impowered and required to administer) shall forfeit and pay. for every such Offence, a Sum not exceeding five Pounds; and in Default of Payment thereof, the Person or Persons so offending shall, by Warrant or Warrants of such Justice or Justices, be committed to the House oc Correction for the said Counties respectively; there to be kept to hard Labour, for any Time such Justice or Justices shall direct, not exceeding two Months, or until Payment of the said Forfeiture: But in case the Lamge lo done as aforesaid shall exceed the Sum of five Pounds, then it shall and may

be

e

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51. 391

be lawful for the said Proprietors of the said Water-works, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, Assigns, and Successors, to sue for and recover such Forfeiture, with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint; or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record; wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XL. And whereas, in case the Water of the said Cut or Canal shall, by any of the Ways or Means aforesaid, or otherwise, be diverted or permitted to run to Waite for any Length of Time, great Injury and Damage may ensue to the said Water-works, and the Persons who are to be supplied with Water r therefrom, be it therefore further enacted, That when and as often as the Water shall be diverted, or The Proprietor* run to Waite by the Means aforesaid, or otherwise, to the Prejudice of the said Water-works (in case the^Wcnba71 said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall not, within twenty-four Hours after Notice of such Waste^y" shall be given, or left in Writing, to the Surveyor or Keeper of any of the Locks upon the said Cut or of the River Canal, or be left for him at his usual Place of Abode, effectually flop the Water from running to Waite as shall be diverted aforesaid ;) it shall and may be lawful for the Proprietors of the said Water-works, or any of them, their 0T run ro Waf,e) Heirs, Executors, Administrators, Assigns, or Successors, or any of them, or for their Surveyor or Sur-Locks^n" to veyors, and Workmen, and they are hereby impowered, to go upon the said Cut or Canal, and Ground, entc/ujiin the belonging to the said Navigation; and, by such Ways and Means as they shall deem fit and necessary, (top Cuts tu npair up, put down, and shut down, the Lock or Locks, Gates or Hatches, so left open, and mend or repair any Rrfachci. Breaches, or otherwise prevent a further Waste of Water from the said Cut or Canal; and the said Truf-tecs, or any five or more of them, shall, in such Case, pay to the said Proprietors, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, Assigns, or Successors, all such reasonable Costs, Charges, and Expences, as they shall reasonably deserve to have for the same, over and besides the Penalty herein before-mentioned; such Costs, Charges, and Expences, to be settled by any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Counties of Essex and Middlesex respectively: And in case of Nonpayment for the Space of four Days '

after Demand made on their Agent or Agents, such Expences shall and may be recovered and levied, in such Manner as is in this Act provided for the Payment of any Shares or Annuities that shall or may be granted and made payable by virtue thereof; any Thing in this Act to the contrary thereof rot with flan ding.

XLI. And whereas Francis John Tyjf'n Esquire is intitled to an ancient Water Corn Mill near Lee Bridge, which with other Works are now employed in raising Water for the Supply of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Hockney, and other Places adjacent, with good and wh -lcfome Water; which said Mill and Water-works aie situate upon a Branch or Cut from the said River Lee, and supplied with Water there- from by means of a Weir or Lock lately creeled by Abraham Ogier and others, Leflecs under the said Francis John Tyjfen, at a very considerable Expence; which Lock or Weir hath been found by Experience to be of very great Service and Advantage to the Navigation of the said River Lee \ and it is neces- fary that the same InoulJ be kept up and continued for the Benefit of the new Cut or Canal intended to be made between Lee Bridge and the Mouth of the Stream supplying the said Mill and Water-works/ be it therefore enacted, That the intended Navigation shall be carried through the said Mill Stream, and Cut to W the said New Cut or Canal shall begin on the West Side of the said Mill, but not nearer than ten Yards Bridget*" 1 from the Buildings belonging thereto; nor shall any Lock or Device be placed so as to obllrudi or divert the Min wiicU the Stream belonging to the said Mill. implies Hack-

ney Water-works with Water, shall be made on the West Side of the said Mill, b at not within ten Yard* thi reoi. '

XLII. And, to the Intent that both the said Mill and Water-works, and also the said new intended Cut The Head of or Canal, may be constantly supplied with a sufficient Quantity of Water, be it further enacted, That the ^Vater> which said last mentioned Lock shall not at any Time be drawn or opened for the Purposes of the said Naviga- w^ter-tion, nor by the Proprietors of the said Mill and Water-works, or their Assigns, Servants, or Agents, so as "c0yrlcB> ibali not to reduce the Head of Water belonging to the said Mill and Water-works more than six Inches below the be irawn lower usual Gauge Mark, or Height of a full Head; the same to be ascertained by a Stone or Poll to be set up than f inchc* by the said Trustees for that Purpose: And that the said Trustees shall cause a Bridge to be creeled and £f,ow the maintained over the said Mill Stream, at or near the Place where the present Bridge now Hands, sufficient

for the Passage of Horses, Waggons, Carts and Carriages, from the Turnpike Road over Lee Bridge to the said Mill and Water-works.

XLIII. And whereas the Governor and Company of the New River are intitled to the Payment of one Shilling for every Boat, Barge, or Craft, patting through the Lock or Ciflcrn mentioned in the said recited Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty to be near Ware Mills, by Owners or Occupiers of every such Boat, Barge, or Craft, and are also seised of a Weir and Weir-houk or l ishing- house near the Town of I Fare? be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of thus Act, the Scission t» said Governor and Company of the New River shall not demand, have, receive, or t. ke, any 'Foil, Rate, ie made ihc or Duty whatsoever, of or from the Owners or Occupiers of any Boat, Barge, or other Craft, passing through the said Lock or Cittern; and also thjt the said Weir and Weir-houl'e or Fishing house, but not the said Lock or Ciflern, shall from thenceforth bevelled in, and the same are hereby veiled in, the Truf- 1J t? tn for the tees appointed by this Act and their Successors forever, for the Purposes of the said Navigation; and in knifing of Consideration and Sat is fatSt ion thereof, the said Trustees and their Successors, or any seven or more of tai.ock near them, are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, to pay and allow unto the said Governor and jr5 Company of the New River, our of the Rates, Duties, sr.d Sums of Money, to be raised or paid by vir- \yf^hous« tue of this Act, the Sum of one Shilling for every Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Craft, which shall at any ["i.ryhg 10° Time after the passing of this Act pass through the said Lock or Cillern, by four even or equal quarterly them! Payments in the Year; (ihat is to say! on the Fraft of Saint Michael the Archangel, the Birth of our Lord Child, the Annunciation of the Blciixd Virgin Mary, and the Nativity of Saint Jcbn the Baptist; the first

P*you*rt

392 C. 51.

Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

payment to begin and be made on such of the said Feasts or Days of Payment as shall first and next happen after the paflfrig of this Act; and also that the said Trustees and their Successors, or any seven or more of them, are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, further to pay and allow unto the said Governor and Company of the said New River y out of the Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money, toberaised or paid by virtue of this Act, the annual Rent or yearly Sum of forty rounds, free and dear of and from all and all Manner of Taxes and Deductions parliamentary or otherwise howsoever, at or on the said four Feastsin every Year, by even and equal Portions; the first Payment of the said annual Rent of forty Pounds to begin and be made on such of the said Feasts or Days of Payment as shall first and next happen after the passing of this Act: And in case the said several and respective Payments, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall he behind and unpaid by the Space of forty Days next after the same shall become due; that then the said Governor and Company of the New River shall and may have and take such and the same Remedies and Powers for recovering and receiving the said respective Payments, and all Arrears thereof, as are in this Act provided for the Payment of any Shares or Annuities that shall be granted or made payable by virtue of this Act; and such Payments shall be made in Preference to, and have a Priority against, all other Annuities, Charges, Payments, or Sums of Money, which shall hereafter be created and become payable to any Person or Persons advancing Money by way of Security upon the Rates and Duties by this Act made payable, or on any Sum or Sums of Money vested in or made payable to the said Trustees by virtue hereof.

Nothing la this

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or Act to prejudice be deemed or construed to extend, to defeat, injure, or in any Manner to alter, prejudice, or affect, the the Rights and Rights, Interests, or Property, of the said Governor and Company of the New River, of, in, or to, cer-New R^vcr *am Mills, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Ware and Great Amwelly in the County of Hert-. Company. fofdy vested in them by a certain private Act of Parliament passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, foitituled, An Act for vesting certain Mills, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the rarishes of Ware and threat Amwell, in the County of Hertford (being Part of the Estate of Thomas Plumer Byde Esquire, an Infant, and comprised in the Grandfather's Marriage Settlement)

.4 in the Governor and Company of the New River brought from Chadwell and Amwell to London, and for securing a perpetual Rent-charge in lieu thereof, for the Benefit oPthe Persons claiming under the said Settlement/ or to give any Power to the said Trustees by any Means to diminish, divert, prejudice, or alter, the Supply or Course of the Water of or belonging to the Works of the said Governor and Company, or to pen up the Water between the Weir and the Mill-tail, so as in any Measure to prejudice or obstruct the working of the said Mills; or to defeat, injure, or in any Manner to alter, prejudice, or aft'ed, the Rights, Interests, or Property, of the said Governor and Company, of, in, or to, any Estates, Powers, Advantages, Privileges, Tolls, Duties, Benefits, or Emoluments whatsoever, vested in them the said Governor and Company in and by the first abcfve-mentioned Act of the twelfth Year of his said late Ma-j<*fty; save and except in respect of the said Toll or Payment of one Shilling for every Barge, Boat, or Craft, passing through the said Lock or Ciftem, and in respect of the said Weir or Fishing-house herein before-mentioned.

'Forgetting

XLV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Weirs called Sotheby's. Newman’s Wdr Upper Weir, other wi fe Newmans Weir and Parkinsons Weir, upon the River Lee, shall be vested in the *nd Paricinfon’s said Trustees; and that the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall pav the annual Sum of Weir in the nineteen Pounds five Shillings, clear of all Taxes and Dedu6tions whatsoever, imposed, or to be imposed, ibrmak'm*Sa- Authority of Parliament, or otherwise howsoever, to the Occupier of the said Weir on the said

tisfatf ion to the River Lee, called Sothebfs or Nevjman's Weiry his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, during the Re-Owners and fidue of his present subsisting Lease thereof; and from and after the Determination thereof, to the Owner Lettees tnercof or Owners of the said Weir for the time being; and also shall pay, or cause to be paid, the annual Sum of jfor the same. sixteen Pounds fifteen Shillings, free and clear from all Taxes and Dedu6lions as aforesaid, to the Occupier of the said Weir called Parkinsons Weiry during the Residue of his present subsisting Lease thereof; and from and after the Determination of such Lease, to the Owner or Owners of the said Weir for the time being, by half-yearly Payments and equal Portions at Lady-day and Michaelmas yearly for ever; the first Payment thereof to commence at such of the said Days as mall happen immediately after the passing of this Act; which said annual Sums shall be in full Satisfaction and Compensation for the several Tolls or Sums of Money usually paid for the Passage of Barges and Boats through the said Weirs, and shall be charge and chargeable upon, and be payable and paid by and out of the Tolls made payable by this Act, or any Money which shall be raised by the Authority thereof: And in case the said several Sums of nineteen Pounds five Shillings, or sixteen Pounds fifteen Shillings, or any of them, or any Part thereof, shall be behind and unpaid by the Space of forty Days after the same shall so become respectively due as aforesaid, being demanded of the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Trustees for the time being; that then, and in such Case, and so often as the said annual Sums, or any of them, shall be so respectively in Arrear as aforesaid, then the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of the said Weirs, their Heirs and Artigns, shall and may have and take such and the same Powers and Remedies for receiving and recovering the said Payments, and all Arrears thereof, and all Coils and Expences attending the Recovery thereof, as are in this Act provided for the Payment of any Shares or Annuities that shall be granted or made payable by virtue of this Act.

XLVI. And whereas for Time immemorial there hath been a Navigation to certain Mills called Seivardston Mills, situate, lying, and being, in the Parish of Waltham Holy Crofsy in the County of 4 E/Jcx: And whereas there is at present no Road or Access to the said Mills, for the carrying of Goods,

but by the said Navigation; And whereas by the new Cut or Canal intended to be made Dy virtue of

A.D. 1767.

Anno septimo Georgii III.

C. St. 393

this Act, the said Navigation to the said Mills, unless Provision be by this Act made fof preserving the

feme, will be loft, and the said Mills thereby rendered of little or no Value:' Be it therefore further

enacted, That the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, are hereby authorised, impowered, and th*c

required, to pay, or cause to be paid, out of the Rates and Duties by this Act granted and directed to be owners of Sew-received and taken, to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of the said Mills, an annual Sum ardfton Mills for of forty-five Pounds; which said annual Sum of forty-five Pounds shall be in full Satisfaction and Com- the Navigation pensation for the Navigation to the said Milk; and all Payments heretofore made to the Owner or Owners, to the Occupier or Occupiers, of the said Mills; and the said annual Sum of forty-five Pounds shall be paid by p" ^nts h°J^r half-yearly Payments and equal Portions at Lady-day and Michaelmas yearly for ever; the first Payment to tofore made to" be made at such of the said Days as shall happen after the new-intended navigable Cut or Canal herein the Owner* of before mentioned, leading from above Sotheb/t Upper Weir, otherwise called Newman's Weir, on the weft the said Milk, Side thereof, into and through the Tail Stream of Tottenham Mill, shall be perfected and rendered fit to be navigated upon; and in case or Refufel or Nonpayment of the said annual Rent of forty-five Pounds, or any Part

thereof, for the Space of forty Days next after any of the Days before appointed for the Payment thereof as aforesaid, the said Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of the said Mills, his, her, or their Heirs, Exe- ' cutors, Administrators, or Assigns, mall and may have and take such and the same Powers and Remedies for receiving and recovering the said annual Rent of forty-five Pounds, orfo much thereof as shall, from time to time, be in Arrear and unpaid, and all the Costs and Expences attending the Recovery thereof, as are in this Act provided for the Payment of any Money or Annuities that shall be granted and made payable by virtue of this Act; and that the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, mall, and they are hereby required to make and conduct the new intended Cut or Canal at or near a certain Look called Enfield Lock, in the County of Middlesex, within twenty Yards of the said River Lee, between Sotheby's Upper Weir, otherwise Newmans Weir, zni Enfield Lock, so that Goods landed upon a Wharf to be made and erected on the east Side of the said intended new Cut or Canal may be conveniently reladen at a Wharf to be made on the weft Side of the said River Lee; and that the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them,

shall, at their own Costs and Charges, make and erect, and for ever thereafter keep in Repair* one such convenient Wharf of the Length of ten Feet on the east Side of the said new intended Cut or Canal, and one other such convenient Wharf of the same Length, opposite to the foregoing, and within twenty Yards thereof, on the weft Side of the said River Lee; and shall likewise, at their own Costs and Charges, inclose a Piece of Ground between the said two Wharfs of twenty-five Feet broad and forty Feet long, with Pales or Boards ten Feet high, with a convenient Door or Aperture towards each of the said Wharfs, for the Reception and Preservation of Goods that may be landed on either of them; and shall for ever keep the said inclosure in Repair; and that the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of the said Milk shall have full Power and Authority, at the Expence of such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers,

K> cleanse and cut the Banks of the River leading to the said Mills, commonly called The Mill River, as they shall think fit, convenient, and necessary, for making a Navigation from the said Wharf, on the east Side of the River'Ll, to the said Mills 5 so as in deanfing and cutting the said Mill River, the said Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of the said Mills do not enlarge the Mouth of the said Mill River; and likewise to remove all Obstructions to the said Navigation, and t# alter any Bridge or Bridges that is or are now erected or built over the said River called The Mill River, so that such Bridge or Bridges may admit Boats and Barges, to be made use of on the said Navigation from the said Wharf on the River Lee near to the said Mill, conveniently to pass under the same; and to make a convenient Towing or Haling Path on one Side of the said Navigation, to be made use of for the Purposes of the same: And if any Person or Persons shall sustain any Damage by or by means of any such cleansing or cutting the said Mill River, or by removing any Obstructions on the same, or by altering any Bridge or Bridges, or by making such Haling or Towing Path, such Damage shall be demanded, tendered, ascertained, recovered, and paid of and by the said Owner or Occupier, or Owners or Occupiers, of the said Mills, in the very same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as Damages are by this Act to be demanded, tendered, ascertained, recovered, and paid, by and to Persons injured by making the said new intended Cut or Canal, or in consequence or by means thereof.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the said herein before mentioned yearly and annual Sums of Sal>‘fjflian nineteen Pounds five Shillings, sixteen Pounds fifteen Shillings, and forty-five Pounds, herein before £5 msdc to the ^irested respectively to be paid to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of Sotheby's Upper Weir, otherwise called Newman's Weir, Parkinson's Weir, and Seward/hn Mills, shall be paid in Preference to, Pa.kirxWs’ and have a Priority against, all other Annuities, Payments, Charges, or Sums of Money which shall Weir, and Scw-hereafter be created and become payable to any Person or Persons advancing Money by Way of Security *rdllon upon the Rates, Duties, or Tolls, by this Act made payable, or on any Sum or Sums of Money vested in, have* orcfer*. or made payable to, the said Trustees by virtue hereof.

Payments.

XLVIII. And, in order that a constant Supply of Water may be provided and preserved for the Use of a Stop to be 'Seward/lon Mills; be it further enacted, That with all convenient Speed, after the said Cut or Canal from above Newman's Weir into Effield Mill Stream shall be made, the said Trustees shall, at their own Costs and Charges, cause to be erected, to the Southward of and within one hundred Yards from the.

Head of the Stream leading to Scward/lon Mills, a sufficient Stop or Erection cross the said River Lee\ and, at all Times afterwards, maintain, preserve, and repair, the same; and in case the said Trustees shall at any Time neglect or omit so to do, the Owner or Owners, or Occupier or Occupiers, of the said Mills, shall recover and receive Damages for such Omission or Neglect, in the same Manner as other Persons g reiving Damages, by or by means of the said new intended Cut qx Canal, may recover their Damages.

394 C. 5r. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

H-ightof ihc

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Banks on each Side of the said new Cut to be made from B^iks to »hc above Sotheby's Upper IVeiry other wise called Newman*s JVeh\ into Enfield Mill Stream, shall be made and man’s°Wcirto ma, ntainc^ of the Height of four Inches at lead above the present Level of the Bank of the said River Lee, Enfield Min, from whence the said Cut is intended to be made.

and Cut East-, L. And be it further enacted, That the Banks on each Side of the said new Cut to be made to the w«rd of Enfield Eastward of Enfield Mills, above the Lock to be erected in the said Cut, shall be made and maintained of Wills to be four the Height of lour Inches at least above the present Level of the Bank of the said Mill Stream, from Inches above the whence the said Cut is intended to be made.

Banks ol ihe s

Will Stream; ,

subject toihe

LI. Provided always nevertheless, That the said new Cut to be made above Sotheby's Upper Weir, Other-Regulations wife called Aew man's Weir, into Enfield Mill Stream, and along such Stream so far as the said Navigation is here set down. to pass through the same; and the said Cut to be made to the Eastward of Enfield Mills, shall be made* done, secured, and maintained, in such Manner as that the Quantity of Water flowing to the said Mills, called Enfield Mills, shall not be lessened or lowered further than shall be necessary for the Passage of Barges, Boats, or other Vessels, through the said Lock, or the free Passage of the Water be stopped or obstructed in its Course to the Head of the said Mills; and so as that the Water in the said Mill Stream, below the said Mills, shall not be raised above its ancient and usual Height j and so as neither to deepen or obstruct the Passage through the Ford below the said Mills, or to hinder the working of the said Mills; and so as not to obstruct the Navigation to the said Mills, and all the Wharfs and Lands belonging to the; Owner thereof.

A Lock to be

LII. And be it further enacted, That in some convenient Place of the said new Cut to be made from made in the Cut above Sotheby's Upper Weiry otherwise called Newman's Weiry into Enfield Mill Stream, the said Trustees, from Newman’* shall cause to be ere£led and built a proper Lock or Cistern convenient for the Passage of such Barges* S mST ®oats> anc* ot^er Vessels as aforesaid, the Gates of which said Lock shall be made of the Height of four Sueam and an- Inches above the present’ Level of the Bank of the said River Lce> from whence the said new Cut shall other to be made begin to be made; and in some convenient Place of the said new Cut to be made to the Eastward of Enjieli, in the Cut to the Adills^ shall cause to be erected and built another Lock or Cistern convenient for the Passage of such Eastward of En- Barges, Boats, and other Vessels as aforesaid, the Gates of which last mentioned Lock or Cittern shall be field Mill*. made of the Height of four Inches above the present Level of the Bank of the said Mill Stream, from: whence the said new Cut shall begin to be made.

Occupier of En-

LIII. And, in order to prevent the Owners, Lessees, Tenants, or Occupiers, of the said Mills, called field Mill shall Enfield AltlUy being injured by any Mismanagement or Neglect in the Management of the said Lock or have the Care of Cistern to be erected on the said new Cut to the Eastward of the said Mills; be it further enacted, That the Lock to be the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, of the said Mills, called Enfield Mills, for the time being, ^ttaVa^w^d ^ave ^are an^ Management of the said Lock or Cistern so to be erected as aforesaid in the said Cut of the Milis^ar° to Eastward of the said Mills: And in order to make a proper Recompence and Satisfaction for such.

Care and Management to the said Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, of the said Mills, the fr.ii Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall, out of the Monies to be raised or paid by virtue of this Act% from time to time, after the Erection of such Lock, pay unto such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, of the said Mills, the yearly Sum of ten Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, by four equal quarterly Payments, to be made on the Feast Days of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, Saint John the Baptist, Saint Michael the Archangel, and the Birth of our Lord Christ, in every Year; the first of such Payments to be made on such o( those Days as shall first and next happen after the Building of the said Lock: And Tn case of Refusal or Nonpayment of the said yearly Sum of ten Pounds, or any Part thereof, for the Space of forty Days next after any of the Days before appointed for Payment thereof, such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, of the said Mills, shall and may have and take such and the same Powers and Remedies for receiving and recovering the said yearly Sum of ten Pounds, or so much thereof as shall, from time to time, be Behind and unpaid as aforesaid, and all Costs and Expences attending the Recovery thereof, as are in this A<S provided for the Payment of any Shares or Annuities that shall be granted and made payable by virtue of this Act; and such yearly Sum of ten Pounds shall be paid in Preference to, and have a Priority against, all other Annuities, Charges, Payments, or Sums -of Money, which shall hereafter be created and become payable to any Person or Persons advancing Money by Way of Security upon the Rates and Duties by this Act made payable, or on any Sum or Sums of Money vested in, or made payable to, the said Trustees, by virtue hereof.

LIV. And, in order to prevent any Interruption of the Navigation along the said Mill Stream, after the said new Cuts and Canals to and from the said Mill Stream shall be made; be it further enacted, Tha{ when and as often as the Water therein shall be reduced to five Feet above the present Still of the Waste-gate of that Part of the said Mills called the Corn Mills, the Gates of the said Mills shall be {hut, and the Mills stopped from working; which said Height of five Feet shall be ascertained by a Stone ox Post to be set up by the said Trustees for that Purpose.

shut, and the Mills stepped from working.

"When the Water shall be reduced to a certain Height at Enfield Mill?, the Gates of the ‘ Mill* ih*U be

LeflT-c &<. of

LV. Provided always nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed so extend, Enfield Mill* to prevent or hinder the Owners, Lessees, Tenants, or Occupiers of the said Mills called Enfield Milky from penning up the Water above the said Mills, as high as they have heretofore used to pen the same; nor shall any Work be ere<5led, or any Act be donej which may tend to prevent or hinder them in the penning up such Water as aforesaid* '

miy pen up Water, to the «fual Height;

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. st, 395

LVI. Provided also, That nothing in (his Ad mentioned or contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent the Owners, Lessees, Tenants, or Occupiers, of the said Mills from drawing down the Water to repair the said Mills, or to cleanse the said Mill Stream, or repair the Banks thereof at /my Time, giving twenty four Hours Notice to the said Trustees or their Agents, that they may, if they think proper, make a Dam or Stop, to keep the Water up to the said Height of five Feet, for the Purpose of the said Navigation whilst such Repairs are wanting.

LVII. And, to prevent Disputes between the said Trustees and the Owners, Lessees, Tenants, or Occupiers of the said Mills called Enfield Mills, respecting the Height to which the Water may be penned above the said Mills; be it further enacted, That within the Space of six Calendar Months next after the said Cuts to communicate with the said Mill Stream shall be begun to be made, proper Stones or Posts shall be erected and set up at the Expence of the Owners, Tenants, Lessees, or Occupiers, of the said Mills, at some proper Place, to be agreed upon and fixed by them and the said Trustees, whereon shall be marked, in plain and legible Figures or Letters, the Height to which the Water hath usually been penned above the said Mills, and the Height to which the same (lands below the said Mills when the said Mills are not at work, and no Water passeth from the River above into the same below the said Mills.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the making of the said new Cuts and Canals, to from the said Enfield Mill Stream, the said Trustees shall, at their own proper Costs and Charges, from time to time, well and sufficiently cleanse and scour the said new Cuts or Canals, and also the whole of the said Mill Stream above the said Mills, so far as the same is used for Navigation; and also shall and will well and sufficiently repair and maintain the said two Locks or Cisterns, and the Banks of the said Cuts or Canals, and the Banks of the Mill Stream aforesaid, so as to prevent unnecessary Walle of Water.

Locks and

and draw down the same for Repairs, Sec,

giving Notice,

The Height of the Water in the Cuts'o and from Enfield Mill Stream to be ascertained by Stones or Ports.

After the Cut* shall be made to and from Enfield Mill Stream, the Trustees shall scour the Cut* and repair the Banks.

LTX. And be it further enacted, That the said Mill Stream, and the Cut or Canal to the Eastward of Neither Enfield the said Mills, shall not be used by the said Trustees, or any other Person whatsoever (except the Owners, Mill Stream, Tenants, Lessees, or Occupiers, of the said Mills) for any other Purpose than that of Navigation; and "|°TnVftw*rdor no Barge or other Vessel shall (lop to take in or load, deliver out or unload, any Goods or Merchandizes infield M*ns° whatsoever on any Part thereof, nor shall loiter or (top on the same unnecessarily; but nevertheless it shall fta|i be uied for and may be lawful to and for the Owners, Tenants, Lessees, or Occupiers, of the said Mills, to make any other Pur. such Wharfs on his, her, or their Lands, and to use the same for the loading and unloading of Goods, in Pole than for like Manner as they now can or may do from any Part of the said Mill Stream, so that the same do not Nav, sation* obstru6l or interrupt the Navigation in any Manner.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That nothing contained in this Act shall Right* of the tend to prejudice the Right of the Owner or Owners of the said Enfield Mill Stream to the Fishery, both Owner of the above and below the said Mills; and from and after the said new Cut or Canal to the Eastward of the said bdow En-'Mills shall be made, the Owner or Owners of the said Mill Stream shall and may have and enjoy the Bene- field Mill, favc4« fit of the Fishery in such new Cut or Canal, and in the said Mill Stream, in the same Manner as they now are intitled to, and exercise and enjoy the Right of Fishery therein; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: But such Right shall be so exercised as not to interfere With, or interrupt, the Execution of this Act, or the free Use of the said Navigation.

c LXI. And whereas it may be necessary in many Places where the new Cuts or Canals are intended to be made as aforesaid, and where Locks or Cisterns shall be necessary to be erected and repaired, to draw off the Water and (lop the Working of the Mills adjoining to or near the same*/ be it therefore further enabled. That every Owner, Lessee, Tenant, or Occupier, of any Mill or Mills which shall be J£*®* mecessary to be (lopped for the doing the necessary Works aforesaid in Execution of this Act, or for the Mi I UPJha 1 l°epe« "Repairs thereof, from time to time, as the same shall be necessary, shall, upon reasonable Request made, or (hut the and forty-eight Hours Notice given, and upon Payment or Tender of such Recompence or Satisfaction as Clough* for the is herein after mentioned to be made to him or them by the said Trustees, or any other Person or Persons of

employed as their Servant or Agent, draw up, or open, (hut, or put down, any Clough or Cloughs of any 'Siuice or Sluices, which shall be necessary to be opened or (hut respectively for the making the said intended an Vupon'p*y-Cuts, and creeling the said Locks or Cisterns, and the Works requisite for that Purpose, and for altering center Tender and repairing the same; and such Owners, Lessces, Tenants, or Occcupiers, of any such Mill or Mills of Recompence shall and may, in such Case, lawfully demand, have, and receive, and there shall become due and payable for thefime. to him, her, or them, from the said Trustees (before (lopping their Mills as aforesaid) as a Recompence and Compensation for such drawing up or (hutting such Clough or Cloughs respectively, the Sum of ten Pence for evesy Hour that every or any Wheel of such Mill shall, by that Means, or oil that Account, be (looped or hindered from working, and so in proportion for any greater or Idler Time.

LXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That the Owners, Lessees, Tenants, or Mills not to be Occupiers* of any Mill or Mills, which it shall be necissary to flop or hinder the working of for the Pur- ftrpped but in pose aforesaid, shall not be liable or obliged to draw up or open, or to (hut or put down, any Clough or cemin Month* Cloughs of any Sluice or Sluices for the Purposes aforesaid, at any other time or times than in the Months in lhc Year* of Jl/./y, June* July, and August, nor during those Months for any longer Time or Times than four Days in any one Week, unless some Accident or Misfortune may happen orarife which shall require immediate Redress, and in such Case the same shall and may be remedied and repaired at other Times in the Year shall be necessary, but so as not to flop or hinder the working of any Mill or Mills more than four Days in any one Week, after such Notice given as aforesaid; any Thing contained in this Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

396 C. 51. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

Satisfaction to

LXIII. And, for kecOffipence and Satisfaction for the Use of the said Mill Stream for the Purpose of ’ be made to the the said Navigation as aforesaid, be it further enacted, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said fteTdrMiUStrwm.T,ru^ee9’ an^ they are hereby authorised and impowered to contract and agree with the Owner of the for the Use of the said Enfield Milhy and the Tenants or Occupiers thereof, and to pay, or cause to be paid to such Owner, said Stream Tenant, or Occupier, out of the Monies to be raised or paid by virtue of this Act, in such Manner and fr the Purpose Proportions, as such Owners Tenants, or Occupiers, shall agree amongst themselves, the yearly Sum of of Navigation. forty poundS5 of lawful Money of Great Britain, free and dear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, by four equal Quarterly Payments, to be made on the Feast'Days of Saint John the Baptist, Saint Mchad the Archangel, the Birth of our Lord Christ, and the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary> in every Year, the first of such Payments to be made on the Feast Day of Saint John the Baptist now next ensuing; and in case of Refusal or Nonpayment of the said yearly Sum of forty Pounds, or any Part thereof, for the Space of twenty-one Days next after any of the Days herein before appointed for Payment thereof as aforesaid, such Owner of the said Mills, and the Tenants or Occupiers thereof, shall and may have and take such and the same Powers and Remedies for receiving and recovering the said yearly Sum of forty Pounds, or so much thereof as shall from time to time be in Arrear and unpaid; and all Coils and Expences attending the Recovery thereof, as are in this Act provided for the Payment of any Shares or Annuities that shall be granted and made payable by virtue of this Act 5 and such yearly Sum of forty Pounds shall be paid in Preference to, and have a Priority against, all other Annuities, Charges, Payments, or Sums of Money which shall hereafter be created and become payable to any Person or Persons advancing Money by way of Security, upon the Rates and Duties by this Act made payable, or any Sum ' or Sums of Money vested in, or made payable to the said Trustees by virtue hereof.

LXIV. And whereas the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul in London, are

Owners of a certain Weir situate upon the River Leg, now in the Poflfefiion of Merry Tejbmaker, or his c Under Tenants, by virtue of a Lease for a Term of twenty-one Years to him granted by the said Dean ‘ and Chapter, which said Weir it will be proper and necessary to make use of for the Purpose of im-

9atisfa£Hon to € proving the said Navigation, or the same will be rendered useless thereby be it therefore enacted, That be made to the it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, and they are hereby 1>ca,'*nd^h*p* authorised to contract and agree with the said Dean and Chapter, and their said Lessee, and his Assigns

a^d°tifei*r Lessee or Under Tenants, for the absolute Purchase of their respective Estates, Terms, and Interests in the said

for a Weir upon Weir; and in Confederation of, and Satisfaction for the same, to pay out of the Monies, Rates, and Duties, the Rim Lee. to be raised and paid by virtue of this Act unto the said Merry Tejhmaher, his Executors, Administrators, or AfEgns.or his or their Under Tenants, during the Continuance of the said now subsisting Lease, and after the Determination thereof, unto the said Dean and Chapter, and their Successors for ever, one Annuity or yearly Sum of twenty-five Pounds, clear of all Taxes, Charges, and other Deductions whatsoever, imposed or to be imposed by Authority of Parliament, or otherwise howsoever, by equal Half-yearly Payments, and also to pay to them respectively, out of the Monies to be raised or paid as aforesaid, the Costs and Charges attending such Agreements and Purchases; which said Annuity, or yearly Sum of twenty-five Pounds, shall be for ever paid as aforesaid, in Preference to, and have a Priority against, all other Annuities, Charges, Payments, and Sums of Money, which shall hereafter be created, secured, or made payable, out of or upon the Rates and Duties to be raised by virtue of this Act, or any Sum or Sums of Money vested in, or payable to, the said Trustees by virtue thereof.

‘ LXv. And whereas Abraham Hume Esquire is the Owner of a certain House, Weir, and Fifeer^.

situate on the Rivet Lee, some Parts whereof it will be necessary to make use of in improving the said

Navigation, and other Parts thereof may be rendered useless therelw \ be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, to contract

bemadetoAbrt-and agree with the said Abraham Hume for the Purchase of the said House, Weir, and Fishery, with the ham Hume Esq; Appurtenances, for the yearly Sum of twenty-eight Pounds, free from all Deductions; and to pay out of Weir*and FiA- the Monies to be raised or paid by virtue of this Act, the said yearly Sum of twenty-eight Pounds, and try, upon the also the Costs and Charges attending such Agreement and Purchase; which said yearly Sum of twenty-River Ue. eight Pounds shall be paid in Preference to, and have apriority against, all other Annuities, Payments, Charges, or Sums of Money, which shall hereafter be created and become payable to any Person or Persons advancing Money by way of Security upon the Rates and Duties by this Act made payable, or<m any Sum or Sums of Money vested in or made payable to the said Trustees by virtue hereof.

LXVI. And whereas John Archer^ Esquire is the Owner of a certain House and Weir situate on the 1 River Lee, some Parts whereof it will be necessary to use in improving the said Navigation, and other Satisfaction to Parts thereof may be rendered useless therebybe it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may made to John be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, to contract and agree with the said Arche* M^for John Jrcber for the Purchase of the said House and Weir, with the Appurtenances, for the yearly Sum of nd^hcry twenty-eight Pounds, free from all Deductions, and to pay out of the Monies to be raised or paid by virtue on the Ri*«r P of this Afttfhe feid yearly Sum of twenty-eight Pounds, and also the Costs and Charges attending such Lee. Agreement and Purchase; which said yearly oum of twenty-eight Pounds shall be paid in Preference to,

and have a Priority against, all other Annuities, Payments, Charges, or Sums of Money, which shall hereafter be created and become payable to any Person or Persons advancing Money by way of Security upon the Rates and Duties by this Act made payable, or on any Sum or Sums of Money vested in, or made payable to, the said Trustees by virtue hereof.

Towing-path

LXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Towing-path on the Side-of the Cut which shall be made through Endfield and Edmonton Marshcsy shall be made on the East Side

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51. 397

of the said Cut; except that Part of it which extends from the Head of Enfield Mill Stream to New- Marftei to bco«

than's Weir* ... the Eart Side.

LXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to authorise Nothing to pre-or impower the said Trustees to do any Act or Actt whereby to prejudice, or render ineffectual, thethe^uer Navigation of the River Stort. 1 Mort*

LaIX. And be it enacted, That the said Navigation shall from henceforth be a free Navigation 5 and Natation t* that all the King’s Liege People whomsoever shall and may have, and lawfully enjoy, free Paffige along, befre in, through, and upon, the Channel of the said River, and such new Cuts and Canals as aforesaid, with and for Boats, Barges, Lighters, and other Vessels; and also thi Use of the Towing or Haling-paths, and all other necessary and convenient Liberties for navigating the same, without any Let, Hindrance, or Obstruction, from any Person or Persons whomsoever; subject nevertheless to the Payment of such

Rates and Duties as, by the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act, are or ought to be paid to the said Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they, or any leven or more of them, shall appoint to cofle& the same 5 and also subject to the Orders and Bye-laws which shall be, from time to time, made by the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, for the Regulation of the said Navigation.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, and they Trustees to pay» are hereby required to pay, or cause to be paid, out of the Monies to be raised and paid by virtue of this Proprietors of A to the several and respective Owners and Proprietors, or Occupiers, of any Weir, Turnpike, Lock, tLh°cc p8a’*Cg o°/ Cistern, or other Place, upon the said River, where such respective Owners and Proprietors, or Occu- b0* iers, have heretofore respectively taken any Sum of Money for the aiding 'or assisting any Boat, Barge, the Cc»ti4tt*> /ighter, or other Vessel, in the passing up or down the said River, such Sum and Sums of Money as the carried into. Ibid.Owners and Proprietors, or Occupiers, have respectively usually taken at such respective Weirs, Execution* Turnpikes, Locks, Ciftferns, or other Places, for the passing of every such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, that shall pass up or down the said River, until the Contracts aforesaid, which the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, are by this Act impowered to enter into, shall be carried into Execution, or until such Owners and Proprietors, or Occupiers respectively, shall have received Satisfaction for the same, in Manner herein before prescribed.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said several and refbectrve Owners and Occnpimof Proprietors, or Occupiers, of any such Weir, Turnpike, Lock, Cistern, or other Place, upon the ^id ^sandc^ River, shall, until such Contracts as aforesaid shall have been carried into Execution, or until such Owners AttflTriAoThV and Proprietors, or Occupiers respectively, shall have received such Satisfaction as aforesaid; and they are pJ/Hng of Boats hereby required by themselves, their Agents, Servants, or Workmen, to do and perform all and every as before the litch A£fe, Matters, and Things, as shall be necessary for aiding and assisting Boats, Barges, Lighters, pacing of the and other Vessels, in passing up or down the said River, in the same Manner, and as effectually, as rhey have usually done before the passing of this Act: And if any such Owner and Proprietor, or Occupier, gatbn^ewmT shall refuse or neglect to do or perform all such Acts, Matters, and Things, as shall be necessary for the pieced, aiding and assisting the said Boats, Barges, Lighters, and other Vessels, in passing up or down the said River as aforesaid 5 every such Owner and Proprietor, or Occupier, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall fit or act as a Trustee in any Case where he Qualification shall be in any wise direcftly or indirectly interested or concerned in the Matter Or Matters in question; of Trufoci# and that no Person, other than such as are Trustees in respect of Offices, shall be qualified or capable of aSing as a Trustee by virtue of this Act, who shall not be, in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment, or Receipt, of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Freehold or of, of the clear yearly Value of one hundred Pounds: And in case any Person shall fit or ad, being 10 interested 5 or if any Person who shall be deemed unqualified, or made incapable for the causes aforesaid, shall rfevertheless presume to ad, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered, with foil Costs of Suit,.

By any Person or Persons who shall sue or prosecute for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster\ wherein no Essoin, Protection,

Or Wager cHF Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and upon any such Suit or Pro* foution, the Proof of such Qualification shall lie upon, and be made out of, by every Trustee so to be filed or prosecuted.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall meet First on Wednesday the first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and nxty-seven, at a House known byofTruftcti« the Sign of the Rose and Crown at Enfield Highway, in the Parish of Enfield in the County of Middlesex, and proceed to the Execution of this Act; and the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall afterwards hold a General Meeting on the first Monday in June in every Year and the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, assembled at such first ana'at any subsequenjt Meeting, may, from time to time*, adjourn and hold their Meetings at such Place and Places as they, or any hve or more of them, shall appoint: And if at any Time a sufficient Number of Trustees shall not attend to act or to adjourn the Notice* be Meeting, they shall, from time to time, as often as the Case shall so happen, be deemed adjourned until given of crery that Day Month to the same Place; and the Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, of the said Trustees, shall such Mtcun* cause Notice in Writing, or in Print, under his Hand, of the Time and Place of holding every Meeting,.

(0 be affixed on some publick Place in the Towns of Hertford, Ware, Stanfted, Waltham Abbey, Enfield

Edmonton, Tottenham, Hackney, Bow, and Stratford Langthorn, at lead two Days before every such Meet— fog, unless the Business to be transa&ed at any Meeting, of which such Notice has been given as afore* feud, dull not be concluded, on the Day mentioned im such Notice 5 in which Case the Trustees, or any

five.

398 c. 51.

Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

No Order to be repealed unlefa 7 Trusteet be present. Trustees may a&as Justices. On Death of Trustees others to be chosen.

Power to appoint Officers,

five or more of them, may, from time to time, adjourn to the succeeding Day, or, if such Day be Sunday, to the Day after, and in like Manner from Day to Day, and may meet again at the same or any other convenient Place, and proceed in such Business until the same is finiftied, without any Notice to be given of the Meetings held by such Adjournments *, but no Meeting shall be held by virtue of this Act at any Place which is above ten Miles distant from the said River; and the Trustees at all their Meetings shall defray their own Expences; and no Trustee or Trustees shall be impowered to do any Matter or Thing in the Execution of this Act, otherwise than at a Meeting to be held in pursuance hereof; and that no Order or Determination of the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall be revoked or altered, unless seven Trustees shall be present, and concur therein.

LXXIV. And be it enacted, That all Rich Trustees as are Justices of the Peace may act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death or Resignation of any Trustee hereby appointed, or hereafter to be elected, the surviving Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall and may, from time to time, at any General Meeting of the said Trustees, whereof ten Days Notice shall at least be given in some publick News Paper, elect in the Stead of every such Trustee deceased or resigning onp other Person to be a Trustee, who at the time of his Election shall be living or rpfiding in the County where such deceased Trustee or the Trustee resigning did at the Time of Election, Nomination, or Appointment, live or reside; and every Person so elected shall have the same Authorities and Powers as if he had been named a Trustee in this Act.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall, by Writing under their Hands, from time to time, appoint such Person or Persons as they shall think fit to be Collector or Collectors of the Rates or Duties hereby granted or authorised to be taken; and also a Treasurer or Treasurers to receive all Monies arising by virtue of this Act, or of the said recited Act (such Treasurers and Collectors giving Security to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, for the due Execution of their respective Offices) and such Collector or Collectors, and all other Persons who have had or received by virtue of the said recited Act, or who shall at any time or times hereafter have or receive ,any Money by virtue of this Act, shall, from time to time, pay over all the Monies so collected or received into the Hands of the said Treasurer or Treasurers, at such Times and in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall di red and appoint; and the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, may also appoint a Clerk or Clerks, and such other Officers as they shall think fit to employ in the Execution of this Act; and ,may allow to such Treasurers, Collectors, Clerks, and other Officers, such Salaries or Recompence out of the Monies to be raised or paid by virtue of this Act, as they the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall think reasonable; and all such Officers shall be, from time to time, removeable at the Will and Pleasure of the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them; and the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall and may, from time to time, and at such times as they shall think proper, summon before them, and, if they think fit, examine upon Oath (which Oath any two of the said Trustees are hereby impowered to administer) all or any of the said Treasurers, Collectors, Clerks, and all other Officers and Persons employed in, or intruded with the Receipt or Expenditure of all or any of the Monies received by virtue of the said recited Act, or to be raised or received by virtue of this Act; and every such Treasurer, Collector, Clerk, and other Officer and Person as aforesaid, is hereby required to render to the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, a true, exact, and perfect Account in Writing, of all and every Sum and Sums of Money so by him respectively Officers refusing received or expended as aforesaid: And in case any or either of such Treasurers, Collectors, Clerks, or account may other Officers or Persons, shall be found in Arrear, or refuse to account, or to pay the Money due upon the Balance of such Account, according to the Orders and Directions of the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to levy by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so found in Arrear or refusing to account, or to pay the Money due upon the Balance of such Account, such Sum or Sums of Money as he or they shall be required to account for, or as shall be found due upon the Balance of his or their Account or Accounts; and for want of sufficient Distress, it shall be lawful for any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Offender or Offenders shall then be or reside, upon Proof m^e of all or any of the Offences aforesaid, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol of the County or Place wherein such Offender or Offenders shall then be or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he or they shall have made a true and perfect Account, and paid such Monies as shall appear to be remaining in his or their Hands to the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, or according to their Appointment, or shall have compounded for the same, and paid such Composition-monies, which Composition the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to make; or such Trustees, or any five or more of them, may, and are hereby impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, in the Name or Names of anyone or more of them, or in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at H'ejhninster, against any such Officer or Person so refusing, neglecting, or making Default as aforesaid, for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Officer or other Person respectively.

LXXVII. And be it further ennded, That if any Person, who hath been or shall be appointed a Treasurer, or Receiver, Collector, Cleric, Surveyor, or other Officer as aforesaid, shall refuse or rteglc&to deliver up to the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, being thereunto required by the said Trustees, or any fiv.e or more of them, either by a personal Demand, or by Writing under their Hands, left at the

last

who are to account upon Oath.

he committed.

lYeifurer,

Clerk y <Scc. to deliver Book* relating to the Trust.

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51. 399

last usual Place of Abode of such Treasurer or Receiver, Collector, Clerk, Surveyor, or othjer OiHcer, at a certain Time and Place to be appointed, all the Books, Papers, and Writings, in his or their Custody or Power relating to the Trusts and Powers by the said recited Act or this Act granted, :to the said Trustees, it shall and may be lawful for one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, on the Complaint* of the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol of the County wherein he or they shall dwell, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he or they shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, or to their Order, all or any of the said Books, Papers, and Writings, or shall have given an Account thereof to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any five or more of them. -

LXXVIII. And whereas by the said recited Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late:

Majesty, it is, among other Things, enacted, That the Governor and Company of the Neiu River shall pay, or cause to be paid, unto such Person and Persons as the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Act, or any ten or more of them, should, from time to time, by Writing under their Hands, c appoint, the several yearly Sums of Money in the said Act particularly mentioned, in the Manner and at the Times therein mentioned; which said yearly Sums were directed to be applied for the better Pre- servation and Improvement of the Navigation of the River Lee, as therein mentioned, and for purchasing*

building, or hiring. Locks or Weirs upon the said River, and for other the Purposes in the said Act mentioned \ be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, tbs said Go- New River

vernor and Company shall pay, or cause to be paid, to the said Trustees, appointed in or by virtue of this Company to par

Ad, or any five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any seven or more of them, c*rt^n Sftums i0f

shall, from time to time, by Writing under their Hands, appoint, and at such time or times as in the the ru ccs*

said Act is appointed for Payment thereof, the said several yearly Sums of Money, and all Arrears thereof;

and the said several yearly Sums of Money, or annual Payments, and all Arrears thereof, shall be, and the same are hereby, vested in the said Trustees appointed in or by virtue of this Act, and shall be by them, or any five or more of them, from time to time, applied to the Uses and for the Purposes of this

Ad; and the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall be, and they are hereby, vested with the same Powers and Authorities for the demanding and recovering the said several yearly Sums of Money or

annual Payments, or any Part or Parts thereof which shall be behind or unpaid, as fully and effectually,

to all Intents and Purposes, as the same are given to, or vested in, the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Act.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees ap- Trustees to fcttlfe pointed in or by virtue of this Act, or any five or more of them, to settle and adjust with the Treasurer, Account! with Clerk, or any other Officer or Officers of the Trustees appointed by virtue of the said recited Act, or an^thed°^7'r&c*' other Person or Persons whomsoever, any Accounts depending between them respectively and the said an Vt*

Trustees appointed by the said recited Act; and out of the Monies to be raised or paid by virtue of this pay the Balance*. Act, to pay all such Sums of Money as shall be coming due on the Balance of such Accounts from the Trustees appointed by virtue of the said recited Act, to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall appear to be due; which Payments shall be an eriedual Discharge to the Trustees appointed by the said recited Act: And that all and every Sum and Sums of Money now or at any Time hereafter to be due or owing from such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Officer or Officers, or any other Person or Persons, to the said Trustees appointed by virtue of the said recited Act, and all Securities for Money, belonging to such Trustees, in the Hands of such Treasurer or other Person or Persons, are hereby vested in the said Trustees appointed in or by virtue of this Act, to be by them, or any five or more of them, from time to time, applied for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to demand, sue for, and recover, all and every such Securities for Money, and alL Monies due or to grow due thereon, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Act could or might have done, in case this Act had not been made.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That at such Place or Places upon or adjoining to the said River* What Rats*afta or Cuts or Canals, as the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall, under their Hands and Seals, Duties shall be appoint, there shall be paid to the Collector or Collectors appointed by the said Trustees, or any seven or taken*, more of them, by all and every Person and Persons who shall carry or convey any Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodities whatsoever, up or down the said River, or Cuts or Canals (except as herein after is excepted) such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees', or any seven or more of them, shal), upon due Consideration of the Expences attending the Execution of this Act, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, think proper to appoint, not exceeding the following Rates and Duties; (that is to say)

For every Chaldron of Coals, Culm, or Cinders, that shall be carried or conveyed through King's Heiry or through the Lock which shall be made or erected at or nearest to the said Weir, eight Pence And for every Ion of otht?r Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities whatsoever, that shall bet carried or conveyed through the said Weir or Lock, six Pence; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity or Weight than a Chaldron or Ton.

And for every Chaldron of Coals, Culm, or Cinders, which shall be carried or conveyed through?

Utwmans IVeir, or through the Lock which shall be made or erected at or nearest to the said Weir, eight Pence: And for every Ton of other Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities whatsoever, that shall be carried or conveyfed through the said Weir or Lock, six Pence; and lb in proportion for any greater or Idler Quantity or Weight than a Chaldron or Ton.

3 ~ ana

400 C.’5t» Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

And for every Chaldron of Coals, Culm, or Cinders, which shall be carried or conveyed through Lu Bridge, or through any Lock which shall be made or erected in the new Cut below the said Bridge, four Pence: And for every Ton of other Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities, that shall be carried or conveyed through the said Bridge or Lock, three Pence $ and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity or Weight than a Chaldron or Ton.

And for every Chaldron of Coals, Culm, or Cinders, which shall be carried or conveyed on die Cut which shall be made from Bromley Lock into the River Thames, three Pence: And for every Ton of other Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities, that shall be carried or conveyed on the said Cut, two Pence; "and so in proportion to any greater or lesser Quantity or Weight than a Chaldron or Ton.

And for every rleafure Boat which shall pass through either of the said Locks or Places, or on the said Cut which shall be made from Bromley Lock into the River Thames, one Shilling.

Tonnage «£.

LXXXI. Provided always, That five'Quarters of Wheat, Rye, Beans, Peas, and Tares, shall be allow-eeruincdj ed a Ton; fix Quarters of Barley to a Ton; eight Quarters of Malt and Oats to a Ton; eight Sack* of Meal or Flour, containing five Bushels each, to a Ton; and ten Quartets of Bran or Pollan) to a jn*y We levied Ton: And if any Person or Persons hereby made subject to the Payment of the said Rates and Duties, by Diitrcfc. or any of them, mall not pay the same, upon Demand thereof made by the Colte&or or Collectori appointed as aforesaid to collect the said Rates and Duties, or any of them, such Collator or CoHe&ors is and are hereby authorised and required to seize any such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodities, and the Boats, Barges, Lighters, or other Vessels carrying or conveying the same, and such Pleasure Boats Oiftreftjmy be respectively; and in case Such Rate and Duty, or Rates and Duties, mail not be paid within the Spaoeof ibid after four Days next after such Seizure, it shall be lawful for such Collector or CoUe&ors to fell such Goods, Days. Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities, Boats, Barges, Lighters, and other Vessids, or Pleasure Boats,

rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Person or Persons making Default in Payment as aforesaid, after the said Rate and Duty, or Rates and Duties, together with the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Sale, shall be deducted and paid.

Exemption*

LXXXII. Provided always, That no Tonage, Rates or Duties shall be due, paid, or demanded, for any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, carrying only Oil Cakes, Malt Dust, Pigeon Dung, or Manure of any Kind whatsoever, on the said River, or the said new Cuts or Canals, or any of them, or any Part thereof; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Conditional

LXXXIII. Provided also, That if the Cut or Canal between Lee Bridge and Hackney Brook shall not £*e<feptio*c« fee made and perfected within the Space of seven Years from the passing of this Act, the said Tolls, Dudes, or Rates, hereby directed to be paid between the said Bridge and the said Brook, shall ceafo, determine, and be no longer paid.

LXXXIV. And, for the more easy collecting the Rates and Duties hereby made payable, be it further Report h> be enabled, That every Person having the Charge of any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, which shall

of load- pass through any or either of the said Weirs or Locks, or Bridge, or on the said Cut, shall give ah Account,

ing by N*vi- in Writing, signed by himself, unto such Person or Persons, and at such Place and Places as shall, from

fatoa. time to time, be appointed by the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, to receive the same, of the Quantity, Quality, and Weight of the Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities, which shall be in such Boat, barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, at the Time the same shall pass through the said Weir, Lock, Bridge, or on the said Cut; and also of the Quantity, Quality, and Weight of the Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities, which shall have been discharged or taken out of such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, before the Arrival thereof at the Place where such Account is to be given 5 and in failure of giving such Account, or in case a false Account shall be given, every such Person shall, for -every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds; and if any Difference shall arise between any ColIe6ior of the said Rates and Duties and the Person having the Charge of any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or <other Vessel, or the Owner of any Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodities therein, concerning the Quantity, Quality, or Weight, of the same, it shall be lawful for such Collector to (top and detain \ any such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, and to weigh, measure, gauge, or number, or causetobe

weighed, measured, gauged, or numbered, all such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities; and, in case the same shall appear to be of a greater Quantity or Weight, or other Quality than such Person declared the same to be, in every such Case, such Person shall pay the Costs and Charges of such weighing, measuring, gauging, and numbering; and the said Costs and Charges, and Penalty, upon RefufaJof Payment thereof on Demand, shall and may be recovered in the same Manner as the Rates and Duties hereby granted are appointed to be recovered: But if such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodities, shall appear of no greater Quantity or Weight, or of no other Quality than shall have been fp-cified in such Account, then such Collector shall pay such Costs and Charges; and shall also pay to such Person, or to the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodities, two Shillings and six Pence for every Hour that such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, shall be detained upon account of such weighing, measuring, gauging, or numbering, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Time than one Hour; and in Default of immediate Payment thereof, the same shall be levied by Dill refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Collector, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace of either of the Counties of Hertford, E/fexy or Middlesex 5 rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners thereof, after the said Payment and Charges of such Distre/s and Sale shall be deduced.

LXXXV. And be it further enf-sted^ That all Sums of Money to be rai fed or paid by virtue of this teitUtn* Act shall be, and they are hereby vested in the said Trustees; and shall be applied, in the first place, in

7 di (charging

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51; 401

discharging the Expences incurred in, and in relation to, the obtaining this Asti and afterwards, in paying the several annual Payments herein before directed to be made, and in performing the several Centrals and Agreements enterea into by the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, in pursuance thereof; and for improving, completing, and maintaining, the said Navigation, and carrying this Act, and the several Provisions, Powers, and Authorities, herein contained, into effectual Execution, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

LXXXVI. And, in order to raise a sufficient Sum of Money for the {peedy Execution of this Act, be Trustees m»y it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, tortow Monry. from time to time, to assign over the Rates and Duties arising by virtue of this Act, and also any Sum or Sums of Money by this Act made payable to, or vested in, the said Trustees, or any Part or Parts thereof; the Costs and Charges of assigning the same to be paid out of such Rates and Duties, or Sum or Sums of Money, as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Monty to be borrowed, with Interest: for the same, to such Person or Persons as shall advance the same, or their Trustee or Trustees: And all and every Person and Persons to whom the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall, at any time or times, make such Alignment or Alignments, shall be equally intitled to their Proportion of the said Rates and Duties, or Sum or Sums of Money, according to the respective Sums in such Alignments mentioned to be advanced, to, secure the Repayment thereof, with Interest as aforesaid, without any Preference by reason of Priority of Alignment, or on any other Account whatsoever; and the Money so borrowed shall be ap- Application of plied in such Manner as the said Rates and Duties, and Sum and Sums of Money are herein before di- the Money btr-rested to be applied, and to no other Use or Purpose; and an Entry or Memorial of every such Assign- r9we ment, containing the Date, Names of the Parties* and Sums of Money, shall be made in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, to the said Trustees 5 which said Boole or Books shall and may be perused at all seasonable Times by all Persons whomsoever without Fee or Reward; and all and every Person or Persons, to whom any such Assignment or Assignments shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be intitled to the Money thereby secured, may, from time to time, assign or transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit, to the Principal and Interest thereby secured, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; which said Transfer or Assignment shall be produced and notified to the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made of such Assignment or Transfer, containing the Date, Names of the Parties, and the Sums of Money therein transferred, in the said Book or Books to be kept for the entering the said original Assignments, for which the said Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, shall be paid such Sums as the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall appoint, not exceeding the Sum of two# Shillings and six Pence; and such Entry being made, but not till then, every such Alignment shall intitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and such Assignees may in like Manner assign again, and so toties quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons who shall have made such Assignment, to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any Monies thereby secured, or any Part thereof.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them. Money miy be shall also think it proper and adviseable to raise Money, for the more speedy Execution of this Act, upon the b7 Annul* Rates and Duties, or Sum or Sums aforesaid, by way of Annuities for Lives, it shall and may be lawful uc* fort*lve^ for the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, so to do; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to contribute, advance, and pay, into the Hands of the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they, or any seven or more of them, shall, by any Writing under their Hands and Seals, authorise to receive the same, for the Uses before mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money, for the absolute Purchase of one or more Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the full Term of the natural Life of every Contributor, or the natural Life of any Person who shall be nominated by or on Behalf of such Contributor, at the Time of Payment of their respective Contribution-monies; which Annuity or Annuities shall not exceed the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Jnnum, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Sum to be advanced and paid as aforesaid: All which said Annuity or Annuities, so to be purchased as aforesaid, shall be payable and paid by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, in such Place as they, or any seven or more of them, shall, for that Purpose, appoint, at or upon the four most usual Feasts or Days of Payment in the Year, by even and equal Portions; the first Payment to begin and be made to the respective Purchasers, or their Assigns, at or on such of the Feasts aforesaid as shall hrft happen next after the Payment of the respective Monies.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided by the said Trustees, or any five Purchasers or more of them, and kept in such Place as they the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall appoint, a Book or Books, in which shall be fairly written in Words at Length the Names and Surnames, m* with the proper Additions and Places of Abode of all such Persons as shall be Purchasers of any of the Annuities aforesaid, and of all Persons by whose Hands the said Purchasers shall pay in any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of this Act; and also the Sum and Sums so paid for the Purchase of such An- and the Sumt nuities, and the respective Days of Payment thereof; to which Book and Books it shall and may be lawful Paid b? for the respective Purchasers, and their Assigns, from time to time, and at all seasonable Times, to have &c* recourse, and inspect the same without Fee or Reward.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Annuities, so to be purchased by virtue Contribute/!

‘ of this Act, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, charged upon the Rates and Duties, or Sum or Sums be intitled to of Money, herein before mentioned, subject to such Assignments as aforesaid; and shall be paid and pay- Annume* tvr able, from time to time, out of the Supply of the Monies arising by the same, after Payment of the In- 1 c* terest of the several Sums of Money to be borrowed at Interest upon the Credit of the Rates and Duties

’40*

Contributor? to have Rcteip’s, *rul an Orricr, lor lament.

Annuities may be aliened.

Memorandum to be made thereof j

t her wife ineffectual.

Annuitants Remedy for Arrears.

Bridges to be erected.

Tunnels to be kid.

Steersmen to be tiab’e for Damages.

C. 5la Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

as aforesaid; and all and every the Contributor and Contributors upon the Credit of this Act, or such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, and his and their respective Aligns, shall be intitled, by virtue of this Act, to have, receive, and enjoy, the respective Annuity or Annuities, so to be purchased as aforesaid, during the Term of the natural Life of the Person to be nominated by each such Purchaser and Contributor as before mentioned; and that all and every such Purchaser and Purchasers, and their Assigns respectively, shall have good, sure, anfolute, and indefeasible Estates and Interests in the Annuities so by them respectively to be purchased, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and that none of the said Annuities shall be subject or liable to the Taxes charged upon Lands by Authority of Parliament.

XC. And be it further enacted, That every Contributor upon this Act, for the Purchase of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, his, her, or their Assigns, upon Payment of the Consideratiofri or Purchase-money for the same, or any Part or Proportion thereof, into the Hands of the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any seven or more of them, shall, for that Purpose, appoint, shall have one or more Receipt or Receipts, importing the Receipt of such Purchase-tnoney as shall be so paid; and upon Payment of all the Purchase-money* for any such Annuity or Annuities, at the Rate aforesaid, every such Contributor, his, her, or their Assigns respectively, shall have an Order on Parchment or Vellum (which may be made without Stamps thereon) for Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities, for and during the natural Life of such Person as shall be so nominated as aforesaid; which Order shall be signed by the said Trustees, or a'ny seven or more of them; and after the signing thereof, the same shall, by virtue of this Act, be firm, good, valid, and effectual, in Law, according to the Import and true Meaning thereof, and Of this Act.

XCL. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Purchaser or Purchasers of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Aligns, at any Time or Times, by Writing under his, her, or their Hands and Seals (without any Stamps thereupon) to assign such Annuity or Annuities, or any Part thereof, or Interest therein, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, and so toties quoties; and a Memorandum or Entry of all such Alignments shall be made in a Book, which is required to be kept for that Purpose in such Place where the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall appoint, for Which Entry or Memorandum the Sum of two Shillings and six Pence shall be paid, and no more; and such Book may, at all seasonable Times, be inspected by any Person or Persons interested therein.

XCII. Provided always, That no such Assignment shall be deemed good or effectual, until such Entry or Memorandum shall be made in such Book as aforesaid; and all such Annuitants, and their respective Assigns, shall be Creditors in equal Degree, without Preference in respect of the Priority of his, her, or their advancing the Money on their respective Securities.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Rates and Duties, Sum and Sums of Money, shall be chargeable with and for the Payment of all and every such Annuity or Annuities, and all Arrears thereof, from time to time, subject and in manner aforesaid; and shall, upon Default of Payment of any such Annuity, or any Part thereof, within the Space of thirty Days next after any of the Times when the same shall be made payable, vest in the Annuitant or Annuitants, or such Person or Persons to whom the same shall be assigned as aforesaid, subject as aforesaid, until the same shall be fully paid and satisfied, together with Interest, and the Costs and Charges occasioned by the Nonpayment of the same; and that the said Annuitant or Annuitants, or such Person or Persons to whom (he lame shall be assigned as aforesaid, in case the said Annuities shall be in Arrear and unpaid by the Space of sixty Days as aforesaid, and until full Payment thereof, with the Interest and Charges as aforesaid, shall have the same Powers and Authorities for demanding, collecting, and recovering, the said Rates and Duties, and receiving the said Sum and Sums of Money, as are by this Act granted to the said Trustees, their Collectors or Receivers, or any of them, subject nevertheless as aforesaid.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any five or^nore of them, shall cause to be made, set up, and, from time to time, maintained and kept in Repair, convenient and substantial Gates, Bridges, Passages, and Stiles, in and overall the Ditches and" Fences in the Towing-paths, to be used for the Purposes of this Act, where the same shall respectively be necessary; and also such Bridges over the new Cuts, Trenches, and Passages, as shall be proper for the Use of the Occupiers of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, thereunto adjoining; and also that if the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall think proper to cause the said River to be deepened in any Part or Parts, so as to render any usual and common Fords and Highways impassable or dangerous; in every such Case the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall first cause a sufficient Bridge or Bridges to be erected, or such other Conveniencies to be made as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall judge proper, where such Fords or Highways now are, or as near thereto as conveniently may be; and shall, from time to time* maintain and keep the said Bridges or Convenicncies in Repair for the Accommodation of nil Persons having occasion to pass over the same; and ^lfo, if the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall find it necessary to raise any Banks upon the Sides of the said River for Towing-paths, or otherwise, whereby the Waters may be prevented from going off, or overflowing the adjacent Lands; the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall first cause sufficient Tunnels to be laid through such Banks so to be raised, at proper Places, for draining or overflowing the same, and shall, from time to time, keep such Bunks and Tunnels in Repair.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That the Steersman, or other Person, having the Care, Charge, or Management of any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, which shall pass upon the said River, Cuts, or Canals, shall be answerable and shall make Satisfaction for any Damage, Spoil, or other Mischief that

shall

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51. 403

shill be done by any such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, or by any Perf m-or Perform belonging to, or employed in or about the same respectively, or by the Horses or Servants used a* employed in haling or towing the same, or by loading or unloading any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Veil'd, unto any of the Bridges, Locks, Staunches, Danis, Sluices, Cuts, Banks, or othci Works* that now are or shall be eroded and maintained, in, upon, or near the said River or Streams, or Cuts or Canals, and also for any Trespass or Damage that shall or may be done to any Mills, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Crop on the Ground adjoining or lying near to the said River or Streams, or Cuts or Canal*; and if any such Damage, Spoil, or Mischitf shall be done, the same shall be enquired into and determined by any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where such Damage, Spoil, or Mischief shall be done, or the said Steersman or other Person shall dwell or be; who is hereby authorised and required, upon Complaint or Information made before him, to summoo the Steersman, or ether Person having the Care, Charge, or Management, of such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, to appear before him; and upon his, her, or their Appearance, or making Default to appear (Proof being made upon Oath before such Justice, that the Party neglecting to appear was personally served with such Summons, or that the same was left fot him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place of Abode, or at the usual Place of Abode of the Owner or Owners of such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Veil'd) such Justice shall proceed to examine into the Truth of the said Complaint or Information; and upon Conviction of the Party complained of, by Proof upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall award and order such Sum of Money to be paid by such Steersman, or other Person having the Care, Charge, or Management as aforesaid, as a Recompence for such Damage, Spoil, or Mischief, as the said Justice shall think proper; and in Default of immediate Payment thereof, or Security being given for the Payment thereof to the Satisfaction of the said Justice, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice to commit such Steersman, or other Person having the Care, Charge, or Management as aforesaid, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, for any Tune not exceeding two Months, or until such Recompence shall be paid.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person being the Steersman, or having the Care, Charge, PenOrie* or Management of an^ Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, or navigating or working the same, shall SuerGman ob-

immediately remove the same, or shall hinder the opening or {hutting of any of the said Locks, Cisterns, or o^SfL^bfrnt* Sluices, or shall be absent, unless by reason of some inevitable Accident, from the Boat, Barge, Lighter frnm kit Rftjf. or other Vessel, to which he belongs, at any Time during the Course of the Passage of such Boat, Barg

Lighter, or other Vessel, on the said River, or Cuts or Canals; every Person so offending as aforesaid shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, shall happen *nkt0

be sunk in the said River, Cuts, or Canals, and the Owner or Person having the Care thereof shall not wci&hcd UP* without Loft of Time weigh or draw up and haul the same out of the Way of outer Vessels passing upon the said Navigation* it shall be lawful for any Agent or Servant of the said Trustees to cause such Boat, Barge,

Lighter, or other Vessel, to be weighed or drawn up, and to detain and keep the same until Payment shall be made of alLExpences occasioned thereby; and if Payment be not made in four Days, such Agent or Servant shall cause Sale thereof to be made for reimburhng the said Expences, or other incident Charges, returning the Overplus (if any be) to such Owner or Person.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Owner or Owners of every Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other The Owner*«+ Vessel, having Goods on board, passing upon the said River, or Cuts or Canals, or any of them, or any Stecr/man’* Part thereof, shall cause his, her, or their Name or Names, and also the Name oif the Steersman, or other Nan>"10 Person having the Care or Charge of every such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, and their respect °Q

five Places of Abode, to be placed and set at full Length in large Capital Letters and Figures four Inches long, and broad in proportion, on the upper Part of the Bow on both Sides of every such Boat, Barge,

Lighter, or other Vessel, and painted White, so that the same shall from time to time, and at all Times, be plain and legible; and in case any such Owner or Owners shall not at all Times have his, her, or their Name or Names, and also the Name of the Steersman, or such other Person as aforesaid, and their respective Places of Abode, so set or placed as aforesaid; or of any Person or Persons, having the Care or Charge of any Boar, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, pitting upon the said River, or Cuts or Canals, into or through any of the Sluices, Locks, or Cisterns, shall wilfully or negligently set or leave open any of the Gates,

Doors, Cloughs, or Slakers, belonging to any such Sluice, Lock, or Cistern, whereby the Water shall run Waste to the Hind era nee or Detriment of the said Navigation, or of any Mill or Lands; then, and in every such Case, every such Owner or Person so neglecting or offending, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of live rounds.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall maliciously open, or cause to be opened, any p#na!ty on P«r-Locks or Cloughs belonging to the said Navigation; or shall leave any of the Cloughs running, after any suns opening Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, shall have parted any Lock belonging to the said Navigation$ or shall *» draw, or cause to be drawn, any Clough in the Lock-gates on such Navigation, so as to mif-spend or waste the Water, to the Prejudice of the said Navigation, or of any Mills or Lands; every such Person for every such Offence, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding nvc Pounds.

# C. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall, from time to Commissionri* time, have full Power and Authority to make Bye-laws, Orders, and Constitutions, for the good and make Djw orderly ufmgof the said Navigation, for settling the Wages, and for the well governing of the Bargemen, Uwl» Watermen, and Boatmen, who shall convey or carry any Goods, Wares, 0rMerchandi7.es, on any Parc thereof % and from time to time to alter or repeal the same; and to impose such rcaionable Fines and

% 3 F Forfeiture*

404

Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

to the Quarter Stiltons.

Penalties and

Settops,

C. 51.

Forfeitures upon all Persons offending against such Bye-laws, Orders, or Confutations, as they the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall think nt; such Fines and Forfeitures to be levied by such Ways and Means as the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall direct, so as no such Fine shall exceed the Sum of five Pounds upon any Person for one Offence; which said Bye-laws, Orders, and Constitutions, being put into Writing under the Hands and Seals of the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall be binding to, and be observed by, all Parties, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to justify all Persons who shall a ft under the same, or in levying any Penalty or Forfeiture Persons aggnev- thereby incurred: But any Person or Persons thinking himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any ed may appeal Order or Judgement made or given in pursuance of any such Bye law. Order, or Constitution, may, within fix M onths after such Order or Judgement shall be made or given, complain to the Justices of the Peace at their General or Quarter Sessions to be held for either of the said Counties of Hertford, Essex, or Middlefvr, who shall, in a summary Way, either hear and determine the said Complaint at such General Quarter Session, or, if they think proper, may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General or Quarter Session of the Peace to be held for the said County; and, if they fee Cause, may mitigate or alter such Forfeiture, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been paid or levied in pursuance of such Bye-law, Order, or Constitution, and may also order such further Satisfaction to be made, and give such Cofii to the Party injured, as they shall judge reasonable.

CI. And be it further enacted, That the pecuniary Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, hereby inflicted, Forfeitures how or authorised to be imposed, the Recovery whereof is not herein before directed, shall be recovered by co be recovered. Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by a Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for any of the said Counties of Hertford

Efex, or Middlesex\ and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices-to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding threq Months, or until the said Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, shall be paid; and that such Fines; Penalties, or Forfeitures, or any Part or Parts thereof, which are not herein before applied, shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied for the Purposes of this Act.

General Appeal CII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall think themselves aggrieved so the Quarter by the Order or Judgement of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, upon account of any Offence committed or supposed to be committed against this Act, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace for either of the said Counties where the Offence was committed, or supposed to be committed, at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held within the Space of six Calendar Months after such Cause of Appeal shall happen; the Person or Persons so appealing first giving Security, to the Satisfaction of the said Justice or Justices, to prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and to pay the Costs which shall be ascertained by the said General Quarter Sessions, in case such Order or Judgement shall be affirmed; and the Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine such Appeal, and to make such Orders therein^ and to award Costs, as to them shall appear just; which Order shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and shall not be removed or removeable by any Writ of Certiorari, or otherwise, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere; and that no Order or Proceeding to be had by or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who, in any Examination to be taken by virtue of this Act, shall give false Evidence before the said Trustees, or any of them* or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, shall and may be prosecuted for the same; and, upon Conviction thereof, shall be subject to all the Pains and Penalties which Persons are or may be subject to by the Laws of this Kingdom for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously cut, break down, damage, or destroy, any Banks or other Works erected or made, or to be erected or made, for the Purposes of the said Navigation; such Person or Persons shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in other Cases of Felony; and the Court by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried, shall have full Power and Authority to transport such Felon or Felons for seven Years, to such Place and in such Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported, by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

Navigation to C V. And be it further enacted, That the said Rates and Duties shall at all Times hereafter be exempted be exempted from the Payment of any Taxes, Rates, Assessments, or Impositions whatsoever > any Law or Statute to from Taxes. the contrary notwithstanding.

Proceedings to CVI. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Trustees shall be entered be entered in in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and such Orders and Proceedings, when entered, shall be Booki. signed by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them; and the Clerk or Clerks attending the said Truf-

tees is and are hereby required to set his or their Name or Names as a Witness or Witness'es thereto; and the said Orders and Proceedings, so signed and attested, shall be deemed and taken- to be Originals, and dial) be admitted as Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and such Book or Books shall be seen and perused at all seasonable Times; and Copies thereof, or any Part thereof, may be taken by any Person or Persons whomsoever, paying to the said Clerk or Clerks six Pence for every one hundred Words.

Writing? to He CVII. Provided always, That no Warrant, Mortgage, Alignment, Transfer, or any other Writing without Sumps, whatsoever, in pursuance of, or relating to, the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, shall be fub-' jedt to any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

Penalty on giv-

, ing false Evidence,

Penalty on Per.

Ions destroying the Works.

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51. 405:

CVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Owners and Picture Boat* Occupiers of any Lands or Tenements adjoining to the said River or Streams, or Cuts or Canals, or any ?ot to bc uxed* of them, to use any Pleasure-boat or Boats upon the same, without the Hinderance or Interruption of the said Trustees, or any of them, and without paying any of the Rates and Duties aforesaid; so as such Pleasure-boat or Boats is or are not used for carrying Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, and so as such Pleasure-boat do not pass through any of the Places for the passing whereof any Rates and Duties are herein before directed to be paid; and that the Lord or Lords of the respective Manors, or any other Lords of Minors Persons whomsoever, shall have full Libery to fish, fowl, and exercise all other Royalties on the said River fish, fowl, and navigable Passages to which they are now legally intitled; any Thing herein contained to the contrary &e. hereto* notwithstanding; so that the Exercise of such Rights and Royalties shall not interfere with or interrupt thefwr9* Execution of this Act, or the free Use of the said Navigation.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Workman, or other Person or Persons, navigating or Personr n*tl* working, or being on board any Boat, Barge, Lighter*, or other Vessel, within the Limits of the said Navigation (not being duly qualified by the several Laws and Statutes relating to Gamej shall carry with him or Voc*

them, or have on board any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, any Fishing-net, Gun, Engine, or being quaitftd, other Instrument, with an Intention to take, kill, or destroy, the Fish or Game in or upon the said River to forfeit 20*. or Streams, or Cuts or Canals, or any of the Lands adjacent thereto; such Person or Persons being thereof lawfully convicted by his own Confession, or upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses* before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace in and for either of the said Counties of Hertford, Essex, and Middlesex, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings, over and above the Penalties such Person or Persons may be otherwise subject to by the Acts for the Preservation of Gamo and Fish 5 to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under tho Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices; one Moiety of which Forfeiture shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish or Place where such Offender shall be convicted; and for Want of sufficient Distress, the Offender shall, by like Warrant of such Justice or Justices, be committed to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding, one Month, nor less than ten Days.

CX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully throw any Ballast, Gravel, pwlfliinr1 Stones, Rubbish, or Dirt, into any Part of the said River, or Cuts or Canals used or intended to be used for ^3^11 Navigation, with Intent to prejudice the same; every Person so offending, and being convicted thereof |"f0 th/aiterT-

rexy upon the the House of

before any Justice of the Peace for either of the said Counties of Ha ford, Ejjix% or Middlefe Oath of oneor more Witness or Witnesses, shall, by Warrant of the said Justice, be sent to t Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for such Time as such Justice of the Peace shall direct, not exceeding three Months.

CXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to Lord* of Manors* cbftrud or hinder the Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors, or the Owner or Owners of any Lands or or Ownei* Grounds lying upon or near the Banks of the said River, or of any Lands or Grounds through which the aybu,1d Wuc--laid Cuts mail be made, from making or erecting any Warehouses, Weighbeams, Cranes, Quays, Landing- uu c5> u places or Wharfs, upon the Banks of the said River or Cuts, in and upon their own Laods, Wastes, or Grounds, so that the erecting or using such Warehouses, Cranes, or Wharfs, do not obstruct or prejudice the said Navigation, or any of the Powers given by this Act.

CXII. Saving and reserving at all Times hereafter unto the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of Saving* of* London, all their Rights and Privileges which by any Law, Usage or Custom, they have at any Time Righti of the heretofore held, had, or enjoyed, or now hold, have or enjoy, in or upon the said River, or any Part Mjror* Com. thereof, except their Jurisdiction by virtue of the said recited Act of the thirteenth Year of the Reign of Sti*en*of Loa»-Queen Elizabeth; and also saving and reserving at all Times hereafter unto all Persons whatsoever their 0

several just Rights and Privileges, which by Law they have at any Time heretofore had, held, or enjoyed j or now hold, nave, or enjoy, in, over, or upon the said River Lay or any Part thereof, so as the same are not repugnant to any Powers granted for the Execution of this Act.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Warrant or Warrants, that shall and may be Warrant? cxe*. granted by any Person or Persons enabled or impowered to grant the lame under or by virtue of this Act, oucJ by Con* mail and may be directed to the Constable, Heaoborough, or other Peace Officer of the County, Liberty, fUblc#> or Place, wherein the Offender or Offenders shall live, reside, inhabit, or be; which Constable, Head-borough, or other Officer, is hereby authorised and required to execute the same.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Diflreft not to Money to bc levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not bc deemed unlawful, nor the Party b? ^conml un-or Pities making the same bc deemed a Trespasser or Trefpu tiers on account of any Deled or for want of <0T wantk Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding thereon; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining bc deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Irregularity which shall be adjoin* be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Perfims aggrieved by such deemed Tr-f-irregularity shall am! may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cale. iofl«r initio.

cxv. p rovided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any such Irregu-^ larity as aforesaid, if Tender of Amends hath been nude by or in Behalf* of the Party distraining before inch Action brought. hath be?n mu'.c,.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be brought or com- imitation of^ menced aeainst any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action, AUion*.

Suit, or Information shall be commenced within six Months next alter the Fad committed, and not alter-wards^and shall belaid or brought in the Counties of Htrtfird, or liddLjtx, and not dfcwhere

ami*

406 C. 5 Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

General Issue, and the Person or Persons so sued or prosecuted may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any Action, Suit, or': Information, shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought ia, any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defen-, dant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his* her, or their Action, Suit, or Information, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if in any such Action, Suit, or Information, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Double Costs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law. publick Act. CXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick,

Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever* without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LII.

An Act for erecting a proper and convenient Pier at the Port of Saint Ivey> in the county of . Cornwall\ for the better Protection of Ships and Vessels resorting to the said Port.

-Preamble,

WHEREAS the Port of Saint Ives, in the County of Cornwall, is situated upon the North of - Saint George's Channel, about twelve Miles within the Land’s End of England, and distant about € twenty-eight Leagues from any Harbour of Safety in those Seas: And whereas, by erecting a proper Pier, the said Port of Saint Ives would be rendered a safe and commodious Harbour, become easy of Access, and afford great Protection to the Lives and Properties of many of his Majesty's Subjects, and others, at present frequently exposed to Loss and Hazard through the Want of such a Resort: And whereas the said Design may be carried into complete Execution, by the Aid of a small Tonnage or Duty to be laid on all Ships or Vessels likely to partake of the Advantage resulting from so good a Work 5 and* beyond the aforesaid salutary Ends, the Trade and Commerce in general, carried on to and from his Majesty's Dominions, will be thereby greatly promoted and advanced :* May it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's tnoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, Ttvftcet, and by the Authority of the same, That the Justices of the Peace for the County of Cornwall, and for the Borough of Saint Ives, for the time being, shall be, and they are hereby constituted and appointed Trustees,

for enlarging, improving, maintaining, and preserving, the said Port and Harbour of Saint Ives, by erecting and building a new Pier or Piers, or such other Works, in such Manner as to them, or any five or moreof them, at their General Meeting assembled, shall seem most proper, and for putting in Execution all other the Powers in and by this Act given and granted, according to the Method herein after prescribed 5 and it: shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any jive or more of them, to order and dirtft til Matters and Things, and to cause the same to be done, from time to time, which shall be necessary for the enlarging, improving, maintaining and preserving, the said Port and Harbour, according to the true Intent and Meaning of^ this Act.

FirA Meeting of

IL. And be it further enacted, That the first Meeting of the said Trustees shall be on the twenty-fourth Trustcci. Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, at the House of Master Nathaniel Hicks, within the said Borough of Saint Ives; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, to meet and assemble, from time to time, as they find proper, at such Place or Places as they shall judge most convenient, within the said Borough of Saint Ives> for carrying on and effecting v the Purposes of this Act.

Trufoei to‘re-

III. And be it further enacted, That It shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any five or more move Obflruc- of them, and their Agents and Officers, from time to time, by their Orders and Directions, to takeaway tiom. or remove any Obstruction that may be necessary to be taken away or removed, for the enlarging, improving, and maintaining, the said Port and Harbour of Saint Ives, or for the better attaining the Purposes of this Act, making Satisfaction to the respective Owner or Owners of the Premises, in such Manner is is herein after mentioned.

Trustees to agree

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees appointed by this Workmen Act, or any five or more of them, to contract and agree with any Workmen, Artificers, or other Persons for bu iding a whomsoever, bona fide, for the making and doing all and every or any Part of the Work or Business to be i*ar ^one ,n or ahout the erecting and building a Pier or Piers, and otherwise enlarging, finishing, and mam-ixmr.o St*IvCi* taining the said Port and Harbour of Saint Ives; and also with any Person or Persons for Timber, Stones,

' or other Materials, which shall be necessary to be used in or about the building of such Pier or Piers, and the enlarging and maintaining of such Port and Harbour as aforesaid.

Tn^es may V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any five or moreof them, shall have full Power put chafe Build- and Authority to agree with the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of all such Buildings, Houses, ings, ice. Grounds, or Estates, as they shall find necessary for them to be possessed of, or to be removed* or otherwise employed for the better Execution of the Purposes of this Act.

Bodies Politick, 4

VI. And whereas it may happen that some Person or Persons, or Bodies Politick or Corporate, Feof-ice. m»y con- ‘ fees in Trust, Infants, Femes Covert, or others, disabled by Law to grant or convey the Inheritance in s Ucd»he Lands, may he seised of Lands and Tenements which jnay be necessary to be conveyed and made use ol

» 5 4

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 52. 407

for the Purposes of this Act be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he lawful for all Bodies Politick or Corporate, whether Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust,

Executors, Administrators, Guardians, or Trustees, whatsoever, for and on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, or other Cestuique Truits, and for all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to treat and agree with the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, at their Publick Meeting or Meetings from time to time to be appointed, for the Sale of, and to convey to the said Trustees or their Successors, for such valuable Confederation as shall be bona fide agreed upon, such Lands; Tenements, or Hereditaments, as shall be by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, adjudged necessary and convenient for the Purposes aforesaid; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be bona fide made for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes; any Law, Statute, Usage or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it enacted, That all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, and Truf- Fmffrei, ire. tees. Corporations Aggregate and Sole, and all other Persons aforesaid, are and shall be hereby indemnified iodemaified. for what thevshall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any time or times sustain any DartaRC _ Damage in his, her, or their Lands, Hereditaments, or Property, by the Execution of any of the Powers and Rcco-of this Act, by any Act, Neglect, or Default of the said Trustees, or of the Workmen employed therein, pence to be

or otherwise; in every such Case the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall have full Power, settled by«jury*> from time to time, and at all Times, to settle and agree upon such Recompence and Satisfaction to be made for the same to the Person or Persons injured or aggrieved, as they shall judge fit and reasonable, to be paid out of the Monies arising or to be raised in pursuance or by virtue of this Act: But if it shall happen that the Person or Persons making Complaint of such Losses or Damages, shall dislike, or be d jffatisfied with such Reyompence and Satisfaction; in every such Case, it shall be la.wful for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby required and impowered, from time to time, upon Request in Writing to be made or given to them, or any five or more of them, by such Person or Persons injured or, aggrieved as aforesaid, to issue out their Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to the Sheriff for the time being of the said County of Cornwall, commanding such Sheriff to impanel, summon, and sheriff rfay im*-return, and the said Sheriff is hereby required accordingly to impanel, summonr and return, a Jury of panel* Jary* twenty-four able and sufficient Men qualified, according to the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, to be returned for Trials of Issues joined in his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, to appear before the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, at such Time and Place, as in and by such Warrant or Warrants shall be: appointed; and also to return Issues upon every Person so impanelled and returned, the Sum of forty Shillings, which shall be duly estreated and levied; and for Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen appearing, such Sheriff or his Deputy, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that ' can speedily be procured to attend that Service, to make up the said Jury to the Number of twelve: And, 9

all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen: And the \

said Trustees, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered, by Warrant or Warrants under their ch enfiC

Hands and Seals, from time to time, as Occasion shall require, to summon and call before them all such Persons as shall be thought necessary to be examined as Witnesses, touching the Matters in question:

And the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, may authdrife and order the said Jury, or any fix or more of them, to view the Place or Places or Matter in question; which Jury, upon their Oaths, to be administered by the said Trustees (which Oath, and also proper Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called tipontagive Evidence, asa Witness or Witnesses, before the said Trustees, the said Trustees or any fiveor more of them, are hereby impowered to administer) shall inquire how far the said Trustees, or their Agents or Servants, have anywifeoccafioned such Damage; and if any shall appear, such Jury shall assess the value of such

Damage; and the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall pay to the Party or Parties so aggrieved or injured the Money so assessed: And in case the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall not (being thereunto required) make such Payment within thirty Days after such Request made, the Person or Persons aggrieved, or his, her, or their Agents, may appoint one or more Person or Persons to collect and receive the Rates and Duties by this Act given, charged and made payable, and thereout to pay the Damages which shall have been settled and assessed as aforesaid; and the Money to be received and collected: } by such Person or Persons so appointed, shall be, and is hereby declared to be, as so much Money received to the Use of the Person or Persons who hath or have suffered such Damage, in Order and Course fiic-ceffively, as such Determination shall be in Priority of Time; and after such Damage or Damages so settled and assessed, and the reasonable Charges of such Collection shall be paid and satisfied, the Power and -

Authority of the Person or Persons so appointed Collector or Receiver, Collectors or Receivers, for the .:

Purposes aforesaid, shall cease and determine.

1a. Provided always, That no Person or Persons whomsoever shall be intitled to Satisfaction for any Complaint to be Damages, nor shall the said Trustees, or any of them, be obliged to take any Notice of any Application made within in relation thereto, unless the Complaint of such Damages shall have been made within the Space of three lhrcc Montht* Calendar Months next after such Damages shall have been sustained.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all and every the Pier and Piers, and all Docki, see. other Works to be erected, made, or done, in pursuance of this Act; and also the Property of the Ground vestrdinTnjf-whereon such Works shall be erected, as well as all such Right and Property as (now belongeth and apper- tec,» -taineth to the said Port and Harbour of Saint Ives, subject and charged with the perpetual annual Payment -of the Sum of twenty-five Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain to the Corporation of Saint Ives aforesaid, in Lieu and full Satisfaction of Quay Dues and Wharfage, and all other Dues, Duties, and Payments,

408. C. 5 2«

Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

who may lease oat the same for 21 Years.

And shall settle the Demands to be takeo for Wharfs, See. by their Tenants and Lessees. Lessees demanding more, how to be punished.

No Person shall empty any Ballad, &c. in the said Port and Harbour,

an Pain of forfeiting 40 s.

to be levied by Di ft refs and Sale*

Trnflees may direct the Moor< ini; and Rallafting of Ships.

Penalty on refuting to obey.

ments, now due, or of Right payable, to the said Corporation, of, from, or but of, the Premises, the Srft Payment thereof to be made on the second Day of February, which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eidit; provided that all such Quay Dues and Wharfage, as are now due and payable, shall be taken determined by the Tenant or Farmer thereof until the first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven; and subject to, and charged with, all and every the yearly and other Rents and Payments now charged upon, or bluing therefrom, or payable thereout, or on account thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and save and except the Bumelage and Anchorage within the said Port and Harbour, belonging to his Grace the Duke of Bolton, and which is now held by Nathaniel Hicks, as Lessee thereof, for a 1 erm of ninety-nine Years, determinable on three Lives, and all other Rights and Privileges of the said Duke of Bolton, shall be verted in the said Trustees, and their Successors; and they, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to bring Actions, or prefer Bills of Indictment, against any Person or Persons who shall deal, take away, break down, 6r spoil any Works or Materials, used, or to be used, in the Work of erecting, constructing, enlarging, or maintaining, the said Pier or Piers, Port and Harbour, Or shall do any Matter or Thing whereby any Damage may accrue to the said Works or Harbour: And the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, al*e hereby authorised and impowered, from time to time, to let out, for the best Rent that can be obtained, such Wharfs, Docks, or Lands, the Property whereof is hereby verted in them, for any Term not exceeding twenty-one Years; the Rent arising therefrom to be applied towards enlarging, finishing, completing, and maintaining, the said Port and Harbour.

XI. And, to prevent any Exadions and unreasonable Demands from the respective Tenants or Lessees under the said Trustees, be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall, in every Agreement they shall enter into for the leafing or letting such Wharfs, Docks, or other Works as aforesaid, expressly mention what Sums shall be demanded or taken by the respective Tenants or Lessees, for the Use of such Wharfs, Docks, or other Works, of the Master or Owner of any Ship or Vessel occupying the same; and if such Tenant or Lessee shall demand or take more than the Sum stipulated by such Agreement, such Tenant or Lessee shall, for every such Offence, forfeit Treble the Sum demanded more than he shall be allowed to take by such Agreement; to be recovered and levied in Manner herein after mentioned; one Moiety of which Forfeiture shall be applied to the enlarging or maintaining the said Port and Harbour, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as shall prosecute, sue for, and recover the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall throw or empty any Ballast, Earth, Dust, Arties, Rubbish, or Stones, into the said Port and Harbour, or take away any Ballast, Shingle, Stones, or other Things, the Removal or taking away of which may be prejudicial to the said Port and Harbour, or to the Works erected, or to be erected, for the Security of the same, or do any Ad, Matter, or Thing, to prejudice or annoy the same: And if any such Prejudice or Annoyance shall be done, the Matter thereof shall be examined into by the said Trustees hereby appointed, or by virtue of this Act to be appointed, from time to time, or any two or more of them, who are hereby impowered, for every such Offence, to impose any Fine or Fines upon every or any Person or Persons so offending, not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, which the said Trustees, or any two or more of them, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any two or more of them, shall, for that Purpose, name or appoint, are hereby impowered to levy and raise by Distress and Sale of the respective Goods and Chattels of every or any such Offender or Offenders, rendering to him or them the Overplus, if any there be, and he, she, or they, shall demand the same; and the said Fine or Fines, when levied, shall be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any two or more of them, shall direct and appoint to receive the same, to be applied as herein after directed.

XIII. And, for the more orderly Government of the said Port and Harbour, and for the better pre-- serving the same, and the Pier or Piers, and other Works, now erected, or hereafter to be erected, there,

from Prejudice or Damage, be it enacted, That the Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall have Power and Authority, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, to nominate and appoint, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, a Person or Persons as they shall think proper, with such annual Allowance or Salary out of the Rates and Duties by this Act granted and made payable as they shall think fit, not exceeding ten Pounds per Annum; and such Person or Persons so appointed shall, from time to time, order and require all and every or any Person or Persons having the Command or Rule of any Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, entering into, lying, being, or abiding, within the said Port or Harbour of Saint Ives, to lie, anchor, moor, and ballast, the same, in such proper Place or Places of the said Harbour, as the said Person or Persons so appointed shall order, assign, or direct, for that Purpose; provided that the Person or Persons so appointed shall, to the best of his or their Skill and Knowledge, order or require such Ship, Bark, or Vessel, to lie, anchor, moor, or ballast, in a Place of Safety: And in case any Person or Persons then having the Rule or Command of any Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, shall neglect or refuse.so to do, he and they, and each of them, for such Neglect or Refusal, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds; to be recovered and applied in Manner herein after directed,

XIV. And be it further enacted, That for the better effecting and Support of the Premises, there shall, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, be paid to the said Trustees and their Successors, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall, from time to time, appoint as their Deputy or Deputies, Receiver or Receivers, to collect: and receive the same.; and they the said Trustees and their Successors, and such Person or Persons as they, or any five Or more of them, shall, from time to time, appoint as aforesaid, are hereby authorised and impowered to demand, collect, receive, and take, of and from the Masters and Owners, Mailer and Owner,

6 or

A.D. 1767. Anno leptfaro Gfcoftbn III. C. 52, 409

err other Person or Persons having the fcule or Command of every Ship, Baric, or Other Vessel, the several Rate* and Duties following 5 that is to say,

For the Keelage of every British Boat that comes into the faifl Port of Saint Ives, the Sum of one Shil- and l?ng; and of every British Sloop or Vessel of twenty Tons Earthen, and upwards, the Sum of oneDutie,f Shilling and six Pence; and of every British Sloop or Vessel of thirty Tons Burthen, the Sum of two Shillings, and of every British Sloop or Vessel upwards of thirty Tons Burthen, the Sum of three Shillings; and of every British Sloop or Vessel of sixty Tons Burthen and upwards, the Sum of four Shillings and six Pence; and of every British Sloop or Vessel of one hundred Tons Burthen and upwards, the Sum of six Shillings; and of every British Sloop or Vessel of two hundred Tons Burthen and upwards, the Sum of eight Shillings 5 and for the Ballasting of every British Sloop or Vessel of thirty Tons, the Sum of two Shillings; and of every British Sloop or Vessel upwards of thirty Tons, the Sum of three Shillings; and of every British Sloop or Vessel of one hundred Tons and upwards, the Sum of six Shillings; and of every British Sloop or Vessel of two hundred Tons and upwards, the Sum of eight Shillings; and for every British Sloop or Vessel which shall fail Into the said Port, and shall neither load or unload there, the oum of one Penny per Ton, according to their Light Bills; and for every Foreign Ship or Vessel, not bound to the said Port, Double the Rates and Duties herein before enumerated, laid, and directed to be taken; and for every Hogshead of Pilchards cured within the said Port, laid on board, landed, or discharged out of any Ship or Vessel, in the said Port, Tin in Barrels, every large Mast forty Feet in Length and upwards, every Hogshead of Foreign Oil, Hogshead of Wine, or En^lish Spirits, Ton of Hemp, rack of Wick Yarn, Hundred Weight of Cane, Stone, anflPlafter, one Shilling, and so in proportion for greater or lesser Quantities; and for every hundred of Deal Boards under twenty Feet, and so in proportion for any other Deal Boards, nine Pence \ and for every Roll of Tobacco not exceeding twenty Pounds, every Fardall of Ware, hundred Weight of Brimstone, Bag of Nails, Firkin of Butter, hundred Weight of Lutnp or Loaf Sugar, Ton of Lime, Case or Crate of Glass, TYail of Figs or Other Goods, Barrel, Box>

Or Bag of Starch, Allom, or Copperas, hundred Weight of Cheese, Barrel of Vinegar, WeyoF British Salt, hundred Weight of Wool or Cotton, Ton of empty Cask, Hogshead of Apples or Pears, Bag of Small Nuts, every Dozen of Goats, Sheep, Kid, or any other Kind of Skins, two Pence,; and for every Block of Tin, Loadof Oak, Deal, Plank, or any Sort or Timber, evety Sheep, every End of Hops, Hogshead of Cyder or Perry, tfcoufand of Bricks, Maun of Hats or other Goods, Basket or Box of Glasses or Bottles, and every hundred Weight of Tobacco, four Pence; and for every Wey of Coals, Culm, or Cinders, Ton of Copper or other Ore, Chest or Box of Candles or Sope, every Barrel of Herrings cured within the said Port, Dozen of Small Spars, Bag of Flour, hundred Weight of Glue^ hundred of any Kind of Horns, Gross of Bottles, hundred Weight of Gunpowder, hundred Weight of Feathers, hundred Weight of Dye Stuff, Dozen of Oars, or Crate of Earthen-ware, three Pence; and for every hundred Weight of unrefined Sugar, hundred Weight of Molasses, Jug of any Oil, Turpentine, or Varnish, Angle Hides, Quarter of any Grain except Wheat, Ton of Lime Stones, hundred Weight of fine Copper,

Truss or Barrel of Tanners Rinds or Bark, every Case of Liquor, Coil of Rope under one hundred Weight, Barrel of Pipe Clay, Chest or Box of Pipes, Cask of Molasses under ten Gallons, Side of Pork or Bacon, Quintal of Dry rish, Bag of Seeds, Pepper, Pimento, Ginger, Dozen of Lanterns, Ream of Writing Paper, DbZen Pounds of Flax, and every Pack of Charcoal, one Penny; and for every Hogshead of Tram Oil imported, Hogshead of Ale or Beer, Ton of Oakum, one thousand 6f Oranges or Lemons,

Bullock or Horse, six Pence; and for every Ton of Iron, every Pocket of Hops, Ton of Rice, and Dicker of Leather, eight Pence; and for every Ton of Tallow, and every Butt of Sack, one Shilling and six Pence; and for every Box or Bag of Goods not exceeding twenty Pounds Weight, every Piece of Foreign Sail Cloth, Quarter of Wheat, Barrel of Pitch, Tar, or Rosin, thousand of Walnuts or Chesnuts, three Halfpence; and for every Hogshead of Foreign Spirits, two Shillings; and for every thousand of Helling Stones, hundred Weight of rig, Sheet, or Bar Lead, Ream of Brown or Whited-brown Paper, every Dozen of Stockings, and every Grinding Stone, a Halfpenny; and for every Bundle of Hoops, one Far* thing; and for all other Goods and Merchandizes brought or carried Coastwise, not herein before enume* rated or included, one eighth Part in the Freight of the said Goods and Merchandize; and for all Goods and Merchandize, not particularly rated, that shall be brought from, qr carried to, Foreign Parts, one Penny in the Pound of the Value of such Goods so imported or exported.

XV. Provided, That all Goods imported, exported, brought, or carried Coastwise, for the Use of the Pro^ifr. Fishery, and all Train Oil, being the Produce of the Fish cured within the Port, shall be free of all the aforesaid Rates or Duties.

XVI. Provided always, That the Place called BoJJit's Cove% or Portreath Harbour, which, though ten 3jrt*e:\ Co»«

Miles distant from Saint Ives, is deemed to be within the said Port, shall not be considered as within or ll0fl

as Part of the Port of Saint Ives, for the Purposes of this Act *, but the said Cove or Harbour, together Dut,c* with its Trade, Fisheries, and Merchandize whatsoever, and all Ships, Boats, and other Vessels, passing

to, in, or from, the said Cove or Harbour, together with their Cargoes of what Kind soever, shall remain free and exempt from all Rates, Duties, and Payments, made payable by this Act; except such as are hereby imposed on Ships and other Vessels bound to and from other Ports or Places not lying within the

Port of Saint Ives.

XVII. And, to the Intent the said Rates and Duties maybe truly answered and paid, be it further No Ship-to be enacted, That no Collector, Customer, Collector of his Majesty's Customs, Comptroller, Receiver ofclca, wl |U! Entries, or Ships Surveyor or Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer of the Customs whatsoever, belonging to ^UUCI v*1*

10 0» 2*

Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

the said Port of Saint Ives, shall, at any Time after the said twenty-fourth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, give or make out any Cocquet or other Discharge, or take any Report outwards for any Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, or permit any Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, to go out of the said Port ('except that Part thereof known by the Name of Bajfet’s Cove, or Portreath Harbour aforesaid) until the Master or Ownfcr, or other Person or Persons having the Rule or Command of such Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, shall produce a Certificate from the Collector or Collectors, to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, that the Rates and Duties by this Act granted are paid, or secured to be paid; which said Certificate the said Collector or Collectors is and are hereby required to give without Fee or Reward: And that any Collector, Customer, Collector of his Majesty's Customs, Comptroller, Receivers of Entries, or Ships Surveyor or Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer of the Customs whatsoever, making Default in any of the Premises injoined by this Act, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, nor more than one Imparlance; one Moiety of such Forfeiture to be to the Use of the Person or Persons who shall prosecute, sue for, and recover the same; and the other Moiety thereof to be paid inta the Hands of the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall direct, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XVIII. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge any of the Ships or Vessels of War belonging to his present Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, with any the Duties granted by this Act; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XlA. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Part of the Rates and Duties hereby granted shall be collected or levied, until the Sum of two thousand Pounds shall have been agreed to be subscribed or advanced upon the Credit and for the Purposes mentioned in this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That if, at the Expiration of three Years from the Commencement of this Act, there shall not be a proper and sufficient Pier erected of at lead twenty Fathoms in Length, and also a convenient Pool or Bason completed, with a Depth of Water of at lealt sixteen Feet pt Spring Tides, for the safe and commodious Reception and Protection of forty Ships or other Vessels at the same Time of the Burthen of eighty Tons each; then, and in such Case, after Repayment of the Money borrowed on the Credit of this Act, and all Interest due thereupon, all Rates and Duties payable by this Act shall absolutely tceafe, determine, and be discontinued, until the said Pier be erected, and the said Bason completed in Manner aforesaid.

XXI. And, to the Intent the said Rates and Duties imoofed by this Act may be more effectually collected and levied, be it further enacted, That in case any Owner or Matter, or other Person, having the Rule or Command of any Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, charged or chargeable with the Rates and Duties granted by this Act, shall refuse to pay the same; then, and in such

' Case, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, and their Successors, or such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint to be their Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, or any or either of them, from time to time, to go on board such Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, to demand, collect, and receive, the same; and for Nonpayment thereof, to take and distrain every such Ship or Vessel, and all her Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, thereto belonging, or any Part thereof, or all or any Part of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, chargeable with the said Rates and Duties, or in respect whereof such Rates and Duties shall be payable as aforesaid, either on board such Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, or on Land, and the same to detain until he or they be satisfied and paid the respective Rates and Duties; and in case of any Neglect or Delay in Payment of the said Rates and Duties, for the Space of three Days after any Distress or Dittrcfles, so taken as aforesaid, that then it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Trustees, and their Successors, and such Person or Persons as they shall appoint as aforesaid their Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, to cause the same to be appraised by two or more swornAp-praisers, or other sufficient Persons, and afterwards to fell the said Distress or Distresses, and therewith to satisfy him or themselves, as well for and concerning the respective Rates and Duties so neelefted or delayed to be paid, and for which such Distress or Distresses shall be so taken as aforesaid, as also for his or their reasonable Charges in taking, keeping, appraising, and felling, such Distress; rendering to the Matter or other Person, having the Rule and Command of the Ship or Vessel, in, to, or from, which such Distress shall be so taken or belong, the Overplus, if any there shall be. p"fo"s ellJ^ing

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Master, Commander, or Owner of any Ship, Bark, or continuecharge. other Vessel, shall, at any Time after the Rates and Duties by this Act charged shall become payable, elude or avoid the Payment thereof by any Method whatsoever; such Master, Commander, or Owner, of such Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, shall stand charged with and be liable to the Payment of the same; and the same shall be recovered from such Master or Owner by the same Method by which Fines and Penalties imposed by this Act are herein after directed to be levied and recovered.

Person*obflrua-

XXIII. And to the Intent that the Duties by this Act directed to be ascertained by the Tonngeof any ing the meafor. Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, may be truly ascertained and paid, be it further enacted, That in case the Collector or Collectors of the said Duties, or such other Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any two or more of therm shall nominate and appoint for that Purpose, and the Master or other Person having Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel charged with the said Duty, cannot otherwise agree about and adjnil the Tonage of any such Ship, Bark, or other Vessel; that then, and so often, it shall and may he lawful for the said Collector or Collectors, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, from time to time, and nt all times convenient and seasonable, to enter into such Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, and to

adraeafure

King’s Ships exempt.

No Rate to be collected till 20001. are subscribed.

If the Pier, See. ia riot completed in 3 Years, Rates to cease.

Power of Distress for Nonpayment of Ikate*.

ing of Ships, to be fined.

CollectorSi to \ enter into and xpcaljire Ships,

4*i

A.D. 176;. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 52.

admeasure the same according to the Directions of this Act; and if any Commander or other Officer of any Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, or any other Person whatsoever, shall obstruct or hinder any Person or Persons employed by the said Trustees to admeasure any Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, in pursuance of this Act, in order to ascertain the Duty of Tonage hereby charged; such Commander or other Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, to be levied, recovered, and disposed of, in Manner herein after mentioned,

XXIV. And be it further enacted and declared, That all Ships, Barks, and other Vessels, liable to, How th€ DutJps and charged with the Payment of the Duty of Tonage by this Act imposed, shall, if necessary for afeer- of Tonage flmil taining the same, be measured in Manner following; (that is to say) by taking the Length of the Keel of be afcciuined, every such Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, so much as she treads on the Ground; and the Breadth within

Board, by the Midship Beam, from Plank to Plank; and Half that Breadth shall be accounted for the Depth of every Ship, Bark, or other Vessel; and then the Length so taken, being multiplied by the Breadth so taken, and the Product thereof by the said accounted Depth, and the Whole divided by Ninety-four, the Quotient shall give and be deemed the true Contents of the Tonage; according to which Method and Rule all Ships, Barks, and other Vessels, shall be measured, and the said Duty of Tonage thereby be computed and collected accordingly; any Custom, Practice, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And, to the End a sufficient Sum of Money may speedily be raised for the Purposes aforesaid, Trustees may and for the better securing the Repayment of the same; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be borrowMonc/i lawful for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby impowered by Indenture

or Writing under their Hands and Seals, to convey, assign, and assure, the Rates and Duties granted by th is Act, or any Part thereof, as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money by them to be borrowed, not exceeding the Sum of ten thousand Pounds, for the Ends and Purposes aforesaid, to any Person or Persons,

Natives or Foreigners, or Bodies Politick or Corporate, that shall or will lend or advance the same* for securing the Payment thereof with Interest; which said Sum shall be paid into the Hands of the Trustees, or of the Treasurer or Treasurers by them appointed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Assignment Aflienme-f' or Alignments of the aforesaid Rates and Duties shall be made by the said Trustees, or any five or more transferable, of them, as a Security or Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money lent by him, her, or them, on the

Credit of the said Rates and Duties, and his, her, or their Assignee or Assignees, may, and are hereby impowered, from time to time, to transfer or Mfign over such Security or Securities, and all the Monies that shall be due thereon, to any other Person or Persons.

XXVII. And whereas it may be thought expedient by the Trustees appointed to put this Act in Exe- cution to borrow Money upon the Credit of the said Duties, towards raising the aforesaid Sum of ten thousand Pounds, by granting Annuities for Life it is hereby further declared and enacted, That it shall Money may t* and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to contribute, advance, and pay, into the Hands of raised determined by Annui. the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more ofticsat 8l. 10 them, shall, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, authorise to receive the same, any Sum or Sums of per Contf* Money, not exceeding the said Sum of ten thousand Pounds in the Whole, for the absolute Purchase of Annuities; to be paid and payable for the natural Life or Lives of such Contributor or Contributors respectively, or the natural Life or Lives of such other Person or Persons as shall be nominated by or on behalf of such respective Contributors at the Time of Payment of their respective Contribution Monies; so as the said Annuities do not exceed the Sum of eight Pounds ten Shillings per Annum for every one hundred Pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Sum to be advanced and paid as aforesaid: All Annuities whet* which said Annuities, and also the Interest for such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be advanced by way payable, of Loan on the said Rates and Duties, shall be payable and paid by the said Trustees, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, at the Bank of England, or at such other Place in the City of London as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall direct, to the Purchasers or Lenders of the same, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, at such Times and in such Proportions as shall be agreed upon between the said Purchasers or Lenders and the said Trustees.

XXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That there shall be provided by the said Trustees and kept pur.

one or more Book or Books, in which shall be fairly written in Words at Length the Names and Surnames, chafer* of An* with the proper Additions, and Places of Abode, of all such Persons who shall be Purchasers of any of the nuitic* to be en* Annuities aforesaid, and of all Persons by whose Hands the said Purchasers shall pay in any Sum or Sums of tCTcJ m a Book, Money upon this Act, together with the Name or Names, and Places of Abode of such Person or Persons &c* for whose Life or Lives the said Annuity or Annuities shall be purchased; and also the Sum or Sums so and the Purchtfo paid for the Purchase of such Annuities, and the respective Days of Payment thereof; to which Book and Money,

Books it shall and may be lawful for the said respective Purch d'ers, their Executors, Administrators, and Book* to be in* Aligns, and to and for any Person or Persons impowered by them, from time to time, at all seasonable rPcCic<1 Srati* Times, to have Recourse and inspect the same without Fee or Reward: And if any Doubt shall arise as to Mrrhoiofafeer-rhe Life or Lives of any Person or Persons on which an Annuity or Annuities shall be payable by virtue of taming whether this Act; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, when they Annuitants are shall think proper, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to fend one or more Person or Persons, be- ailvc* fore each Payment, to visit such Annuitant or Annuitants; and in case such Person or Persons shall be rc-fused Admittance to the said Annuitant or Annuitants, at any seasonable Time; then, ami in lueh Case, the said Annuity shall, from the Time of such Refusal, ccafc and determine till the Life of such Annuitant or Annuitants shall be proved to the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, at their publick Meeting, either by his, her, or their personal Appearance, or by the Oaths of two credible Witnesses, when

4i a

Annuities charged upon the Duties*

Annuities to be free from Taxes.

Purchaser to have a Receipt, and an Order for Payment.

Sum to be spe-

cified in the Order.

Annuities af-signable.

i

Entry to be made of ail Alignment!.

Annuitants to enter on them oo Default of Payment.

Notice to be given of borrowing Money.

Application of the Money.

C. 52. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

the said Annuity, together with the Arrears thereof, shall be paid to such Annuitant or Aou^tanu, or their Assigns.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said annual Payment of twenty-£ve Pounds to the fai4 Corporation of Saint Ives, and all and every Sum and Sums of Money to be advance^ by way qif Loan i& aforesaid, and the interest payable for the same, and all and every the Annuity or Annuities (a to pe purchased under and by virtue of this Act, shall be, and are hereby charged upon, and shall he paid apd payable from time to time out of the Monies arifina by the said Rates and Duties hereby granted; and all and every Contributor or Contributors upon the Credit of this Act, duly paying the Consideration or Purchase Money for any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, such Person or Persons ai he* or they, shall appoint, his, her, er their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, mail nave, receive, and enjoy, and be intitled by virtue of this Act to have, receive, and enjoy, the respective Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased out of the said Rates and Duties by this Act appropriated and appointee! for the Payment thereof during the Term of the natural Life of the Person to be nominated by each and every such Purchaser and Contributor as above-mentioned; and that all and every such Purchaser and Purchasers, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, shall have good, sure, absolute, and inde-feazable Estates and Interests in the Annuities so by them respectively put chafed, or to be purchased, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and that neither the said annual Payment to the said Corporation of Saint Ives, or any of the said Annuities, shall he fuhjed or liable to any Taxes laid or to be laid by the Authority of Parliament, or otherwise howfpever.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That every Contributor upon this Act for the Purchase of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, his, her, or their Assigns, upon Payment of the Confutation or Purchase Money for the same, or any Part or Proportion thereof, into the Hands of the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall for that Purpose appoint, shall have one or more Receipt or Receipts importing the Receipt of such Purchase Money as shall be so paid; and upon Payment of the Purchase Money for such Annuity or Annuities, every such Contributor or Contributors, his, her, or their Assigns respectively, shall have an Order on Parchment or Vellum for Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities for and during the natural Life of such Person as shall be nominated therein as aforesaid; in which Order shall likewise he inserted how much the Sum pAJ by such Contributor or Annuitant, together with the other Sums paid in on Annuities before that Time, do* really amount to, to the end it may be publickly known how nearly the said Sum of ten thou fund Pounds allowed by this Act to be advanced upon Annuities is complete, and when the said Sum is actually completed 5 which Order shall be made by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, at a publick Meeting; and after the Signing thereof, the same shall, by the Authority of this Act, be firm, good, valid, and eifedual in Law, according to the Purport and Meaning thereof.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Purchaser or Pur-ebafers of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, and his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, at any Time or Times, by Writing under his, her, or their Hands and Seals, to assign such Annuity or Annuities, or any Part thereof, or interest therein, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, when and as often as Need or Occasion shall be or require; and a Memorandum or Entry of all such Assignments, and also of all such Assignments of Securities as shall be made for Money advanced by way of Loan at interest as aforesaid, shall be made in a Hook, which is hereby required to be kept by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall appoint, for that Purpose, at the Charge of the said Trustees, in such Place or Places as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall appoint, in the City of London; which Entry or Memorandum shall be made gratis.

XXXII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That in case the said annual Sum of twenty-five Pounds payable to the said Corporation of Saint Ives as aforesaid, or the said Annuities, or any oftberar or the interest of any Sum or Sums of Money to be advanced by way of Loan as aforesaid, shall be in Ar-rear and unpaid for the Space of forty Days next after any of the Time or Times when the same is, arc, or shall be made payable, the said Rates and Duties shall from thenceforth vest in the said Corporation, or such Person or Persons, to whom such Annuity or Annuities, or interest, shall be so in Arrear as aforesaid, until the same shall be fully paid and satisfied, together with all Costs and Charges occasioned by the Nonpayment of the same; and the said Corporation, and all and every such Person and Persons, shall have the same Power, Right, and Privileges of collecting, receiving, and levying the Ciid Rates, and Duties payable by virtue of this Act, as the said Trustees, or the Collectors or Receivers appointed by them, could have had in case the said Annuities and interest had been regularly and fully paid and satisfied.

XXXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That no Money shall be borrowed or Annuities granted on the Credit of this Act, by the said Trustees, after the first Meeting, unless Notice in Writing tinder the Hands of the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, be, by Order of such Trustees, or any five or more of them, fixed in the Market Place of Saint Ives, at lead ten Days before the borrowing of such Money.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Monies which shall be collected, received, levied, and borrowed, by virtue of this Act, shall be applied, in the first Place, in defraying the Expences incident tv, and incurred in, the obtaining of this Act; and afterwards in defraying the necessary Expences of erecting and building such Pier or Piers as aforesaid, and of improving, preserving, and maintaining, the f.-jd Port and Harbour, and in executing the Purposes of this Act, and to no other Use or Purpose vviut-soever.

A.D. 1767. t Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 52; 413,

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, at their fkft Meeting, or any five or more Trustees to'*P-of them then present, or at any succeeding Meeting, ov Writing under their Hands and Seals, shall and P0^11 ?roP*' may choose and appoint such Person or Persons to be Collector or Collectors of the said Duties granted by u con‘ this as they shall think fit; and also one or more fit Person or Persons to be Surveyor or Surveyors of tt>e said Pott and Harbour, and of the f iers and other Works proposed to be erected for rendering the same commodious and useful for the Reception of Ships and Vessels; and also a Treasurer or General Receiver of the said EHuties, and (uefi other Officer and Officers as they shall think necessary to employ in the Execution of this A£}; 4nd such Person or Persons as is or are made liable to pay the said Rates and Duties, ft*all p^y the same, after the Rates aforesaid, to such Person or Persons as shall, from time to tirne^ be appointed to collect; tn? said Rates and Duties: And the said Trustees shall allow to such Collector or Collectors, Receiver ox Receivers, Treasurer or Treasurers. Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons so by them appointed, such Salaries or Rewards as to the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, shall appear reasonable: And the said Trustees,' or any five or more of them, Officers may be shall hayc iVwef to remove or displace any such Collector, Receiver, Treasurer, Surveyor, or other Person J,fPlaccd-or Person^ whatsoever oy them appointed in pursuance of this Act; and in the Room and Stead of the Person or Persons so displaced* to nominate and appoint, from time to tjme, such other Person or Persons as they shall think proper.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, when-Trustees totuke ever it shall seem to them expedient, take of such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, Treasurer security from or Treasurers, ^nd from such other Person or Persons so to be chosen and nominated, from time to time, CoUc<aor*> &c* as aforesaid, a good and sufficient Security, as well for answering and paying all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be by him or them respectively received, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, under their Hands and Seals, from time to time, order, direct, and appoint, and not Otherwifef and also for his and their giving and making respectively thereof true Accounts in Writing, from titpe to time, when and so often as he or they respectively shall be ordered and reauired by the said Trustees, pr any five or more of them, so to do, of all Monies by him or them respectively received by virtue of this Act, and of all the respective Times of such Receipts, and of all such Monies by him or them respectively difpurfpd, and the respective Times of such Disbursements, and to whom, ana* by what Order.

XXXVII. And be it further pna&ed, That the said Trustees shall take care to have all Receiptsj Pay- Proceed inp, &c, ments, Debts, Credits, and Contrails, made with and by the Artificers and Workmen employed, or to be to be mieiedia employed, in or about the erpcting and building the said Pier or Piers, and the enlarging, nnishing, main- a taining, or preserving* the said Port and Harbour, or any way relating thereto, and also an Account of all Monies received and oprrowed by the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, and all other their Proceedings whatsoever, fairly entered and written in one or more Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; to which Bocks m»y b Book or Books all Persons concerned and interested shall, at any seasonable Times, have free Access, and Perttiedi shall have the Perusal and Inspection thereof gratis, or Copies or Extracts thereof, paying after the Rate of two Pence for every one hundred Wordsand by or out of the Money arising from the Rates and Duties by this Act granted, or by or out of any other Sum or Sums of Money which shall come-into the Hands of the said Trustees, or into the Hands of the Receiver or Receivers to be by them appointed, shall pay and satisfy, or cause to be paid and satisfied, unto the Artificers and Workmen to be employed in and about the building, repairing or maintaining, the said Pier or Piers; Port, Harbour, and Premises, all Sums of Money which shall be justly due to them, or any of them, for the same: And when the said Pier or Piers and to be rr-shall he erected and finirtied, and all other necessary Works shall be done for the commodious receiving amI:ned b.v ll*c. and securingShjps and Vessels in the said Port and Harbour; then every Year, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Cornwall next after the Feast of All Saints, the said r Book or Books, to be kept by the said Trustees, or the Person or Persons whom they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint as aforesaid, shall be produced and shewn to the Justices of the Peace at such Quarter Session, together with proper Vouchers for the Expences and Disbursements, and the Expences and Charges of passing this Act; which said Justices shall state and balance the said Account; and when it On Justices Ceit shall appear to such Justices, and be certified by them then present, or the major Part of them, that the said that all Trustees are by the said Duties fully reimbursed the Principal Monies by them borrowed and laid, out for ^b2fed*DuSr: the Purposes aforesaid, together with all Interest and Charges attending the same; and that a sufficient ^cease.

Sum of Money shall he raised for the future Support of the said Pier, and for keeping the said Port and Harbour in Repair'; then all and singular the said respective Duties hereby granted shall, in respect of all British Ships, sloops, Boats, or Vessels, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, cease and determine; and the Rates and Duties hereby granted in respect of Foreign Ships and Vessels shall only then continue, and be collected and paid as aforesaid, for keeping the said Pier or Piers and other Works in good and sufficient Repair, and for maintaining, keeping, and preserving, the said Port and Harbour.

XXXVIII. Provided always, That no Warrant, Mortgage, Assignment, Transfer, or any other Writ-Writing* to be ing whatsoever, in pursuance of, or relating to, the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, shall be without stamp* subject to any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Person appointed, or to be appointed, a Trustee for put- KoTmfleeto ing in Execution this Act* or any of the Trusts or Powers aforesaid relating to the said Port and Harbour Vp *2y l*ijcc of Saint Ives* shall be capable of having any Office or Place of Profit arising, or to ar.fe, determined by any of the ?rrul7cc*to puties aforesaid: And the said Trustees shall, at all such Meetings, defray their own Changes and Y x- fr ow*

pi I1CCS; E*j*ocej.

4i+

Peoaltiei and Forfeitures how Co be recovered and applied.

For want of Did refs. Offender to be committed.

Merlons aggrier. ed, may appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

Distrest to be kept s Day.,

and may be redeemed within that Time.

Limitation of Adlioai.

Ceneral I flue.

[Publick Act.]

Treble Costt.

C. 52. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

pcnces; and shall give such publick Notice of all their Meetings as shall, from time to time, be agreed upon by them, or any five or more of them.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by this Act incurred, or authorised to be imposed or levied (the Manner of levying and Recovery whereof is not otherwise hereby particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of any two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Cornwall\ or for the Place or Places where such Offence shall be committed (which Warrant or Warrants the said Justices are hereby impowered and required to make, upon the Information of any one or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath; which Oath the said Justices are hereby impowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward) 5 and such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, when recovered (after rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold, the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted) shall go and be applied, and laid out, if not otherwise directed tol)e applied and disposed of by this Act, for and towards the Execution of the Purposes of this Act: And for want of sufficient Distress, the said Justices, or any two or more of them, are hereby impowered and required to commit the Person or Persons so convicted to the Common Gaol of the said County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, there to remain for the Space of one Month, or until Payment of the respective Forfeitures shall be made.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall think themselves aggrieved by the Order or Judgement of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, upon Account of any Offence or Offences committed or supposed to be committed against this Act, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Cornwall, at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace to be held within the Space of six Calendar Months after such Cause of Appeal shall happen; the Person or Persons so appealing first giving Security, to the Satisfaction of the said Justice or Justices, to prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and to pay the Costs which shall be ascertained by the said General or Quarter Session, in case such Orders or Judgements shall be affirmed; and the Justices, at such General or Quarter Session, are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine such Appeal, and to make such Order, therein, and to award such Costs as to them shall appear just; which Order shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and shall not be removed or removeable by any Writ of Certiorari, or otherwise, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; and that no Order or Proceeding to be had or made by or before any Justice of the Peace, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Part of the Goods and Chattels to be at any Time distrained by virtue of this Act (other than such Distress or Distresses as shall be made for Nonpayment of the Rates and Duties by this Act granted) shall be fold till the Expiration of five Days from the Day upon which such Goods and Chattels shall be distrained 5 and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons convicted* at any Time before the Expiration of the said five Days, to redeem such Goods and Chattels by Payment of the Money for which the same shall have been so distrained, together with the Costs and Charges of making such Distress.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act in relation to the Premises, that in every such Case such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the County or Place where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in every such Action or Suit so to be brought, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Actions shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place, that then the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants have or hath for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be judged, deemed, and taken to be, a publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomso* ever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP.

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 4*5

CAP. LIII.

An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the South For" Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level, and in the c.*.7' County of Cambridge, between the River Cam, other wise Grant, Weft, and the Hardlaods of Botlisham, Swaffham-Bulbcck, and SwaffbatihPrior, East; and for impowering the Gover- 30 Geo. 2. c. 3 5* nor. Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the 33 Geo. -«3* Fens commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called lnvested Lands.

WHEREAS certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in that Part of the Great Level of the FtensPreimWe.

called the Scuth Level* lying and being in the Tottnship of Swaffham Prior, and in the several Parishes of Fen Ditton, Horningfea, £htoi> Bottijharn, and Swaffham Bulbeck, in the County of Cambridge,

containing in the Whole seven thousand Acres or thereabouts; about fifteen hundred Acres whereof are Common, and the rest are Severals, and which are bounded as follows; to wit. From the Ferry-place at Clayhithe, between the upper and lower Parts of the inclosed Grass Grounds at the Bottom of Clayhithe Field, called Hardridge (most of them being divided about the Middle by Quicks and Hedges) to Common Hardridge Gate 5 and then along the Outring Ditch of North Hill Cloles next Hardridge Common 4 (including all the said Common) to nottisham Load, at a certain Place called Barr*Hill; and round from thence between the upper and lower Parts of Sheep-North Hill Grounds, and of the inclosed Grass c Grounds called the Rough, which lie on the North West Side of the Common Rough (most of the said

inclosed Rough Grounds being divided about the Middle by Quicks and Hedges) and are all on the South,

East Side of Clayhithe Field; and then eroding the Common Droveway, from a Gate thereupon*

in a straight Line over Horningfea Herdwalk, to an Holt at the upper End of an inclosed Ground of Thomas Panton Esquire, now in the Occupation of Thomas Groin; and along the said Holt to the hundred Acres of Adventure Land taken out of the High Fen; and so along the Outring Ditch, on the North West and South West Sides of the said Adventure Land, to an inclosed Ground of John Martin Esquire,

in £>uoi (a small Part whereof is Skirt Land, and the rest Fen) 5 and then by the Edge of the Skirt Part of the said Ground, and along a Ditch between the upper and lower Parts of another Ground of the said John Martin Esquire, to the High-Fen Droveway leading from Horningfea to £>uoi; and crofting the said Droveway, by the lower End of a Ground of the said John Martin Esquire, now in the Occupation of Mary Leach, to Lands of Thomas Panton Esquire, in Fen Ditton, called the Ru/h Grounds y and round the tipper Sides and Ends of the said Rulh Grounds, and lower Ends of other adjoining Lots (including the same) to a Lot belonging to Soame Jenyns Esquire; and up the Outring Ditch on the West Side

thereof to Black Ditch Drove, and then by the said Drove to the Black Ditch; and up the same South- ward to the next Division Ditch on the j$uoi Side; and along the last mentioned Ditch to the Skirts of the Uplands of Quoi-Hall; and then round the said Skirts to the afore-mentioned Droveway leading from Horningfea to £htoi; and so up the said Droveway to the low Droveway next the Fen; and then.

along the last mentioned Droveway, and straight on from the upper End thereof to Bottijharn Load Mill Dam; and so by the North Bank of the said Mill Dam to Dam Droveway; and by the said Droveway and Load Drove way to Bettisham Load; and then along the South West Bank of the said Load Eastward to the Common Gate below the Mill there; and so round the Skirts of the Uplands next the Outring Ditch of Bottijharn Common, to a certain Gate called Cranneys Gate; and from thence up Cranney%-4 Droveway to the inclosed Pasture Grounds of Soame Jenyns Esquire, called the Holmes; and then round the South West Side of the said Grounds and Skirts of the other Inclosures there to Docking Droveway y c and along the said Droveway to the Corner of the eight Acres of inclosed Pasture next to Bottijharn Piece; and from thence in a straight Line over the said Piece, and the one hundred Acre Droveway, by the South End of Lady Downing's Forty Acres, to the Bridge called Cow Bridge; and so directly across Swaffham Bulbcck Common to the Ditch at the Corner of the Abbey Clofcs by the Fen Gate; and then along the said Ditch or Run of Water to the Croyl Gate; and so by the said Run of Water, under the c Skirts of the Highland, to Low Bridge Hole, at the Bottom of Swaffham Prior Town; and from thence*.

croiling the IVhteway Droveway, along the Ditch at the South End of Low Bridge Hole Dolver to the Driest Drove way; and then by the Ditch or Run of Water at the Bottom of Master Allix's Meadow*

and along the Skirts of the Cakei’s and other High Lands, to the Skirts of the Hardlands of Swaffham Prior Ditch Field; and thrn along the Skirts of the Hardlands at the Edge of the said Field to the End of Reach Town next the Fen; and so by the Point of the Dock to an ancient Sewer called Reach Olet Load; and then along the said Sewer to a certain Place called Powt Hall; and from thence along the present navigable Cut, called Burivell New Road, to the Fait Bank of the River Cam, otherwise Grant;

and by the said Bank to the Ferry Place at Clayhithe aforesaid; have for several Years past been, and still are, commonly overflowed with Waters, through the Defect of their Outfalls to the Sea, by which Means the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds are rendered of little or no Value, to the Loss of the Public^, as

well as the great Damage and Impoverishment of the Owners of such Lands, and of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Places where the same do lie: And whereas the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds.

Capnot be drained and preserved without the Aid of Parliament:’ Therefore* to the End the said Fen«

8. Laud*

416

Commissioners.

’First Commis-Moncis,

Penalty on Commissionert not qualified atting.

"C. 53. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

Lands and Low Grounds may be drained, improved, and preserved. May it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the several and respective Manors. of Fen Ditton with Homingjea, Stow with Quoi, Anglesea in Bottisham, and Mitchell Hall in Swaffhatn Bui-heck, for the time being, or in his, her, or their Absence, thefr several respective Deputies appointed by Writing under their respective Hands; an Agent appointed by the Dean and Chapter of Ely under their Common Seal; two Persons* being Owners or Occupiers of Lands or Common Rights in each of the Parishts of Fen Ditton, Horningfea, and iVuoi\ three Persons, being Owners or Occupiers of Lands or Common Rights in each of therarishes oxBottiJhdm and Swaffhatn nulbeck; and five Persons, being Owners or Occupiers of Lands in the Township of Swaffham Prior, hereby nominated and to be chosen as herein afterwards directed, shall be Commissioners for putting this Act, and all the Powers and Authorities herein after contained, in Execution.

II. And be itjfiirther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Soame Jenyns Esquire, and fftHiam Curtis Gentleman, shall be the first Commissioners for the said Parish of Fen Ditton; that Jonathan Fifon and John Cockle Gentleman, shall be the first Commissioners for the said Pali(h of Horningfea \ that Thomas Graves and Thomas Muggleton Gentlemen, shall be the first Commissioners for the said Parish of Quoi \ that Charles Gould Esquire* Thomas Newman, and Thomas Dennis, Gentlemen, shall be the first Commissioners for the said Parish of Bottisham; that Peacock Rickard, Thomas Appleyard, and Edmund Beeten, Gentlemen, shall be the first Commissioners for the said Pariflrof Swaffham BulUck; and that William Ingle and Charles Allix Esqurres, William Collier Clerk, Richard Eaton, and William Poult on. Gentlemen, shall be the first Commimoners for the said Township of Swaffham Prior: And jhat the said Persons shall continue Commissioners in respect of Lands lying in the said Township and Parishes respectively, until the first WedneJ-day in April, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine; and that all such Persons as shall be, bona fide, seised or possessed of five Acres of Land, or One Common Right, taxed by virtue of this Act, shall and may meet in the Churches of their respective Towns, upon the first Wed* nefdaysn April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, and upon the first Wednesday in April in every second (ucceeding Year and shall and may chuse, as they, or the mayor Part of them, so met and there present, can agree, the same Number Of Owners or Occupiers of Land, or Common Rights, in the Township or Parrfh in respect whereof they shall be so chosen as herein before mentioned, to be Com-rtrissioners, togettoerwfth the other Persons above described, for putting this Act in Execution; and in cafo Neglect 6r Default shall be made in the chusing as aforesaid such Persons qualified as herein after mentioned to be Commissioners in respect of the said Township, or either of the said Parishes, that then the Persons who were Commissioners in respect of the said Township, Parish or Parishes, where such Neglect Or Default shall happen in the preceding Year, shall continue Commissioners, in respect of the same, until other Commissioners shall be chosen as aforesaid in respect thereof upon the first Wednesday in April in the next or some succeeding Second Year 5 and in case only Part of such Number of Owners or Occupiers, as is above directed to be chosen in respect of the said Township, or either of the said Parishes, shall be so chosen, then it shall be lawful for the Owners or Occupiers who were Commissioners in the preceding Year, in respect of the Township or Parish where only Part shall be chosen as aforesaid, or the major Part of them; to determine which of the Commissioners in the preceding Years shall act in the then next two Years with the new Commissioners chosen as aforesaid; and if they shall not determine the same within one Week next after such Choice of Part of such Number, then it shall be lawful for all the rest of the Commissioners appointed to put this Act in Execution, at their then next Meeting to be held as hereafter mentioned, or the major Part of them there present, to make such Determination as aforesaid: And in case any Person or Persons chosen to be Commissioner or Commissioners by any of the Ways or Means aforesaid, shall die or be disqualified, during the Time of his or their being a Commissioner or Commissioners as aforesaid; then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Persons so seised or possessed of five Acres of Land, or One Common Right as aforesaid, lying in the Township, Parish or Parishes, in respect whereof the Person or Persons so dying, or becoming disqualified, was or were Commissioner or Commissioners, to meet at the respective Places above mentioned. Notice in Writing of such Meeting being affixed on the Outside of the Door of the Churches respectively where the said Meeting is to be, five Days at least before such Meeting, and to chuse an Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, qualified as herein after mentioned, to be Commissioner or Commissioners in the Place of the Person or Persons so dying, or becoming disqualified.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Person shall be qualified to act as a Commissioner for putting this Act in Execution, who is not seised or possessed of thirty Acres of Land, or Three Common Rights, within the Limits of the Fen Lands and Low Grounds aforesaid, and shall pay the Taxes charged by this Act for the same; and if any Person not so qualified shall presume to act as a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds; to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, by any Person who will inform or sue for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and in which Action or Suit it shall be only necessary for the Plaintiff or Informer to prove that the Defendant acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act; and a Verdict shall be found against the Defendant, unless he shall prove in his Defence, that he was, at the Time of his so acting, qualified according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

IV. And,

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 53* 417

IV. And, for the better putting this Act in Execution, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Two Meeting# That the Uid Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall meet twice in every Year; videlicet, upon ^helUnU the second Wednesday in ///>ri7, and the second Wednesday in October, and at such other Time or Times as *car‘

they shall see Cause or think convenient, and in such Place, in one of the Town3 aforementioned, as shall be appointed by any five or more of the said Commissioners, by Notice in Writing signed by any five or more of them, and affixed upon the Church-door or Church-yard Gate of every the respective Town or Pariftes six Days at least before any such Meeting (the said Notices being first read in the respective Churches on some Lord’s Day immediate'y after Divine Service ended); the first Meeting to be at the Su.au in Bctujh;im> upon the third Wednesday after the passing this Act; but the said Commissioners may, from time to time, adjourn themselves, and meet again pursuant to such Adjournment, as often as they shall think proper, without giving such Notice as aforesaid.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That towards defraying the Expences of the said Allowmce to Commissioners, upon Account of their Attendance at any the Meetings to be held as aforesaid for putting Commissioners. this Act in Execution, a Sum not exceeding one Shilling shall be paid by the Collector or Receiver of the

Rates and Taxes for each of the said Commissioners present at any such Meeting, and shall be allowed in the Accounts of such Collector or Receiver as so much Money paid for the Purposes of this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five dr Powers of more of them, or their Successors, are hereby authorised, and shall have Power, from time to time, to scour drainim.

ut or stop up and turn such Loads, Cuts, and Drains, and to repair and support such Banks and Sluices,

and also to make such new Cuts, Drains, Dams, Banks, Tunnels, and Outlets through the said Fens and Low Grounds, or any Part thereof, so bounded and described as aforesaid, and to erect such Works and Engines thereupon for draining and conveying the Waters from the same; and further to take and use such Earth and Ground near or adjoining to the said Banks as shall be necessary for the making, railing, flrengrhening, and maintaining thereof, as the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, assembled at such Meeting or Meetings as aforesaid, shall think necessary and proper; and also to make Orders and

Eive Directions for carrying on, and for the better Government and more orderly Management of all the iid Works, and the Maintenance thereof.

VII. Provided always, That if the said Commissioners shall make, or cause to be made, any Bank, Cut, SatliftAJon tm Drain, Dam, Tunnel, Outlet, or other Work, in or through any Lands or Grounds within the Limits b« made for aforesaid; or erect or make, or cause to be erected or made, any Engine or Engines, or other Work there- Damage#, upon, or shall take or use any Earth or Ground thereout, they shall pay such a reasonable Satisfaction to the Person or Persons having Right to the said Grounds in or through which such Bank, Cut, Drain,

Dam, Tunnel, Outlet, or other Work shall be made, or whereupon such Engine or Engines, or other Work, shall be erected, or from whence such Earth or Ground shall be taken or used for the Damage done thereby, as shall be agreed upon between the said Commissioners assembled as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, such major Part not being less than five, and the Person or Persons having Right to such several Grounds; and if the said Commissioners and such Persons cannot agree about the Value of such Dama.e, then as shall be act'efled and adjudged reasonable by the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them not inferested in the Premises, or in the Fen Lands to be drained by virtue of this Act, at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace to be held for the said County of Cambridge, within twelve Months after such Damage shall bf* done.

VIII. Provided also, That if the said Commissioners shall find it more convenient for the Draining, to Negation# not turn either Bottisham, Swaflbam Bulbeck, or Reach, Loads, they shall turn them into their ancient Channels to be changed, reflectively, and not otherwise; and in such Case shall cause the respective old Load to be sufficiently ' scoured out for Navigation as soon as conveniently may be.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five Commissioners or more of them, assembled at any such Meeting or Meetings to be held as aforesaid, shall have full Power, nuv appoint and are hereby authorised, to appoint one or more Collector or Collector?, Receiver or Receivers, and Dfhcen. such other proper Officer or Officers, with such reasonable Salaiics for making and taking Care of such Works, and for collecting the Rates and Assessments a lie fled, or to be a tic fled, by virtue of this Act, as the said Commissioners, or the major Part of ihcm (such major Part being not less than five) assembled at such Meeting or Meetings, shall think proper; which said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or other Officer or Officers to be appointed as aforesaid, may be altered and removed at the Will and Pleasure of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them (such major Part being not less than five) assembled at any such Mtetirg or Meetings to be held as aforesaid, who shall and may chufc and appoint another or others in the Room or Stead of the Person or Persons so altered and removed, as they the said Commissioners shall fee Occasion; and such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, and other Officer or Officers, so to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, before he or they shall act in the Execution of their fevcial Offices, shall give such Security for the due and faithful Execution of such their respective Offices, and for performing the several TruAs committed to them, as the said Commissioners in their Discretion shall require.

X. And whereas, for carrying on and effecting the said Work of draining, and securing the Repay- ment of such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be borrowed for that Purpose, it will be necessary that certain Taxes should be laid on all the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, as well the Commons as Scverals: And forasmuch as the same are not only very different in the natural Richness and Barrenness of their Soil, but some Parrs thereof will be more me liorated and improved by being better and more fectirclv drained than others, for which Reason it would be unjuit to charge all the said Fen Lands with

418 C. 53. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

Different Taxes 6n Lands of different Value.

an equal Acre Tax :f Therefore* for preventing this, and that all the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds may be taxed with as much Indifference and Equality as is possible, according to their respective Improvements by the Draining; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds shall be rated and taxed by a gradual Acre Tax of three different Sorts and Values of Land, to be let out as herein after appointed.

XI. But because the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds cannot be so set out and divided into dif- fcrcnt Sorts and Decrees before the Water shall be wholly, or in great Part, drained from off the same ;* Tax for the first it is hereby enacted, That all and singular the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and every the several 4 Ye*t. and respective Owner and Owners, Occupier and Occupiers thereof, and Commoners, having Right of Common upon the commonable Parts thereof, shall be and the same are hereby rated, assessed, taxed, and charged with the Sum of two Shillings per Acre for the first two Years only after passing this Act.

Gradual Tax

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the End of the said first two Years it shall and forward*. may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, such major Part being not less than five, assembled at any Half-yearly Meeting to be held as aforesaid, to assess, rate, tax, and charge all and singular the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and all and every the respective Owner and Owners, Occupier and Occupiers thereof, and Commoners, having Right of Common on the commonable Parts thereof, with such yearly Sum according to the aforementioned gradual Acre Tax, and not otherwise, as they shall judge necessary for compleating and maintaining the aforesaid Works of Draining, so that the Rate or Tax set upon one Acre of Land of the first Sort does not exceed two Shillings, the Rate or Tax set upon one Acre of Land of the second Sort three Shillings, nor the Rate or Tax set upon one Acre of Land of the third Sort exceed four Shillings, in any one Year and so that for every Penny charged upon an Acre of Land of the first Sort, three Halfpence be charged upon an Acre of the second Sort, and two Pence upon an Acre of the third Sort.

Cartam Ta* to

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Taxes so to be assessed, rated, and charged upon be paid till Debt the several Sorts and Degrees of Land shall not be less than one Shilling, one Shilling and six Pence, and

reduced. two Shillings per Acre respectively in each Year, until all the Money which shall be borrowed for the

Purposes of this Act, with the Interest thereof, shall be discharged.

Appointment of XIV. And, to the End the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds may be more equally taxed by the said Surveyor* to gradual Acre Tax, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Henry Morley of Eh Esquire, cUfrLindi. Thomas Jones of Ely Clerk, Richard Dunthorne* Robert Read of Haddenham* IVi lit am Hall of Water beach* Henry Waddelow of Little Port* and Thomas Toompfon of Streatham, Gentlemen, or any three or more of them; or in case of Death or Refusal to act, so that three of them cannot be gotten to undertake the afforting of the said Lands, then three Persons to be appointed by the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, at one of their Half-yearly Meetings, are hereby constituted and appointed to be Surveyors and Valuers of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and are, within three Years next after passing of

this Act, to digest the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, by Schedules in Writing under their Hands,

into three several Sorts or Degrees of Land, according to which the said Taxation is always afterwards to be made; and the said Surveyors or Valuers shall return the Schedule so made to the said Commissioners upon Oath, the Form whereof shall be to the following Effect:

Form of the T J. B. do swear. That, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, I will faithfully discharge

Oath. c the Trust of surveying, forcing, and dividing, the Fen Lands and Low Grounds particularly de-

feribed in an Act of Parliament passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level* and in the County of Cambridge, between the River Cam and the Hard Lands of Bottisham, Swaffham-Bulbeck, and Swaffham-Prior* East; and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level* to fell certain Fen Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, as I, upon my Oath, shall think most equal.

Which Oath the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised to administer; and also to allow unto the said Surveyors or Valuers such reasonable Charges for their Travel and Pains therein as they the said Commissioners shall think fit; and within ten Days after the said Schedule is returned to the said Commissioners (which Return is hereby directed to be made within one Month after the Survey taken, and the different Valuations agreed upon) a true Copy thereof shall be affixed on the Doors of the Churches of the respective Town and Parishes concerned therein, that all Parties aggrieved may take their Exceptions, and give Notice thereof in Writing to the Clerk of the said Commissioners, within thirty Days next after the same shall be so set up; and within forty Days next after such Exceptions taken, may appeal for Relief unto the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, who are hereby required to meet for that Purpose, for altering the said Schedule in the Rates and Values complained of: And in case the said Commissioners shall not, within forty Days after such Appeal, determine the same; or if the Parties shall not be satisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, they may appeal unto the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Session to be. held for the said County of Cambridge* and not afterwards: Which said Justices are hereby authorised and required to hear and finally determine such Complaints, and give Relief therein as they shall see Cause. justicf* ftotto

XV. Provided always, That no Justice of the Peace shall determine on such Appeal, who has any In* a t where uk tcreft in any of the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the Limits set forth and described by this Act. *rellf* 5 XVI. Provided

4 j

A.D. 1767. Anno feprimo Georgii III. c. 5$. 419

XVI. Provided also; That no Assessment, Rate, or Tax, shall be made, collected, or levied, upon or in'* ?non of respect of any High Lands within the Boundaries aforesaid, which have not been subject to Inundations Lan41*-And if any Dispute shall arise whether any such Lands are to be deemed or not deemed High Lands, the same shall be determined upon View, within twelve Months after the passing of this Act, by four indifferent Persons, two of them to be appointed by the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings, and the other two by the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands in Dispute; which said four Persons, before they proceed to determine such Dispute, shall chuse one indifferent Person to determine the same, in case they shall afterwards be equally divided in their Opinions $ neither shall any Lands or Grounds, which are now actually dug out into Hodd or Turf Pools, be assessed or charged with more than one Half of the Tax wherewith other Lands of the same Sort or Degree shall be charged during the first seven Years alter the passing of this Act.

XVII. And whereas the poor Inhabitants of several of the Parishes wherein this District lies, have

certain Commons within the said District wherein they used to die their Winter's Firing: And whereas,

some of the poor Inhabitants of the respective Parishes make confiaerably more Use of the said Commons

than others of them do* by reason whereof, and of the great Number of Poor who use the same, it

would be very difficult to collect the Taxes charged thereupon from the said Poor themselves 5* be it Peer’*

therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for ’° '

putting this Act in Execution, or any five or more of them, to set out by Metes and Bounds one sixth* ,tu Part of each of the said Commons, to be thereafter held in Severalty by the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, and their Successors for ever, who shall have Power and Authority to fever and fence in, and to let the same at any of their Half-yearly Meetings, and shall have the same Powers for recovering Rent in Arrear, as other Landlords have by the Laws^ and Statutes of this Realm; and the Rent9 and Profits thereof shall be allied in common with the Taxes upon other Lands for the making and Maintenance of the several Works of draining.

XVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons so rated and taxed Power of levy* as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to pay the Rate or Tax charged upon him, her, or them rrfpeclively, ln* Ttxc* within the Space of twenty-one Days after the respective Times of Payment to be appointed by the said Commissioners (Publick Notice thereof being affixed upon the Door of the Parish Church where such

Lands shall lie, by the Collector or Receiver of the said Commissioners for the time being) it shall be lawful for such Collector or Receiver, or for any other Person or Persons, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of three or more of the Commissioners; which said Warrant or Precept such Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby impowered and required, from time to time, to make, as Occasion shall require; to levy the Sum or Sums so assessed and rated, by Distress and Sale of such Goods and Chattels as shall be found upon all or any of the Grounds and Premises so charged with any such Sum or Sums of Money, if any Distress can be found thereon $ and in case no Efficient Distress can be found on the Premises, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector or Receiver* or other Person or Persons, by virtue of such Warrant or Precept as aforesaid* to levy the Sum or Sums so rated and in Arrear by Distress and Sale of any Goods and Chattels which shall be found upon any other Lands or Tenements in the Occupation of the Person or Persons charged with such Rates and Taxes, and lying within the Limits above described, and the Goods and Chattels so distrained, to keep by the Space of five Days, at the Cost and Charges of the Owner or Owners thereof $ and if such Owner or Owners shall not, within the said Space of nve Days, pay the Sum or Sums so assessed or rated, that then the Goods and Chattels so distrained shall be appraised by two or more of the Inhabitants of the-Parish where the same shall be taken, or other sufficient Persons, and be sold by the said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, for Payment of the said Money; and the Overplus (if any be) coming by such Sale, after the Sum or Sums so rated and assessed, and the Charges of taking, keeping, and felling the said Distress, are deducted, shall be returned to the Owner or Owners thereof upon Demand; and the several and respective Tenants of all and Angular the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, bounded and described as aforesaid, which are or shall be assessed or rated by virtue of this Act, are hereby required and authorised to pay the Sum and Sums of Money which shall be so assessed and charged upon such Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and to deduct out of the Rent so much of the said Assessment or Rate, as the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds, or the Tenant or Tenants in respect thereof, are or shall be assessed or rated at \ and the Landlords both mediate and immediate, according to their respective Interests, are hereby required to allow such Deduction and Payment, upon Receipt of the Residue of their Rent; and every Tenant paying such Assessment or Rate^ shall be acquitted and discharged for so much Money as the said Assessment or Rate shall amount to, as if the same had been actually paid to the Person or Persons intitled to the Rents of such Lands or Grounds, except where there is a Lease for three or more Years to come, from the Commencement of this Act; in which Case the Proportion of the AssessVnent or Rate which the Tenant ought to bear and pay, in consideration of the Benefit he receives, shall be adjusted and awarded by five or more of the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, who have no interest in the Premiers so in Lease.

XIX. And, to the End the full Sum so rated or assessed may be duly answered and paid, be it enacted rnforontPay by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to p*y, or cause to be nacm of Tum paid to the Collector or Collectors for the time being, the Sum with which he, she, or they, shall he respectively charged, by the Space of two Months after a nerfonal Demand ha h been made thereof, by thrf

said Collector or Collectors; every such Person shall forfeit and pay the further Sum of two Shillings for every twenty Shillings, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum, which shall be so in Arrear and unpaid* to be levied by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, in such Manner as the

420

F«r levying

Taxes on untenacted Prc-Jftifo. 1

For Sale of

&andi.for

Taxes.

For giving Notice to Own^Vs of Lands to be *> id.

Fiovish.

Notice of Sale.

Fower to borrow Money.

Security.

C. 5 3. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

aforesaid Rates, Taxes, or Assessments themselves,'are herein and hereby directed to be levied; and the Money so forfeited and levied, shall be applied towards carrying on the said Works of Draining, and other the Purposes of this Act. 1

XX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That in case any of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds shall at any Time hereafter be untenacted or unoccupied, so that no sufficient Distress can be found for levying the said Rates and Taxes, then the Lands and Grounds chargeable therewith shall always remain a Security for Payment thereof ;and all Goods and Chattels which shall at any Time thereafter be found thereon, shall and may be distrained, kept, appraised, and fold in Manner as aforesaid, until all Arrears of the said Rates and Taxes, and the Charges of such Distress, shall be fully paid and Satisfied; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, for the time being, to enter upon, and let the same Lands and Grounds to be mown and fed from Year to Year only, for the best Rent that can be gotten for the same, and to take the Rents and Profits thereof for the Use of the said Commissioners, to De applied for the Purposes of this Act, until all 'Arrears of the said Taxes, Rates, and Charges, shall be fully fiuisfied and paid, rendering the Overplus

of such Rents and P/ofits (if any) after the discharging such Arrears, to the Owner or Owners of such Lands and Grounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That where any of the said Rates or Taxes shall be in Arrear and unpaid, by the Space of two whole Years together, then the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at any of their Half-yearly Meetings, shall have full Power and Authority to fell to the best Bidder, at a publick Auction, so much of the said Lands and Grounds upon which any Tax shall be so in Arrear, as they the said Commissioners shall judge sufficient to raise such Taxes, and the Penalties incurred for Non-payment thereof as aforesaid, by Writing under the Hands and Seals of five or more of the said Commissioners; and the Person or Persons, to whom such Sale shall be made, iCball be a lawful Purchaser and Assignee of so much of the said Lands and Grounds as shall be so fold, to all Intents and Purposes /vhatsoever.

XXII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall cause personal Notice to be given to the Owner or Proprietor, Owners or Proprietors, of the Lands so to be sold, if that can be conveniently done; or shall cause Notice in Writing to be left at his, her, or their Place or Places of Abode, if such Place or Places be known to the Commissioners; or otherwise shall give publick Notice in the London Gazette and Cambridge News Paper, if any such shall be printed; three Months at the least intervening between the Time of any such Sale and any such personal Notice, or between the Day of the Date of any such written or printed Notice or Notices and the Time of any such Sale as aforesaid.

XXIII. Provided, That by colour of such Sale no Tenant or Tenants at Will, or by Lease at an improved Rent, shall be removed from his or their Possession, until he or they shall have taken the Crop from off the Premises so fold, paying reasonable Rent to the Purchaser, proportionable to the Time that (pch Possession shall be continued after such Sale as aforesaid; and also, that such Tenant or Tenants by Lease as aforesaid shall and may, if he or they shall think fit, continue out their respective Terms, paying

~ the Rent to such Purchaser, in proportion to the Quantity of Land so purchased j any Thing herein Contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided also, That the said Commissioners shall cause a Schedule of the Lands so to be sold for Taxes in Arrear, to be affixed upon the Church Door of the Parish where the Land shall lie, three several Sundays before the Day of Sale.

XXV. And, forasmuch as the Money so to be rated, levied, collected, and gathered, as aforesaid, will not be sufficient to defray the immediate Expences of making such Banks, Cuts, Drains, Dams, Tunnels, and Outlets, and for erecting such Engines and other Works as shall be necessary for draining, and for the speedy Improvement of, the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them (such major Part being not less than seven) assembled at any publick Meeting to be held as aforesaid, shall and may, and are hereby impowered, from time to time, to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money which they shall think necessary, for the making, carrying on, repairing, and preserving, of the said Works; and, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, without Stamps, to assign over the said yearly Rates and Taxes hereby charged, or to be charged upon the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and every or any Part thereof (the Coils and Charges of the Assignments to be paid out of the said Taxes) as a Security for Repayment of such Sum or Sums, with Interest not exceeding five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to the Person or Persons who (half advance or lend such Sum or Sums, his, her* or their Trustee or Trustees; which Money so to be borrowed, shall, in the first Place, be applied to defray the Expences of obtaining this Act of Parliament, and that the Residue of the Money so to be borrowed shall be applied and disposed of in making such Cuts, Drains, Dams, Banks, Tunnels, and Outlets, and erecting such Works and Engines, as will be necessary for draining and improving the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XXVI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Money, to be assessed by virtue of this Act upon the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, shall be charged and chargeable, in the first Place, with the Payment of the Principal Money so to be borrowed, and the Interest of such Money from time to time, and dial) vest in the respective Creditors upon Default of Payment of such Principal and Interest, until the same shall be fully satisfied and paid, together with the Coils and Charges occasioned by the Nonpayment thereof; and the said Creditors, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, shall have the same Power, Rights, and Privileges, of raising and recovering

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 53. 42*

the several Taxes and Sums of Money payable by the several Owners and Occupiers of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, for and in respect of such Principal Money and Interest, irn case of Default of Payment thereof, as the said Commissioners, or their Collectors, could have had in case the said Principal and Interest had been regularly and fully satisfied and paid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person to whom any Alignment of the said Rates and Tax es shall be made, for securing any such Sum or Sums of Money lent as aforesaid, or who shall beferrabc* intitled to the Money thereby secured, shall have full Power, from time to time, by Indorsement on the original Grant or Security, without Stamps, to assign or transfer the same to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and such Transfer or Alignment, from and after the Time that the same is entered in a Book to be kept by the said Commissioners for that Purpose (which Entry their Clerk or Treasurer is hereby required to make upon producing such Assignment, and Payment of one Shilling for the said Entry) shall intitle such Actgnee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to the said Principal Surs, and all the interest due or to grow due thereupon; and such Assignee or Assignees may in like Marnier assign again, and so Mies quottes, as Occasion shall require, every such Assignment being entered as aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall,.Penalty on Per-at any time or times hereafter, wilfully and maliciously cut, throw down, or otherwise destroy, or cause or (°ntl?e(2?yi0*~

trocure, or hire, any Person or Persons to cut, throw down, or otherwise destroy, any Bank, Mill, n ngine. Flood-gate, or Sluice, which, at any time or times hereafter, shall be making and erecting, or made or erected, for draining and improving the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds as aforesaid, and shall be thereof lawfully convicted, such Person or Persons shall be adjudged guilty of Felony; and the Court, by or before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall and hereby have Power and Authority to transport such Person or Persons for seven Years, in like Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm: And if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, wilfully or maliciously destroy, stop, dam up, spoil, or damage, or tause, procure, or hire, any Person to destroy, stop, dam up, spoil, or damage any Drain, Watercourse, Tunnel, Bridge, or other Work or Works, which, at any Time or Times hereafter, shall be making or ere£ling, or made or erected, for answering the Purposes aforesaid; or shall lay, or throw, or place, any Rubbish, or any other Obstruction therein, or cause, procure, or hire, any Person to lay, throw, or place, any Rubbish therein, within the Limits aforesaid; every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witness’es, shall be, and is hereby declared to be guilty of a high Crime and Misdemeanor. '

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not erect, or cause to be Retraining »he erected, any Engine or Engines, for draining or throwing the Water from off the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds into' Reach Old Load, or into any other Load, Cut, Ditch, or Drain, without the Boundary f^w inro* of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds; nor shall, by any Means whatsoever, suffer any Water to run Reach Old Load^ through any Load, Cut, Ditch, or Drain. made or to be made' with in the Boundary of the Fen Lands or Burwcii or and Low Grounds aforesaid, which shall or may discharge itself into Reach Old Load, or a*v Part of Bur- Wicken Fern*. wll or Ifrukcu Fens, unless the Owners or ^Proprietors of those Fen Lands shall, at any Time hereafter, cause the said Reach Old Load to be imbanked on the Burtvell Side, and shall throw the Waters of Burwell or IVicken Fens into any Part thereof, or shall otherwise use the same, in such Case, the Commissioners^ appointed for putting this Act in Execution, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be inverted with all and the same rowers which the said Owners or Proprietors of Burivell and IVicken Fens shall use or exercise ill respect to the said Reach Old Load, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall, and, Commission*f,‘ they are hereby required to make, keep up, maintain, and repair, or cause to be made, kept up, main-^c*e tamed, and repaired, out of the Monies collected by virtue of this Act, or to be borrowed on the Credit titio^Bank o/T thereof, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, a strong and substantial Division or Partition Bank the South West* at such fit Place on the South West Side of Reach Old Load, as to the said Commissioners shall appear mnff Side of Reach, safe and convenient, from the Hard Lands of S waff*ham* East, to the Bank of the River Cam^ otherwise01,1 Grant, on the Weft; and that they shall not at any Time, or upon any Occafun whatsoever, cut through or let down any Part of the said Bank, or permit to be cut through or let down any Part of the said Par»-tition or Division Bank. 4 «,

XXXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time make, or To prevent* cause to be made, any Watering-place, or Place of Access for Cattle to drink,’ in any of the Mill-drains ca‘ within the said Ken Lands or Low Grounds, or shall continue to use any such Watering-place already Bankl> made, after Notice in Writing to the contrary thereof given to him, her, or them, by any two or more of the said Commissioners; or if any Person or Persons shall drive, or cdtife to be driven, any Waggon*

Cart, or other Carnage, upon any Bank which shall be made or maintained by virtue of this Act (unless such Bank ha'h been of Right used as a Cart-way, or he made upon a Common Drove-way, and a sufficient Pafhgo shall not be left along the Side of the said Bank) every Person or Persons so offending, being*, thereof convicted before one Joffice of the Peace for the salt! County of Cambrid^e^ on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or on the Confession of the Party offending, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of ten Shillings to the said Commissioners, to be applied as aforesaid, and to be-levied by Distrek and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant urxier thi Hand and Seal of the said justice before whom such Conviction shall be made.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Owners and Occupiers of any of the said Fen Linds or Oume* to fconr Low Grounds mtended to be drained by virtue of this Act, shall make, and from time to time, and at all

timet

422

For inspecting Account*.

For defttojiftf Molts.

For defraying Plantations cat Mills.

C. 53. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

times hereafter, keep, all the Droveway, Outringor Division Dykes, belonging to the said Lands refoec-tively, ei^it Feet wide at the Top, five Feet wide at the Bottom, and three Feet and a Half deep from the level ooil; and shall also, from time to time, and at all times thereafter, cause the said Dykes to be well and effectually roded, scoured, and cleansed, from Weeds and other Obstructions \ and if any fudv Owner or Occupier shall refuse or neglect to make, or sufficiently to rode, scour, and cleanse, such Droveway, Outring or Division Dyke, after twenty-one Days Notice given to him, her, or them, for that Purpose, by the respective Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, for the time being, appointed by virtue of this Act; then i: shall be lawful for such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, to cause such Dyke to be made, roded, scoured, or cleansed, in a sufficient Manner; and where there is not a sufficient Tunnel under any Way made, or to be made over the same, to cause those Ways to be taken up and made so wide and deep as the Dyke ought to be; and, by Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of five or more of the said Commissioners (which Warrant or Precept such Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered and required, from time to time, to make, as Occasion shall require) to levy the Charge thereof by Distress and Sale of any Goods and Chattels which shall be found upon the Ground and Premises to which such Dyke or Dykes, Way or Ways, doth or doy or shall respectively belong (over* and above the other Rates and Taxes chargeable, or to be charged upon the same Ground and Premises by virtue of this Act) rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, when demanded, after all Charges paid.

XXXIII. And, to the End it may appear clearly what Money has been raised from time to time, by virtue of this Act, and that the Owners and Occupiers of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds may be satisfied that the Monies so raised have been duly applied, be it further enacted, That once in every Year (to wit) at the Half-yearly Meeting to be held upon the Second IVedrtefday in Aprils Inspection shall be had by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, of the Receipts and Disbursements of such Money as shall have been raised by virtue of this Act, to the twenty-fifth Day of March then next preceding, and all Accounts relating to the same, shall be then, or within ten Days after, made up and settled by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, then assembled at such Meeting as aforesaid; at which Times the respective Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the said Rates and Sums of* Money to be raised as aforesaid, are hereby required to attend with proper Books of Accounts of their respective Receipts and Disbursements, and all Vouchers for the same; and upon Consideration and Examination upon Oath (which Oath any of the said Commissioners is hereby impowered to administer) the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to allow and pass the said> Accounts as they shall think (it, or such Part or Parts of the same as they shall see just and reasonable; and such Account or Accounts, or such Part or Parts of them as shall be allowed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, under their Hands, shall be entered in two several Books to be kept for that Purpose; one of which shall remain with the said Commissioners, and the other shall be kept in the Parish Church of Swaffham Saint Mary; and any of the said Books shall and maybe inspected and perused without Fee or any other Reward, at any Time at seasonable Hours, by any Person requiring the Tame, being an Owner of any of the Fen Lands or Low Grounds in the said District.

XXXIV. And, to the End that the Banks to be raised or maintained by virtue of this Act, may be the better preserved, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Owner or Owners, Occu-. pier or Occupiers of any of the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds adjoining or near to such Bank or Banks, shall oegleft or refuse to catch or destroy the Moles in such Lands, after ten Days Notice given to him, her, or them, for that Purpose, by any Officer appointed by any two of the said Commissioners, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to employ some Person or Persons to catch and destroy the same j and by Warrant or Precept under their Hands and Seals (which Warrant or Precept such Commissioners, or amr five or more of them, are hereby impowered and required, from time to time, to make, as Occasion shall require) to levy the usual Charge of catching such Moles, by Distress and Sale of the Goods, Chattels, or Cattle, which shall be found upon the Grounds and Premises respectively whereon such Moles shall be caught, over and above the other Rates and Taxes charged, or to be charged upon the same by virtue of this Act, and in the same Manner as the said Rates and Taxes as herein before directed to be levied, together with the Charges of making, keeping, and felling such Distrefe* rendering the Overplus (if any be) to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers respectively, after all Charges paid.

XXXV. And, in order that the Mills and Engines to be erected or employed by virtue of this Act, may the better answer the Purposes for which they are intended, be it further enacted by the Authority -aforesaid, That no Trees or Holts shall be planted, or Building erected, nearer to any Mill or Engine erected or employed for the Purposes of this Act, than two hundred Yards; and if any Trees or Holts shall be planted, or Building hereafter erected, within the Distance aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to cause such Trees and Holts to be taken up and carried away, and such Building to be pulled down and removed; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to cause any Trees or Holts which shall be growing within the Distance of two hundred Yards froru any Mill to be erected or employed for the Purposes of this Act, at the Time such Mill or Engine shall be first erected or used, to be cut down; making such Satisfaction to the Owner of such Trees or Holts as shall be agreed upon between such Owner and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or as shall, in case of any Difference, be ascertained by the Justices of the Peace within six Months after cutting down such Trees or Holts, at any Quarter Session to be held for the said County of Cambridge

XXXVI. And i

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 53- 423

XXXVI. And whereas Part of the said Fen Lands, lying near the Skirts of the High Land, are higher For rr.akin*

1 in their Situation than the rest, and it is nppichended that such Lands, 1! the Sewers should lie in Common, may be made too dry by such Time as the lowest Lands are well drained therefore, for the avoiding this Inconvenience, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to erect Stauncher or Overfalls, at proper Places in the Drains or Dykes leading from*such Lands, as they the said Commissioners shall, in their Discretion, judge necessary, for the keeping up a sufficiuu Head of Water for the Benefit of such Lands.

XXXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Owners Allowing Mill* and Occupiers of such Parts of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds as shall be Arable, or have been *ith Co^cnl of actually dug up in Turf, to erect Horse Mills thereon, or by Licence in Writing under the Hands and Cotnra;/ Kmus* Seals of.seven or more of the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, at one of their Half-yearly Meetings only, such other small Engines as shall be particularly specified in their respective Licences, in order to drain the said Lands so as to preserve the said Ciops, or to render the Land so dug up useful, and for n > other Purpose whatsoever; but if any Engine so set up, shall afterwards be found injurious to any of the adjacent Lands, then, and in that Case, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, by Order of the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, at any of their Meetings held as before directed, to take down and carry away such Engine, and to convert the Materials thereof to his or their Own Use, paying to the Owner or Owners of the said Engine such Sum, not exceeding thirty Pounds for any one Engine, as the same shall be valued at by two indifferent Persons to be appointed by the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Session to be held for the County of Cambridge.

XXXVIII. And whereas the several Parishes wherein this District lies, consist chiefly of common Arable Lands in open Fields, with very little Pasture (except the Fen Grounds) whereon to maintain*

and feed Cattle for furnishing Manure for the arable Lands, so that it will be greatly for the Benefit of the said Towns, that the Fen Lands should not be farther destroyed, by digging them out into Hods or

Turf, than they at present are: And whereas it will be necessary to borrow large Sums of Money for the Purposes of this Act \ therefore, to preserve the said Lands, and to the Intent that the Taxes charged

thereupon may not be diminished, nor the Security of the Creditors lessened, be it enacted, That no To limit the

Person or Persons shall dig, or cause to be dug, any Hods, Culpins, or Turf, in any of the Fen Lands or digging oi iurf.

Low Grounds taxed by virtue of this Act, except it be in Partition Dykes not exceeding nine Feet in

Width, already made, or which hereafter may be made, for dividing any of the said Grounds into Pieces,

such Pieces not to consist of iefs than five Acres; or in commonable Places where Turf has been usually

dug, such Hods, Culpins, or Turf so dug, to be spent only in' the Township or Parish where the same shall be dug, under the Penalty of twenty Shillings for every thousand of Turf otherwise fold, given, or

spentj to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Seller or Giver, by Warrant

tinder the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Cambridge, to the Use of the

Informer: And if any Hods, Culpins, or Turf, shall be dug within the said District, otherwise than as

aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall be appointed for that Purpose, by Writing under the Hands of any two or more of the Commissioners, to go upon the Preraifes,

and to throw the said Hods, Culpins, or Turfs so cut, into the Pools or Pits from whence the same were taken, and to fill the said Pools or Pits with the said Turf and other Earth which shall have been taken

thereout.

XXXIX. And whereas the Navigation from the River Camy otherwise Grant, through the said Fens and Low Grounds, to the several Towns of Bottisham, Swaffham Bulbeck, Swaffham Prior, and Reach%

has for many Years past been carried on with Difficulty, for want of scouring out the several Loads and Drains, through which the said Navigations paf9, and for want of good Towing-paths by the Sides of the said Loads and Drains, which cannot be effected without a confioerable Expence :* Therefore be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be paid to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, at each of the Sluices called Bottisham and Swaffham Sluices, and also at (ome convenient Place in Reach Load, to be appointed by the said Commissioners at any of their Half-yearly Meetings,

For every Chaldron of Coals, for every hundred of Battens, for every Half-hundred of other Deals, for Toii» on Navi, every Ton of Timber, for every five Quarters of Wheat, Rye, or Mefledine, for every Last of Oats, B,tion °»the Barley, or Malt, for every thousand of Bricks, for every two thousand of Tiles, for every five hundred Uadn of Sedge, for every two thousand of Turf, for every Chaldron of Lime, for every Last of Seeds, for every Half Ton of Iron or Lead, for every Hogshead of Wine, and for every Ton Weight of other Goods,

Wares, or Merchandizes whatsoever, two Pence; and so proportionably for any greater or le(s Quantity.

Which said Sums shall and may be demanded and taken in the Name of, or as a Toll or Duty; and shall be paid by every Person who shall carry or convey any Goods through the said Sluices, or up or down the JLoad commonly called Reach Load; and all Persons so carrying or conveying any Goods, are hereby required to give a true Account to the Collector of such Toll, upon Demand, of all Goods by them respectively carried j and the Monies so to be received shall be applied and disposed of in repairing the respective Sluices, deepening the respective Loads and Drains, or making new Cuts instead thereof, and making Hanks by the Sides of such Loads or Cuts, and to no other Ule or Purpose whatsoever: And in case of Neele3 or Denial of Payment of the said Toll or Duty, on Demand, the Collector or Collectors thereof, to be appointed by the said Commissioners, are hereby authorised and required to seize and detain any of the said Goods or Commodities, or the Vessels carrying the same, until Payment of the said Tolls or l^utics j and if the said Toll shall not be paid within two Days after such Seizure, then to cause the same

to

424

Certain Goods liable to Half Toll.

Tolls may be lessened.

For Tetting up Staun*> *.

Toll on River Bank*

Commissionert to compound*

To let Tolls.

Appointing Fen Reeves.

Power of Fen Reeves.

C. 5 3. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

to be appraisecl and Told for Payment thereof, in like Manner as Goods seized for Non-payment of Taxes, are before directed to be.

XL. Provided dlways, and be it enacted, That all and all Manner of Persons navigating through the Sluice called Reach, otherwise Upzveer Sluice, who dial I hale with an Horse or Horses upon any Bank to be made under the Authority of this Act, against Burwell Load, and the Goods by them respectively carried, shall be liable to one-half of the said Toll, to be levied as ;.bove directed; except the Commissioners at one of their Half-yearly Meetings shall compound with any such Navigator for a less Sum.

XLI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at any of their Half-yearly Meetings aforesaid, shall have full Power and Authority, from time to time, to leflert or reduce the said Tolls as they shall find sufficient for the Purposes aforesaid; and also to raise and augment the same ag iin as Occasion shall require, so as no greater Tolls be at any Time demanded or taken than are above specified.

XLII. And whereas it may be necessary, for carrying on Navigation in the said Loads in dry Seasons,

to set Staunches therein for holding up the Water/ it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, using the said Navigations, to erect such Staanches in either of the said Loads as they, or any of them, shall think proper, so that ho Head of Water be kept up thereby within six Inches of the Surface of any of the adjacent Lands, under the Penalty of five Pounds for every Offence, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, or Marfttr of the Gang, for whoseUsethe said Staunch was set, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Cambridge, and to be applied to the General Purposes of this Act.

XLIII. And whereas the East Bank of the River Grants between CJayhithe Sluice, and Hardridge Common Gate, is by Length of Trme become so ruinous and decayed that Horses cannot pass with Safety thereon; and also, whereas the said Bank (though not absolutely necessary for the Draining) may be conveniently repaired under the Powers and Authorities of this Act, but will be attended Withacon- siderable Expence Therefore, towards defraying the same, be it Enacted, That the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, art hereby authorised to erect a Turnpike or Turnpikes at such Place or rlaces on the East Bank of the River Grdnt^ Wkhrh this District, as to them 'shall Teem most convenient, so that no Horse or other Beast lbe thereby liable- to a double Charge for passing once drreftly up or down the said Bank; and thereat to demand and take as a Toll, before afny Beast IhaTl be ‘permitted to pass through the same.

For every Horse or other Beast haling a Boat Or Boats, two Pence.

For every other Horse,' Mare, Geldinfg, Mult, or Ass, paflxng on the said Bank, orre Penny#

For every Drove of Neat Cattle, ten Pence per Score.

And for every Drove of Calves, Sheep, or Lambs, five Pence per Score; and so in proportion for any less Number.

To be laid out only in repairing the said Bank, and for no other Purpose whatsoever: And in case of Neglect or Denial of Payment of the said Toll on Demand, the Collector or Collectors thereof (to be appointed by the said Commissioners) are hereby authorised and required to ferze and detain any Horse, or other Beast, upon which such Tollis hereby imposed; and the same to keep, appraise, and fell for Satisfaction thereof, as is herein before directed in respect of the Taxes set and imposed by virtue of this Act.

XLIV. Provided always, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at any of their Half-yearly Meetings as aforesaid, shall have full Power and Authority to compound with Persons haling on the said Bank for the said Tolls; afnd also, from time to time, to lessen and reduce the said Toll as they shall find sufficleftt for the Purposes fcforbfhid; and to rarfe and augment the faYrre agaih, &‘s Occasion shall require, so its no grearer Tolls be at any Time demanded or taken than afre above expr'sessed.

XLV. And be it further chafted, Tbdt the said Commissioners, or any five or ftiore of them, at any of their Half-yearly Meetings, may let all or any of the Tolls hereby granted on Lease by publick Auction tb the best Bidder, for any Time hot fcxcdcdiflg three YearS; Notice in Writing of such Lerting being affixed upon the Church Doors of the several Parishes wherein this District lies, ten Days at lerst befote such Meeting.

XLVI. And, for the better rmprOVerdent of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and more orderly Management of the commonafcle Parts thereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it ftailand may be lawful for the Inhabitants Who have vRight of Common, Or who are Owners of Lots or Dolvers in the said Parishes, to meet in their respective Churches on the Thursday before Christmas Day in every Year and then and there chuse, by a Majority of Voices, two Fen Reeves, Commoners and Dwellers in the respective Town or P.iriftvfor which they‘(ball be chosen, to continue in the said Office for one Year and no longer; which Office the Persons so chosen are hereby required to take upon themselves within one Week after their Election, upon Pain of forfeiting five Pounds apiece for thb Purposes of this Act; to be levied by Distress and S^le of their Gcfotfs ‘and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any three Commissioners for‘putting this in 'Execution.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Cm id Fen Reeves shall be and they are hereby ibipowered and required, from time to time, to imphuHd all Cattle fed and depastured upon any of the said Commons contrary to Right or accustomed Usage and all Sheep that shall be fed and dCpnftured upon any Droveway within the said Fens, and to take orte Shilling a piece for all N -at Cattle or Horses, and three Pence for every Slieep, so offending; and that it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to moCv, or cause 3 to

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 53. 425

to be mown, any of the said Drove-ways, unless the same be done under the Direction of the said Fen Reeves, for the Purpose of applying what shall be so mown for the Amendment and Repair of the said Drove-ways; and also that the said Fen Reeves shall and may cause the said Drove-ways to be amended, and the common Ditches and Drains to be cleaned and scoured out, and, with the Consent of the Commoners and Occupiers of Fen Lands in their respective Parishes, or the major Part of them who shall assemble upon Notice to be given in their respective Churches, may make a Rate upon the Occupiers of the said Commons and Fen Lands within the respective Parishes; which being allowed by one Justice of the Peace for the said County of Cambridge, may, in case of Refusal or Neglect of Payment, be levied by Distress and Sale of any Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons charged therewith: And that the Fen Reeve* t# said Fen Reeves, or such of them as receive any Money, either by Rate or otherwise, belonging to the said *ccount-Office, shall, within one Week after the End of the Year for which he shall be so chosen, and have served, ' make a full, true, and perfect Account, of his Receipts and Disbursements in the said Office, and pay the Balance thereof (if any shall remain) to the next succeeding Fen Reeves for the said Parish, or one of them; in which said Account, it shall be lawful for each of the said Fen Reeves to charge and retain in their Hands the Sum of twenty Shillings for their Care and Pains in the Premises.

XLVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing therein con- Prffema? tained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to invalidate, lessen, diminith, alter, or take away, of thcf any of the Rights, Powers, and Authorities, vested in the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the B°Xrd Urel, Company of Conservators, of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level: or in the said Governor,

Bailiffs, and Conservators by virtue of an Act made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling the Draining of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Levels or by virtue of any other Act or Statute whatsoever; but that all Rights, Powers, and Authorities whatsoever, which by virtue of the said Act of the fifteenth of King Charles the Second, or of any other Act or Statute whatsoever, now are vested in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, or any of them, shall for ever hereafter remain, continue, and be in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, and every of them, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purports, as if this Act had never been made.

XLIX. And whereas by the said Act of the fifteenth Year of King Charles the Second, it was, amongst i^Car. a. c. iy, other Things, enacted, That the Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators of the said Great Level, should have Power to lay Taxes upon the ninety-five thousand Acres of Land (allotted as a Recompence for the

Draining of the said Great Level) for the Support, Maintenance, and Preservation of the said Great Level, and to levy the same, with Penalties for Non-payment; and that the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, should have Power to fell so much of such Parts and Proportions of the said ninety-five thousand Acres, upon which any Tax shall be in Arrear, or Penalties, in such Proportions as the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, should judge to be sufficient to raise such Taxes and Penalties:

And whereas several Parcels of the said ninety-five thousand Acres of Land lying within the District A &» for Bed fort herein before described, were, at different Times, put up to Sale, in pursuance, and according to, the Level rcaled*

Directions of the before-recited Act of the fifteenth of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Taxing and Assessing of the Lands of the Adventurers within the Great Level of the Fens, in order to raise the Taxes and Penalties in Arrear for and in respect of the said Lands; but the same^iot being thought worth the Taxes and Penalties due thereon, such Lands could not be fold so as to raise such Penalties and Taxes; and the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, havingdirested their Officers, from time to time, to bid for such Lands as could not be sold for the Amount of the Taxes and Penalties respectively due thereon, they the said Officers became the Purchasers of such Lands, and have either conveyed the same to the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or declared such Purchasers to have been made in Trust for the said Corporation; and the Lands so purchased have, ever ftnee such Purchases respectively made thereof, remained vested in the said Corporation, and are called lnvested Lands, and have been an- nually rated and assessed to the Taxes laid upon the said ninety-five thousand Acres, according to their respective Proportions, in pursuance of the said Acts of the fifteenth and twentieth of King Charles the Second; but such Taxes not having been raised or paid, the said Corporation have, from time to time,

let such lnvested Lands, or such Parts of them as they could find Tenants for, at such Rents as could be procured for the same; but the Profits arising from the Lands so let have been very small and inconsidera- ble, and much less than the Taxes with which such Lands have been assessed: And whereas it will bfe

for the Benefit of the said Corporation that the said Inverted Lands should be sold for the best Price that

can be got for the same, discharged of all Arrears of Taxes assessed, or to be assessed, thereon, before

the said Lands shall be fold, by virtue of the said Acts of the fifteenth and twentieth Years of King

Charles the Second, but subject nevertheless in like Manner, as the rest of the said ninety-five thousand Acres, to the Taxes to be assessed by virtue of the said Acts, after the said Lands shall be (old be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, or any five or more For fdlim it* of them, whereof the said Governor or Bailiffs, or any of them, to be two, to cause the said Inverted vc.kd Uta*.-‘

Lands to be publickly sold by Auction, in Lots as they now lie, to the best Bidders, at the Shire House in Lhy at the next April Meeting, or Session of Sewers in October^ to be th.*re heid; of which Sale or Sales puSlick Notice shall be given in the London Gazette, and also in the Cambridge and Iffwich 'journals, if Inch News Papers shall then continue to be published; and shall also be affixed m Writing, under the Seal of the said Corporation, at or upon the said Shire House, two Months at the lcail intervening between the Time of any such Sale and the Day of the Date of any such Notice; and that after any of the said i.an Js shall be so fold, the said Governor, Bailifts, and Conservators, or any five or more of them, as aforesaid,

436 C. 54, 55.

Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

shall grant or convey, under the Seal of the said Corporation, the Lands so sold to the respective PoTcha-fers thereof, freed and discharged of and from all Rates and Taxes which, at any Time before stich Sale, shall have been rated or charged upon the said Lands, by virtue of the said Acts of the fifteenth and twentieth Years of King Charles the Second, or of any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force relating to the said Great Level; and every such Grant or Conveyance shall be valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Lands had been fold so.r Nonpayment of Taxes, pursuant to the said Acts of the the fifteenth and twentieth Years of King Charles the Second.

Not to discharge L. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to Trifled Lands impower the said Corporation to discharge the said Invested Lands, or any Part thereof, from any Rates or sTh T*e,after Taxes which the same shall, after Sale thereof as aforesaid, be liable to be rated or aftested with, by virtue of the said Acts of the fifteenth and twentieth of King Charles the Second, or by any other Act or Acts of

Parliament whatsoever, relating to the said Great Level; but that the said Invested Lands, after they shall be so fold, shall be liable to be rated and assessed in the same Manner as they were before the making of this Act; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Justices may *d-

LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases wherein Jurisdiction is mimftei Oaths, given to any Justices of the Peace by this Act, it shall be lawfcl for such Justice or Justices to administer an Oath to any Witness or Witnesses.

LII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done, or to be done, in pursuance of this Act* every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Months next after the Fa<St committed, and shall be laid or brought in the County of Cambridge, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, shall and may plead the General Issue; and if in Replevin, may justify and avow, by virtue of this Act, as Persons acting by Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do; and may give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, without specially pleading the same, otherwise than* as aforesaid, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the Fad alledged in such Action or Suit to have been done, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonfuked, or forbear Prosecution, or discontinue his, her, or their Suit or Suits; or if any Verdict shall pass against him, her, or them, upon a Demurrer, or otherwise; then, in any of the said cases, the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, shall recover Treble Costs, for which he, she, or they, shall have like Remedy as where Costs by Law are awarded.

LIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That this Act shall be deemed and allowed to be a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby rebuked to take Notice thereof as such*, without specially pleading the same.

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue.

[Treble Costs.]

Publick Act

CAP. LIV.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applyingcer-tain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty ieven; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; for carrying to the Aggregate Fund a Sum of Money which hath arisen by the Two Sevenths Excise;/or impowering hisMa-tty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, to permit the Importation of any Sort of Corn or Grain, uty-free, into this Kingdom, for a longer Time than is permitted by any Act of this Session of Parliament; and for obviating Doubts in relation to the Meeting of Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax. EX r.

CAP. LV.

An Act for further continuing an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend andren» der more effectual* in his Majestys Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punuhing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

EXP.

CAP.

A.D. 1767.

427

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 56.

CAP. LVI.

An Act for taking off the Inland Duty of one Shilling Pound Weight upon all Black and Forit)er Aflt Singlo Teas consumed in Great Britain; and for granting a Drawback upon the Exporta- '°Gc°- i. c. »o. tion of Teas to Ireland., and the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time, upon ";fe0‘, c‘3#" such Indemnification to be made in respect thereof by the East India Company, as is therein 4°c0-mentioned; for permitting the Exportation of Teas in smaller Quantities than one Lot toc. 14. Ireland, or the said Dominions in America; and for preventing Teas seized and condemned from being consumed in Great Britain. 8 Geo. Yc. 15l

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Ma- Fumble, r«:t»

jesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repealing the Inland Duty of four Sbil- np CUules in

lings per Pound freight upon all Tea fold in Great Britain, and for granting to his Majesty certain other Inland Act 18 Geo.

Duties in Lieu thereof; and for better securing the Duty upon Tea, and other Duties of Excise; and for pur- c* *6,

suing Offenders out of one County into another; an Inland Duty of one Shilling per Pound Weight Avoir-

dupois, and in that Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity, was impofbd and charged upon all Tea to be sold in Great Britain; and also a further Duty of twenty-five Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the gross Price at which such Teas should be sola at the publick Sales of the United Company of Mer- chants of England trading to the East Indies, and proportionably for a greater or lesser Sum* which Du- ties were to commence from the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and forty-five over and above all Customs, Subsidies, and Duties, payable to his Majesty for the same, upon Importa- tion thereof; to be paid in Manner as in the said Act is directed: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-first Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, Tea was allowed to be exported from this Goa Kingdom to Ireland, and his Majesty's Plantations in America, without Payment of the said Inland Duties: C°*

And whereas the taking off the said Inland Duty of one Shilling per Pound Weight upon Black and Sin- glo Teas, granted by the said Act, and the allowing, upon the Exportation of all Teas which shall be exported to Ireland and his Majesty's Plantations in America, the Whole of the Duty paid upon the Im- portation thereof into this Kingdom, appear to be the most probable and expedient Means of extending the Consumption of Teas legally imported within this Kingdom, and of encreasing the Exportation of Teas to Ireland, and to his Majesty's Plantations in America, which are now chiefly furnished by Fo- reigners in a Course of illicit Trade: And whereas the United Company of Merchants of England trad- ing to the East Indies are willing and desirous to indemnify the Publick, in such Manner as is herein after provided, with respect to any Dimunition of the Revenue which shall or may happen from this Experi-

mentWe, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and The kitand Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That °fx * Per for and during the Space of five Years, to be computed from the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven Jj°d hundred and sixty-seven, the said Inland Duty of one Shilling per Pound Weight upon Teas, shall not be Term of 5Years, paid for or in respect of any Bohea, Congo, Souchong, or Pekoe Teas, commonly called Black Teasi or upon ail Black any Teas known by the Denomination of Singlo Tcasy which shall be cleared for Consumption within Greator Singlo Teas Britain, out of Warehouses of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or^l,'arcd tor9on* their Successors; but that all such Teas so to be cleared, whether the same have been already, or shall be G^B^itlin,0 hereafter, sold by the said Company, or their Successors, shall be and are hereby freed and discharged, oljtof the Com, during the said Term, from the said Inland Duty. pany’s Ware-

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for and during the like Space of hou, es> five Years, to be computed from the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, there shall be drawn back and allowed for all Teas exported from this Kingdom as Merchandize to Ireland, or °bicon°impoPrta* any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, the whole Duties of Customs payable upon the Im- tion, to be drawn portation of such Teas; which Drawback or Allowance, with respect to such Teas as shall be exported to b-ck upon all Ireland, shall be made to the Exporter in such Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, Securities, Teas cxP)r,*d Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any Drawback or Allowance is now payable out of the Duty of Customs upon " or'tht the Exportation of foreign Goods to Ireland; and with respect to such Teas as shall be exported to the Bri- British Colonic* tish Colonies and Plantations in America, the said Drawback or Allowance shall be made in such Manner, in Amer.cu. and under such Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any Drawback or Allowance payable out of the Duty of Customs upon Foreign Goods exported to Foreign Parts, was, could, or might be made before the passing of this Act (except in such Cases as are otherwise provided for by this Act).

III. Provided aways, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Drawback allowed by Jhe said Draw,

this Act shall not be paid or allowed for any Teas which shall not be exported dirediy from the Warehouse ^‘l

or Warehouses wherein the same shall be lodged, pursuant to the Directions of an Act made in the tenth only a» shall be Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First., exported directly

from the WarehousL'S where lodgrd, pursuant to A<\ 10 Geo. I«

IV. And, for making good any Diminution which may happen in the Revenues of Customs and Excise by the Discontinuance of the said Duty, and the Allowance of the said Drawback, during the Term aforesaid; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on or before the first Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, and on or before the first Day of September in each of the four fiiccx?edirg "^ccounts«,

3 1-----3 L z Year*,

42.8 C. 5 b.

Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

here directed to be made up, there shall appear upon an Average taken for 5 Yczrs preceding, any Dim1 notion in the Revenues by Discontinu-f ;ice of the raid Duty, and Al* Sowance of the said Drawback, during the said Term j the 'Company is to make good the £c£cieacjr.

On Failure of uny Payment by the Company,

the Money to be jecovered by Action of Debt, in any of the Courts at Westminster.

etith Damages after the Rate of T12 1. per Cent, and Full Costt of Suit.

The Company's Stock and Funds, &c. are made liable thereto.

The Monies to be applied as the present Duties.

Clause in Act Si Geo. %. c. 14.

rohibiting the Fxportat on of Tea in any less Quantity than ae iatiie Lot,

repealed.

No Tea to be tapoited to

Years, a true and exact Account shall be taken, stated, and made up, by the proper Officers of the Customs and Excise respectively, of the Net Produce of all the Duties of Customs for and in respect of Teas sold by the said Company- or their Successors; and also of the Net Produce of the Duties of Excise upon Teas cleared out of the Warehouses belonging to the said Company, or their Successors; within the Year, ending the fifth Day of July immediately preceding the taking, dating, and making up such Account; and that a Sum, which shall be equal to the Annual Net Produce of the Duties of Customs paid upon the Importation of Teas which were exported to Ireland and the British Colonies and Plantations in America, upon an Average for five Years preceding the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, shall be deducted from the total of the Net Produce, so stated, of the said Duties of Customs and Excise in the said Account, for the Year ending the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, and for each of the said four succeeding Years respectively: And if, after such Deduction shall have been made, the remaining Sum shall not amount to such a Sum as shall be equal to the annual Net Produce of all the Duties of Customs for and in respect of Teas sold by the said Company; and also to the annual Net Produce of the Duties of Excise upon Teas cleared out of the Warehouses of the said Company, on an Average for five Years preceding the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven; then, and in every such Case, from time to time, as often as such Case shall so happen, the said Company, or their Successors, within forty Days after a Copy of such yearly Account respectively shall have been delivered to thetr Chairman, Deputy Chairman, Secretary, Cashier, or Accomptant General, shall advance and pay, for every such Year respectively, into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for his Majesty's Use, such Sum of Money as shall, with the Monies remaining in such respective annual Account after the Deduction aforesaid shall have been made, amount to such a Sum as shall be equal to the annual Net Produce of all the said Duties of Customs and Excise upon Teas, on the said Average of five Years preceding the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven; so as the Money to be paid by the said Company, or their Successors, in pursuance of this Act, shall not, in anyone of the said five Years, exceed such a Sum as shall be equal to the annual Net Amount of the said Inland Duty of one Shilling per Pound Weight upon Teas cleared from the Warehouses of the said Company, for Consumption within Great Britain; and also to the annual Net Amount of the Duties of Customs paid on the Importation of Teas which were exported to Ireland, and the British Colonies and Plantations in America*, upon an Average for five Years preceding the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies 9 or their Successors, shall make Failure in any of the Payments hereby directed, required, or appointed to be made into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, in the Manner, or on or before the respective Times herein before limited or appointed for that Purpose; that then, from time to time, as often as such Case shall so happen, the Money, whereof such Failure in Payment shall be made, shall and may be recovered to his Majesty's Use, by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, or any more than one Imparlance; in which Action, Bill, Suit, or Information, it shall be lawful to declare, that the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or their Successors, are indebted to his Majesty the Monies of which they shall have made Default in Payment, according to the Form of this Statute, and have not paid the same, which shall be sufficient; and ip or upon such Action, Bill, Suit or Information, there shall be further recovered to his Majesty's Use, against the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or their Successors, Damages, after the Rate of twelve Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the respective Monies so unpaid, contrary to this Act, together with Full Costs of Suit; and the said United Company, and their Successors, and all their Stock, Funds, and all other their Estate and Pro-

Ewhatsoever and wheresoever, shall be, and are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of such les. Damages, and Costs.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Montes which shall be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, in puruiance of this Act, shall be applied to such Uses and Purposes, and in such Proportions, as the present Duties on Teas are now made applicable.

VII. And whereas by an Act made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for permitting Tea to be exported to Ireland, and his Majestys Plantations in America, without paying the Inland Puties charged thereupon by an Act of the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign 5 and for en- larging the Time for some of the Payments to be made on the Subscription of six millions three hundred thousand Pounds, by virtue of an Act of this Session of Parliament; it is enacted, That from and after the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, no Tea should be exported to the Kingdom of Ireland, or to any of his Majesty's Plantations in America, in any Chest, Cask, Tub, or Package whatsoever, other than that in which it was originally imported into Great Britain^ nor in any less Quantities than iti the intire Lot or Lots in which the same was sold at the Sale of the said United Company, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of such Tea, and the Package containing the same: And whereas the pro- hibiting the Exportation of Tea in any less Quantity than one intire Lot, has been very inconve- nient to Merchants and Traders, and tends to discourage the Exportation of Tea to Ireland, and the said Colonies be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, the said recited Clause shall be, and is hereby repealed.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, no Tea shall be exported to the Kingdom of Ireland) or to

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 57. 429

to any of his Majesty's Plantations in America, in any Chest, Cask, Tub, or Package whatsoever, other than of Aj"e* that in which it was originally imported into Great Britain; nor in any less Quantity than the whole and Jp^ge. intire Quantity contained in any Chest, Cask, Tub, or Package, in which the same was sold at the Publick no*jna icf8 6 Sale of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; under the Penalty of the quantity than Forfeiture of such Ten, and the Package containing the same, which shall and may be seized by any wholeQuan-Officer of the Customs; and such Forfeiture shall be recovered and applied in such and the same Manner, am

as any of the Penalties or Forfeitures mentioned in the said Act, made in the twenty-first Year of the Company’* Reign of his late Majesty, are hereby directed to be recovered and applied; and all Tea exported under the sJe j onVwfei-Authoricv of this Act is hereby freed and discharged from the Payment of the Inland Duties of Excise, in ture thereof $ such and the same Manner, and shall be subject to the same Rules and Regulations, as are mentioned, ap-1(> bc recovered pointed, and prdcribed by the said Act, in relation to Tea exported by virtue thereof. Act iTceo^z

c. 14. directs. Teas exported under this Act, discharged of the Inland Duties of Excise.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of July, confifeated Tea*

one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, all Teas which shall be seized and condemned for being ille- to be sold, and gaily imported, or for any other Cause, shall not be sold for Consumption within this Kingdom, but shall be delivered out for exported to Ireland, or to the British Colonies in America; and that no such Teas, after the Sale thereof, ExP^cation shall be delivered out of any Warehouse belonging to his Majesty, otherwise than for Exportation as afore- b

said \ or be exported in any Package containing a less Quantity than fifty Pounds weight; which Expoita- 8 Geo. 3. c. *5. tion shall be made in like Manner, and under the same Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and in Package* except in respect to the Allowance of any Drawback, as are by this Act prescribed, appointed, and in- containing not flifted, in relation to the Exportation of Teas sold by the said Company; and upon the like Bond and jj1*

Security as is required by the said Act made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King to°f"Ch oth» George the Second, to be approved of by the Commissioners of the Customs of Excise in England for the Regulations * time being, or any three of them respectively, or by such Person or Persons as they shall respectively appoint are here men-for that Purpose. tioned*

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing determined by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, Genertl IOuc* and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action

or Prosecution, or Judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer, or otherwise 5 then

such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Treble ColU#

Plaintiffs.

---

CAP. LVII.

An Act for establishing an Agreement for the Payment of the annual Sum of four hundred see thousand Pounds, for a limited Time, by the East India Company, in respect of the territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies.

[See Chap. 2. §49.]

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies have proposed, that a temporary agreement should be made in relation to the territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained there; and have thereupon offered to pay, for the Benefit of the Publick, during the Term of such Agreement, the yearly Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds, by Half-yearly Payments: And whereas it may be for the Benefit of the Publick, and the said Company, that a temporary Agreement, for the Space of two Years, should be made in regard of the said territorial Acquisitions and Revenues:' Now we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[East India Company to pay into the Receipt of the King's Exchequer, 400,000l. per Annum, for the Term of 2 Years, by Half-yearly Payments of 200,000l. each;]

That the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and their Successors, shall advance and pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for his Majesty's Use, the Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, for and during the Term of two Years, to be computed from the first Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, by Half-yearly Payments of two hundred thousand Pounds each;

which Half-yearly Payments of two hundred thousand Pounds shall become due on the first Day of August, and the first Day of February, in each Year and shall be made on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March next ensuing such first Day of August, and on the twenty-ninth Day of September next ensuing such first Day of February respectively, in each Year; the first of which Half-yearly Payments shall become due on the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and be made on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight;

[on Failure of any of the said Payments,]

and in case the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or their Successors, shall make Failure in any of the said Payments hereby appointed to be made into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, on or before the respective Days or Times herein before limited; that then, from time to time, as often as such Case shall so happen, the Money, whereof such Failure in Payment shall be made,

430 C. 58. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

---

[the Money to be recovered by Ac-

shall and may be recovered to his Majesty's Use, by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no E(Toin, Protection, Privilege, *°anf or ^a^er Law, shall be allowed, or any more than one Imparlance; in which Action, Bill, Suitor

Court* »t Weft- Information, it shall be lawful to declare. That the said United Company of Merchants of England trading minster. to the East Indies, or their Successors, are indebted to his Majesty the Monies of which they shall have made Default in Payment, according to the Form of this Statute, and have not paid the same, which shall be w th Damages, sufficient; and in or upon such Action, Bill, Suit, or Information, there shall be further recovered, to his after the Hate of Majesty's Use, aeainst the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or anVVuUCofts’of t^le*r ^ucce(Tors, Damages, after the Rate of fifteen Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the respective Monies Suits* and the unpaid, contrary to this Act, together with full Costs of Suit; and the said United Company, and their Company’* Successors, and all their Stock, Funds, and all other their Estates and Property whatsoever and wheresoever. Stock and Funds, shall be, and are hereby made, subject and liable to the Payment of such Monies, Damages, and Costs.

Scc. are made

The territorial

II. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said territorial acquisitions and revenues, lately obtained in the East Indies, shall remain in pPossession of the said United Company, and their Successors, during the said Term of two Years, to be computed from the said first day of February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven.

remain in the Company’s Possession during the said two Year*;

[and if they shall be dispossessed by any foreign Power, of any Part thereof within that Time,

a proportionable Abatement is to be made in the said Annual Payments; and Money wrongfully paid, is to be refunded.]

---

III. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said United Company, or their Successors, shall be dispossessed by any foreign Power of any Part of the said territorial Acquisitions or Revenues, at any Time or Times before the Expiration of the said Term of two Years, to be computed from the first Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven; then, and in every such Case, and as often as such Case shall so happen, the Payment of the said annual Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds, for or in respect of the Time or Times during which the said Company, or their Successors, shall remain so dispossessed, shall be reduced in such Proportion to the whole of the said annual Sum as the net Income and Profits of the territorial Acquisitions and Revenues, of which the said Company, or their Successors, shall have been so dispossessed, shall have borne to the whole of the net Income and Profits of all the said territorial Acquisitions and Revenues, upon the Average of the Year preceding their being so dispossessed; and if it shall happen that any Payment or Payments shall have been made, for or in respect of any Time or Times during which the said Company, or their Successors, shall have been so dispossessed as aforesaid, such proportional Part of the Monies as shall have been so paid for or in respect thereof, or so much of such proportional Part of the said Monies as shall not have been appropriated in Manner herein after mentioned, shall be repaid and refunded at the said Receipt of the Exchequer to the said Company, or their Successors; and, in lieu of the Money which shall have been so appropriated, a Sum equal thereto shall be paid to the said Company, or their Successors, out of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund; which Payment is hereby charged upon the said Fund, and shall be made thereout, after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all previous Charges thereupon; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

[The Monies to be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament.]

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies which shall be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, in pursuance of this Act, shall be there reserved to be disposed of and appropriated by Parliament.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on certain foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom, and for establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the raising and dressing of Hemp and Flax.

[This Fund is appropriated by 10 Geo. 3. c. 40.]

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS the Consumption of Linens within Great Britain, and the British Dominions in America, is greatly increased; And whereas the establishing a proper Fund for the Encouragement of raising and dressing of Hemp and Flax, would be a great Advantage to the Linen Manufactures within this Kingdom; therefore we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do give and grant to your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors, such additional Duties on Foreign Linens to be imported into Great Britain, as are herein after mentioned;' and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[After

That from and *6*- *h°fc?e- after Day of one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, there shall be raised, levied,

rmi JddUional* crolledted, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several additional Rates and Duties Rates and Duties following; that is to say, following are to lake place;

vi*. on Foreign For every Ell of Foreign Linen, commonly called Packing Canvas, Spruce Elbing, or ^hteenffiorcugh

Curas. Canvas, which shall be imported into Great Britain, the Sum of one Farthing.

---

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 59. 431

And for every Ell of Foreign Linen, commonly called Dutch-Barras, and Hessin-Canvas, which shall be imported into Great Britain, the Sum of one Halfpenny.

And after those Rates for any greater or less Quantity of such Goods respectively, over and above all other Duties imposed thereon by any former Act or Acts of Parliament.

---

[

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of on Fo. n August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, all Foreign Lawns, imported into Great Britain, mall Lawns, which be rated and entered as Silefta Lawns, and shall pay Duty accordingly; and that from and after the said first are to be entered. Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, there shall also be raised, levied, collected, and pay Duty, at and paid, s lcfu Lawn*

For every Yard of Foreign Lawn bleached in Hollandf commonly called Holland-whited Lawn, which on Hoiland-shall be imported into Great Britain, the Sum of one Penny. whhed Lawn*

And after that Rate for any greater or less Quantity, over and above all other Duties imposed thereon by any former Act or Acts of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties, granted by this Act, shall be paid down in ready Money, without any Discount or Allowance; and shall be raised, levied, collected, ^houe and paid, in the tewne Manner and Form, and by such Rules, Ways, and Means, and under such Penal- Discount; ties and Forfeitures, as are prescribed and appointed for raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the former and to be levied, *' Duties, upon the like Goods imported into this Kingdom, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, &c* as the for* as fully to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and For- mcrDutJflf« feitures, respectively relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases Dutytobcrepiid where any Goods or Merchandizes that have paid the Duties hereby granted shall, at any Time or Times, be on Exportation again exported by any Merchant or Merchants within three Years from the Importation thereof, the of the

Duty by this Act granted, and which shall have been actually paid for such Goods or Merchandizes, G0^'Jhhia shall, without Delay or Reward, be repaid unto such Merchant or Merchants who shall export the same; ^ree Yean? under the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are prescribed and directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament with respect to any former Drawback upon such Goods.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thar the Money arising by the several Rates Money ari fag

and Doeief herein before granted (except the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, recovering, and by these Dutipi paying* the same) shall, from time to time, be respectively paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exche- tobc P3ld aPart quer distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Revenue; and that a Sum not exceeding. Exch®"* fifteen thousand Pounds per A?inum, arising from the said Duties, shall be kept apart in the said Receipt, as a anda Sum there-. Fund for the Encouragement of raising and dressing Hemp and Flax in this Kingdom, in such Way and out, not exceed- Manner as Parliament shall hereafter direct; and that the Remainder of the said several Duties shall be >ng 15,000l. reserved in the said Receipt for the future Disposition of Parliament. kepfas^uad*'

for encouraging the raising and dressing Hemp and Flax. Remainder to be referred for Disposition of Parliament*

CAP. LIX.

An Act for restraining and prohibiting the Governor, Council, and House of Representatives, of the Province or New York, until Provision shall have been made for furnishing the King’s Troops with all the Necessaries required by Law, from passing or afienting to any Act of Assembly, Vote, or Resolution, for any other Purpose.

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament was made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, Preamble, rei intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual, in his Majestys Dominions in America, an Act cuing Act? 5

passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for Gco‘ 3* Cf 33*

the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; wherein several Directions were given, and Rules and Regulations established and appointed, for the supplying his Majesty's Troops, in the British Dominions in America, with such Necessaries as are in the said Act mentioned during the Continuance

thereof, from the twenty-fourth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, until the twenty-fourth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven: And whereas the House of Representatives of his Majesty's Province of New York in America have, in direct Disobedience of the Authority of the British Legislature, refused to make Provision for supplying the Necessaries and in the Manner required by the said Act; and an Act of Assembly hath been passed, within the said Pro- vince, for furnishing the Barracks in the Cities of New York and Albany with Firewood and Candles,

and the other Necessaries therein mentioned, for his Majesty's Forces, inconsistent with the Provisions,

and in Opposition to the Directions, or the said Act of Parliament: And whereas by an Act made in

the last Session, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual, in his Majesty's Dominions in Ame- $ Gcq. 3, c. i?;:

rica, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Defer-

lion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, the like Directions, Rules, and Re-

1 4 gulations.

4327 - 44-8 C. 53. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

c gulations, were given and established, for supplying with Necessaries his Majesty^ Troops within the said Dominions during the Continuance of such Act, from the twenty-fourth Day of March, onethou- sand seven hundred and sixty-six, until the twenty-fourth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred wd 7 Geo. 3. ‘ and sixty-eight; which Act was, by an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act c. 5S% 1 for further continuing an Att of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more

c effectual, in his Majesty's Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Shar tersy further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and uxty- nine:’ In order therefore to enforce, within the said Province of Ne<w York, the supplying of his Majesty's Troops with the Necessaries and in the Manner required by the said Acts of Parliament; May it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-The Governor liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of October, one

and Council thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, until Provision shall have been made by the said Assembly of New

or affcotto ^or^ ^or ^urn*ng his Majesty's Troops within the said Province^with all such Necessaries as are required any Act of by the said Acts of Parliament, or any of them, to be furnished for such Troops, it shall not be lawful for

Assembly, the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Person presiding or acting as Governor or Commander in Chief,

or any Vote or or for the Council for the time being, within the Colony,} Plantation, or Province, of New York in Amt-Resolution of r'lca^ pass> or give hj9 or their Assent to, or Concurrence in, the making or passing of any Act of Affem-presentativti; " bty* or ^ls or t^ie‘r Assent to any Order, Resolution or Vote, in Concurrence with the House of Represen-and the said tatives for the time being within the said Colony, Plantation, or Province; or for the said House of Repre-House Ukewife fentatives to pass or make any Bill, Order, Resolution, or Vote (Orders, Resolutions, or Votes, for ad-prohibited to journing such House, only excepted) of any Kind, for any other Purpose whatsoever 5 and that all Acts pafa or make cf Assembly, Orders, Resolutions, and Votes whatsoever, which shall or may be passed, assented to, or Resolution^ niade, contrary to the Tenor and Meaning of this Act, after the said first Day of October, one thousand except for Ad* seven hundred and sixty-seven, within the said Colony, Plantation, or Province, before and until Provi-jouromeot, fion shall have been for supplying his Majesty's Troops with Necessaries as aforesaid, shall be, and are until Prevision hereby declared to be, null and void, and of no Force or Effect whatsoever*

*he made by them

for fornithing the King* Troops with all the Necessaries required by the recited Act 3 and all Adit of Assembly, Arc. contrary to the Tenor hereof, aftet 10 & 1767, are declared void 3

except atto the

II. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared to be the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, That Choice and Ap. nothing herein before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to hinder, prevent, or invalidate, probation of a Choice, Election, or Approbation, of a Speaker of the House of Representativea for the time being Hoofed ° C within the said Colony, Plantations or Province,

Anno

A.D. 176®# 'Annooflavo Georgii III. c. 1, 449

Anno Regni GEORGII III. octavo.

r II T the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Nineteenth Dav of May, Anno Domini

1761, in the First Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the

M JL Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, bV.

And from thence continued by fever^l Prorogations to the Twenty-fourth Day of November, 1767; be-f ing the Seventh Session of the Twelfth Parliament of Britain

CAP. I.

An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to prohibit, forsee^ceo 3,154 a limited Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Seff'1,c,# Starch, and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Law herein after mentioned should be continued and amended;

May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and* be it enacted by the King’s

roost Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made Recited Act con. in the last Session of Parliament, intitled An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Corn, tinned tillao Day* Grain, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from mcnciment of Wheat and Wheat Flour, shall continue, and shall be in full Force and Efreft, and be carried into Exc- next Session of cution, until the Twentieth Day after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament j except such Parliament, &c9 Parts of the said Act as are herein after varied or altered.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall not ex-Bttt this Act tend to any Wheat, Flour, Mali, Barley, Bread Biscuit, or Pease, to be transported out of or from thenot to extend to Port of Southampton, only, unto the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney, or any of them, for such WJiear, and the only Use of the Inhabitants of those islands; so as the Exporter, before the lading or such Commo-°thcrArtic, tt ditics, or laying the same on Board, do become bound, with other sufficient Security, in Treble the Value thereof, which the Customer or Comptroller of the same Port hath hereby Power to take in His Majesty's portedfam So* Name^ and to His Majesty's Use, and for \frhich Security no Fee or Reward shall be given or taken, thattbampentojerfo such Commodities shall be landed in the said islands of Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney, or One of themGutrnfo, moAAU (the Danger of the Seas only excepted) for the Use of the Inhabitants there, and shall not be landed or</fu*i fold in any other Parts whatsoever; and to return the like Certificates of the landing the same there, as are required by the said Act madein the last Session of Parliament on the Exportation of the said Com-t porter gtvin* sel modjtb s to the British Colonies in America, and within the Time for that Purpose in the said Act men-curity for thedoe tioned; and so as the Quantity of Wheat, Flour, Malt, Barley, Bread, Biscuit, and Pease, which at any llndin8lhercof Time or Times after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuation thereof, shall be shipped at thecerifiwte wIiLII said Port for the said islands, or either of them, as aforesaid, doth not exceed in the Whole Five thousand the Timehmired Quarters; any thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding. in the said Act.

and so as the Quantity do not exceed in the Whole 5000 Quarters.

III. Provided also, That this Act, or the said former Act, shall not extend to any Wheat, Barley, Oats, No*it to extend Meal, or Flour to be transported out of or from the Ports of JVlntehaven or Liverpoole only into the Isle to such Wheat,* of Man for the only Use of the Inhabitants of that Island; so as the Exporter, before the lading of such as (ha,] be^nf-Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, or Flour, or laying the same on Board, do become bound with other suffi-^j^ cient Security in Treble the Value thereof ( which the Customer, or Comptroller of either of the said Port$^/#|totiTipj respectively hath hereby Power to take in His Majesty's Name, and to His Majesty's Use) (for which Se- Man, so:the uie curity no Fee or Reward shall be given or taken) that such Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, or Hour, {Hallof theinhat>i-be landed in the said Isle of Man (the Danger of the Seas only excepted) for the Use of the Inhabitantsr*ms there». there, and shall not be landed or sold in any other Parts whatsoever; and to return the like Certificates the landing the same there, as are required by the said Act made in the last Session of Parliament on the Exportation of the said Commodities to the British Colonies in America, and within the Time for that Certificate, Purpose in the said Act mentioned; and so as the whole Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and and so as the Flour, which at any Time or Times after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuation thereof, tfrpped shal) be {flipped at both the said Ports for the said Isle of Man, shall not exceed in the Whole Two thousand U

five hundred Quarters; One Moiety thereof to be exported from the said Port of Whitcheaven, and the2^Q^ters i* other Moiety thereof to be exported from the said Port of Liver [ode; any Thing in the said Act contained uit Whole, 67c* to the contrary notwithstanding,

5P C?. f> 2, 3, 4, 5. Anno octavo Gbough III. A.D. 1768.

NoriMttocx*cnd

IV. Provided a That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prohibit the Committee of Mer-toTuth whe.tr, chants-trading to Africa from exporting, during the Continuance of this Act, any Quantity of Wheat 6?<r. c*poitcJ by Flour not exceeding Two hundred Quarters, or any Quantity of Bread or Biscuit not exceeding Fifteen Com-Tons in the Whole of such Bread ornifeuit, or of such Bread and Biscuit together, to the British Forts, ^nVc^.i-'a^a^cs* an£* Factories, ,n Africa* for the Support of the Persons residing the re \ so as the like Security be c"itJ^QM?nrty given for the exporting thereof as is required by the said Act to be given by Persons carrying the said Com-ofe.uh Soft,&c. modities to the British Colonies in America.

Security being sint given.

Koneofchc Com- V. Provided always and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, FlouV, Bread, Biscuit, or Starchy which shall be exported by virtue of this Act, shall be intitled to any of eTto any Draw- the Bounties or Drawbacks which are allowed and made payable on the Exportation of such Commodities, back. or any of them.

provision for a-

VI. Provided nevertheless, That the said Continuation may be abridged orfliortened; and this bridgtngtheCon- an(j the former Act, or both or either of them, or any Part thereof, may be altered and varied by any tcrifi-Mhc £4 ol^cr or Acts to mat*e *n this present Session of Parliament.

Atl.°

CAP. II.

Stc 9 Geo. III. An Act to continue several Acts made in the last Session of Parliament, for allowing the Importation of c* * Wheat, Wheat Flour, Barley, Barley Meal, Pulse, Oats, Oatmeal, Rye, and Kye Meal, Duty freev

and also so rtiudh of an Act made in the same Session as relates to the free Importation of Rice from His Majesty's Colonies in North America \ and to allow the Importation of Wheat and Wheat Flour from Africa, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

EXP.

CAP III.

An Act for the free Importation of Indian Corn, or Maize, from any of His Majesty's Colonies in Arnrua

for a Time therein limited. EXP,

CAP. IV.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and forty-eight.

EXP.

CAP. V.

s« 7g. hi. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the Seventh Year of «. 40.41, His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain^ amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Statutes now in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the Publick Highways of this Kingdom \ and for other Purposes therein mentioned,

Preamble, reciting a C la use and Proviso inan Act 9t the bit Scf-*oa.

*Thc recited CUuie wid Pio-tifo 1 e pealed.

Restrictions in the recited Act, C')i:c» rn.x»g the Number of Hor-ks, not to extend to CoTri.tg.es

enij loynd in

Act 14 and 1 He. V 111 c. '6. an! jfiHen. Vl II. c 7. which were repealed by the

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An t W Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the everal Statutes now in being for the 1 Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways of this Kingdom, and forciher Purpo fes therein mentioned\ 4 it is, among other Things, enacted and declared, That no Waggon, having the Wheels bound with

Streaks or Tire of a less Breath than Two Inches and a Half, when worn, or being set and fattened on with Rose-headed Nails, shall go or be drawn with more than Three Horfls; and that every Owner or Driver 1 of any such Waggon shall forfeit End lofc all such Horses above the Number Three, with all Gears, Bridles,

Halters, and Accoutrements, to the sole Use and Benefit of any Person or Persons who shall seize or dif-

train the same j with a Proviso next after the said Clause, containing particularRestrictions as therein mentioned: And whereas great Inconveniencies have arisen, and may arise, from the said Clause, which

require an immediate Remedy; therefore, for preventing thereof for the future,’ be it enacted by the king’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That as well the said Clause as the said Proviso, and every Thing therein respectively contained, shall be, and the same is and are hereby repealed and made void to all Intents and Purposes.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the said recited Act contained concerning the Number of horses, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages employed only in carrying any One Stone, Block of Marble, Cable Rope, Piece of Metal, or Timber, or to such Ammunition or Artillery as shall be for His Majesty's Service.

carrying any of the Particulars herein mentioned.

III. And whereas in and by the said Act, an Act passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth of King Hari the Eighth, for altering Hijhvays in the JVeld of Kent; and an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the said King, intituled, A Bill for the Highways in the County of Suflcx, are repealed: And whereas great Benefits have arisen to the Highways of the said Counties of Kent and SuJ/exy from the Exercise of

tfa«

4

A.D. 1768. Anno octavo Georg nIII. C. 5,6,7, 8,9. 4|i

the Powers given by the said Acts last mentioned; therefore’ be it hereby further enacted, That the said last mentioned Acts shall be, and the same are hereby revived, and shall be and remain in full Force^vcd‘ and ob* and Effect to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever. p0rce.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in the said recited Act or Nothing in the this Act contained, touching the making and returning Lists of qualified Persons to be Surveyors of the"c:ted cr piefcnr Highways, and the Apointmejit of such Surveyors, nor the Repeal of Part of an Act made in the Third Year of King William and Queen Mary relating to such Surveyors, shall extend, or be construed, deemed, Lrti/of or taken to extend, to (he City of Bristol\ but that the several Acts of Parliament which have been parted Perfom qualified previous to the said Act of last Session relative to Surveyors of the Highways, and to cleansing, paving, tobeSmYeyor«of lighting, and regulating* the Streets and other Places within the said City, shall remain in mil Force, th* Highway*, and be executed in as full and ample Manner and Form, to all Intents and T Purposes, as the same might or ought to have been if neither the said Act of last Session, nor this Act, had ever been made; and the vcy0ri 5 nor the competent Number of qualified Persons, of which a List directed by the said Act of the Third of KingRepealof p«i of William and Queen Mary to be returned for each Parish to the Justices at their Special Sessions, in orderJhc 3 Wttm for the Appointment of Surveyors, is hereby declared, so far as concerns the City of Bristol, shall be^tingto^focK Ten at the least; and that all Appointments of such Surveyors that have been made within the said City by surveyor* *« to virtue of the said Act of last Session, shall from henceforth be void. extend to the city

of BrifUl; but the several Acts previous to the recited Act of the last Session, relative to Surveyors, and to the detnGng, lighting, £fc. the Streets in Lh fjlcl, are to be in Force, and fully executed. The Number of qualified Persons, directed by Act 3 William and Mary to be returned, in the Lifts for each Parish, to tke Justices, as far at concerns BriJIgi, is to consist of xo at the least; and all Appointment* of Surveyors, within the said City, under the Act of the last Session, are from henceforth declared void.

CAP. VI.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Pu»pose; and to indemnify Members, and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and JBorough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loft or millaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped. E X P.

CAP. VII.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their

Quarers.

EXP.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain* for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight. 3 s. in the Pound\

EXP.

CAP. IX.

An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His presentSec9G-3 «.$ Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef Porky Bacon* and Butter* fromloG'yuu Ireland, for a limited Time \ and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America* for a limited Time.

II. "PROVIDED nevertheless, and- be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of February* Cood*,^. im.

jL One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, no Subsidy, Custom, Imposition, Rate, or Duty what-JJ* tcited o* foeyer, shall be paid or payable upon, for, or in respect of, any of the Goods or Commodities which shall ^sent Act, to bt be imported into this Kingdom by virtue of 5 Geo. 3. c. 1. or this Act; but that all such Goods and Com- Duty $ee, 5rc, modities shall and may be freely landed; and the Importers or Proprietors thereof, or any other Person or Persons, shall not be subject to any Penalty, Forfeiture, or Loss, or such Goods or Commodities liable to be seized or forfeited for or on Account of such landing; any Thing contained in the said former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided nevertheless, That the said Continuation may be abridged or shortened, and this Act and ftonen ng^the*

the said former Act, or either of them, or any Part thereof, may be altered and varied, by any other continuation, or Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament. altering or vary.

Ing these Act*.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First Day of February, s*Ired Provision»

One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to im- from the port into Great Britain* from the British Dominions in America* at any Time or Times before the First British Coionie* Dav of May* One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, any Salted Beef* Pork, Bacon, and Butter* in /^m.rrVrt Duty. without the Payment of any Subsidy, Custom, Duty, or Imposition whatsoever; any Thing in any for- frcc» *fcrc mer Act or Acts c/f Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. K%LrT»rto t

A'l mm* An Ma,.bt 1771

jo Geo. III. c. 2

AS2 C. 10, ii, 12,13, Anno octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1768s,

CAP. X.

An Act to enable His Majesty to licence a Playhouse in the City of Bath.

Tremble. 4 'WHEREAS a licensed Playhouse is math wanted in the City of Bath: May it therefore please Your 6 hT.j :fty that it may be enacted j* and be it enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act of Parliament which patted Cliure in act 10 *rn the Tenth Year of His late Maj city’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend so much of an mat^c *n Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for reducing the Laws re-ihscity 01'fjtb. ^airiS to Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, in One Act of Parliament; and for the more effectual p uni fifing fuel? Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars', and Vagrants, and fending them whither they ought U be frity as relates to common Players of Interludes; whereby all Persons are aifeharged to represent any ' En ertainment of the Stage whatever, in virtue of Letters Patent from His Majesty, or by Licence of the Lord Chamberlain of his Majesty's Household for the Time being, except within the Liberties of Wcfi-minster, or where His Majesty is residing for the Time being, be, and the same is hereby repealed, with The Crown im- respect to the said City of Bath; and that it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs, and Suc-feuerlVucnt^or ce^ors? to Srant Letters Patent for establishing a Theatre or Playhouse within the said City, which shall eaa^h>npCn a°f intitled to all Privileges, and subjected to all the Regulations, to which any Theatre or Playhouse 'i 1.cure within in Great Britain is intitled and subjected,

Uie laid City*

CAP. XI.

s"62c-^ ^c-An Act for further regulating the Proceedings of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, with respeifl to the making of Dividends.

j Geo. 3. c. 24, 10 Geo. 3. C. 47.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it was found necessary, in the last Session of Parliament, for securing, as welf* the permanent Interest of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, as the State of Credit both Private and Public, from the Mischiefs which mult have enfted

from an improper and improvident Increase of the Dividends of the said Company, that the said Company should, for a Time, be restrained from making any farther Increase of their Dividend, beyond the Rate at which it then stood payable, and to which it had then lately been encreased: And whereas the Time for which such Restriction was then laid, did expire at the Beginning, of this present Session of Parliament: Now, for as much as the farther Interposition of Parliament, for tKe fame salutary Pur-

No Increase of

pose, is at this Time necessary,’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and Dividend, beyond with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-3ot.per Ciet.per meilt alVembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall not be lawful for any General Court of tionlt anyGe- Lid Company, at any Time before the First Day of February, One thousand seven hundred and rerUCouitof the sixty-nine, to declare, or resolve upon, any Increase of Dividend beyond the Rate of Ten Pounds per Company before Centum per Annum, being the Rate of the present Dividend.

---

CAP. XII.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

EXP.

CAP. XIII.

An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of K\r\gWiUi<ift the Third, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty for disbandirtg the Army, and other necessary Occasions, as relates to the Number of Troops to be kept upon the Irish Establishment.

preamble recitr4 WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Ma-"Gwmfm Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty for disfbanding JQ 1 ’ 4 the Army, and other necessary Occasions 5 it was enacted, That immediately, from and after the Twenty-

sixth Day of March, One thousand six hundred and ninety-nine, all the Regiments, Troops, and Companies, Officers and Soldiers, within the Kingdom of Ireland, should be disbanded, except such Regiments, Troops, and Companies consisting only of His Majesty's natural-born Subjects, notex- ceeding Twelve thousand Persons, Commission and Non-commission Officers included, as, before the Tenth Day of April, One thousand six hundred and ninety-nine, should be particularly expressed by Proclamation under the Great Seal of Ireland, in the Manner therein directed: And whereas the Publick Service of these Kingdoms doth require, that some Part of the Troops, kept on the Establishment f Ireland, should be employed towards the necdTary Defence of His Majesty's Garrisons and Plan-

a 4 tatioas

A.D. 1768. Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 14,15. 453

tations Abroad: And whereas it may be expedient that a Number of Troops, not less than Twelve

thousand Mm, Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers included, should be kept within the said

Kingdom of Ireland\ and for the better Defence of the same, exclusive of such Regiments on that His Majesty »m- Establishment as are or shall be employed in His Majesty's said Garrisons and Plantations;’ be it there- powered to wife fore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi-

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the any

fame. That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, to raise and keep up, NumberoiTroop* on the said Establishment of Ireland, any Number of Troops, confiding only of His Majesty's natural-not exceeding born Subjects, not exceeding Fifteen thousand two hundred and thirth-live Men in the Whole* in Time ,^cn of Peacej any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding. ime 0 cac

CAP XIV.

'An Act for providing proper Accomodations for His Majesty's Justices of the Great Sessions in.

Walts* during the lime of holding such Sessions.

WHEREAS certain Accommodations are provided for His Majesty's Justices of Assize uuon Preamble, their Circuits in England, by the Sheriffs of the respective Counties, who are allowed the Expences thereby occasioned in their hills of Cravings in each Year: And whereas it is proper that the like Accommodations should be provided for His Majesty's Justices of the Great Sessions in the Princi- pality of Wales* during their respective Sessions, by the Sheriffs there; and that such Sheriffs should be reimbursed the Expencts of providing such Accommodations out of the Land Revenues of the Cr wvn arising within the said Principality, in Manner herein after mentioned; but some Doubtshaving ariseti,

whether, ftncethcAdl made in the Kirft Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act Act 1 Geo. 3c. 1v 4 for the Support (f His Majesty's Household* and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain,

any Part of the said Revenues can be applied for the said Purpose without the Authority of Parliament:

May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be ensiled \ and be it enacted by the King’s moll

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Sheriffs of the Sheriffs in iv*le several Counties in Wales shall, from henceforth, in each of their respective Counties, provide necessary Lodging and other Accommodations for His Majesty's Justices of the Great Sessions, during the Time modl\ions for°Hi» of each respective Session, in like Manner as has been usually provided determined by the Sheriffs within the several Counties in England for the Justices of Assize there 5 and that His Majesty may, by any Warrant or of the Gtwt $cf-Warrants under His Royal Sign Manual, countersigned by the High Treasurer, or any Three or morefionl» duringth* of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, authorise, during the Continuance of the said Vdive*s'li'a 1 Act made in the First Year of His Majesty's Reign, the Auditor for the Time being of the Land Reve- whLbthcyari oues of the Crown arising within the Principality of Wales, to allow and pal's all or any of such Charges to be allowed in as shall, from Time to Time, be made by the respective Sheriffs of the Counties within the said Princi-their Account., pality, in the Accounts by them to be delivered into the Oflice of the said Auditor, of Expences incurred by them respectively in providing necessary Accommodations for His Majesty's Justices of the Great Sef- the Audi-fions of Wales, during their Sessions; and to direct that Certificates shall be delivered by the said Auditor for of the Crowi* to the said Sheriffs of the Sums so allowed and passed in their Accounts respectively; and also to autho- Revenue* in rife, during the aforesaid Term? ,t he. Receiver or Receivers General of the said Revenues to pay the Sums a,*ow

so, from Time to Time, certified, ’upon the Produhlion and Delivery to him or them of such respective^nharfcas Jhcicof Certificates, without any Fee, Deduction* or Reward whatsoever* to be paid by the Sheriff either to stich and dnc^t that Auditor or Receiver. Certiuc.ite* be granted accordingly,

II. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That no greater or larger Sum shall be allowed, Jl hc Charec5 aI-passed, certified, and paid, than..the Sum of Ten Pounds for or 111 respect of such Accommodations

One County* during or upon^Account of any One such Session. pea of ftch aS.

coir.aodaticoB iu »ny One County

CAP. XV.

An Act for the more speedy and effectual Transportation of Offenders

Fcmcr Gen.

C I C 2 J.

16 Geo. II. c. 1 2c.CJc0.II. c. 40.

*\"1 T H EREA 8 several. Offenders, convicted of Crimes for which they are by Law excluded theprcamiu.

\^r Benefit of Clergy, are reprieved by the Judge who tries them, and recommended by him to

His Majesty's Mercy; who generally, on such Recommendation, k graciously pleated to extend the same to them, on Condition of Transportation to some of His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America for Life, or for the Term of Fourteen Years; and such Intention of Mercy, is signified by

One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to the Judges at the next Assizes after such Con-T vidiion, who thereupon order such Offenders to be transported accordingly; And whereas, by this Me.

thod

45+ C. 16. Anno octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1768.

thod of ordering the Transportation, such Offenders lie several Months in Goal after Conviction;

whereby they are rendered less capable of being useful to the Publick in the Parts* of America to which they are sent: For Remedy thereof. May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the Where H>i Mi. fame, That where any Offender shall hereafter be convicted of any Crimes for which he or she is ffi beS d^aw to exc*uc^ec^ Benefit cf Clergy, and the Judge or Justice of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol De-toa*ny Offender, 1*very» in any County, City, or Place, before whom any such Offender shall be convicted or condemned, upocCoaditionoi shall grant a Reprieve for the flaying of Execution of such Offender, and recommend him or her to His Transportation, Majesty as a proper Object of his Majesty's Mercy; if His Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors, shall be and the same be graciously pleased to extend Royal Mercy to any such Offender upon Condition of Transportation to any juda^determined by^ne 01 America^ anc^ such Intention of Mercy shall l?e fienified by One of His Majesty's Principal Se-

the Principal Secretaries of State to the Judge so recommending; it shall and may be lawful for every such Judge, or cretariesof Sute, Justice of Over and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, to make an Order for the immediate Transportation of such Judge may every such Offender, in the same Manner as if such Intention of Mercy had been signified to him by lhe^mmediatef0 ®nc Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, during the Continuance of the Assizes at which

Tran^rutfonof^110^ Offender was condemned; and such Order shall be considered as an Order made at such Assizes or such Offender; Place, and shall be as effectual, to every Intent and Purpose, and shall have all the same Consequencesh in every Respect, as any Order for the Transportation of any Offender made by any Justice of Oyef and Terminer or Gaol Delivery for such County, City, or Place; and such Offender shall be transferred^ non be tra mfer-conveye^» and made over, to any Person who will contract for the Performance of such Transportation, »ed°and made^ancfto his and their Assigns, for the Term of Fourteen Years, in case such Condition of Transportatioit ver to the Coo be general; or else for such other Term or Terms as shall be made Part of such Condition, if any parti-txaflor, &c, cular Time be specified by His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, as aforesaid: And such Person or Persons so contracting as aforesaid. his or their Assigns, by virtue of such Order of Transfer as aforesaid. who shall have afhajf have a Property and Interest in the Service of the said Offender, for such Terms as aforesaid; and L7vkeyofft such Transportation shall have the Eftest of a Pardon under the Great Seal for such Offender, as to th6 Ofl^nder°for ^he Crime of which he or she was so convicted; But if such Offender, so ordered for Transportation, shall Term for which be afterwards at Large within any Part of this Kingdom of Great Britain, without some lawful Cause, heor/he it to be before the Expiration of the Term for which such Offender shall have been ordered to be transported; transported. Of-every such Person, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without of Clergy; and shall be tried before such Judges, and in such Manner, and the same Evidence Great Britain, made use of for his or her Conviction, as are directed, by the Laws now in being, for the Trial of other without lawful Felons found at Large within this Kingdom before the Expiration of the Term for which they were Cause, before the ordered to be transported: And whoever mail discover, apprehend and prosecute to Conviction of Felony Eepi^tion of the wjtj1°ut Benefit of Clergy, any such Offender so found at Large within this Kingdom, shall be intitlea lhfrerDlSth-and°to Hke Reward of Twenty Pounds, and Certificate, and in the same Manner, as any Person may be the Person appre- entitled to for discovering, apprehending, and prosecuting to Conviction, any Person ordered to be trans-hending and pro ported, and found at Large within this Kingdom before the Expiration of the Term for which such fecuting such Per- person was ordered to be transported.

|ontoConviction, is jntiiied to 20l. Reward, ami a Certificate.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for making and widening a Passage or Street from The Salt Market Street, in the City of Glasgow, to Saint Andrew's Church, in the said City; and for enlarging and com pleating the Church-yard of the said Church; and for making and building a convenient Exchange or Square in the said City; and also for explaining and amending an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of His late Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde, to the City of Glasgow \ and for building a Bridge croft the said River from the said City to the Village of Got bells.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by the great Increase of Inhabitants in the City of Glasgow,* an additional Church became necessary, which the Magistrates and Council of the said City have, at a very considerable Expence, erected and built accordingly, and which is called or known by the Name, of Saint Andrew's Church: And whereas, it is further necessary, for the Use and Benefit of the Inhabitants of the said City, and of others referring to the said Church, that there should not only be a proper and commodious Passage to the same, by and from the Street called The Salt Market Street, but also that the Arek or Church-yard of the said Church should be free and open: And whereas the said Magistrates and City Council have also, at a considerable Expence, erected and built a Town Hall upon the West Side of the Tolbooth, and near the Cross of Glasgow* and it would be of great Advantage to the said City, to have an Exchange or Square near the said Town Hall for the Use and Resort of Merchants and others; for which Purpose, she laid Magistrates have purchased several old Houses and Areas on the North Side of the said Town Hall and Tolbooth, but the Premises so purchased-are not sufficient for building

455

A.D. 1768. Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 16.

building the said Exchange or Square: And whereas these Works, so necessary for the Convenience and Advantage of the said City, and of all Persons referring thereto, cannot be carried into Execution without the Aid of Parliament: Therefore, upon the Petition of the Magistrates and Council of the said City of Glasgow, on Behalf of themselves and the Community of the said City j* be it enacted by the King s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, pnWfrofthcMa-That it shall and may be lawful for the Magistrates and City Council of Glasgow, and their Successors, g:rtme* am by themselves, their Deputies, Agents, Workmen, and Servants, and they aie hereby impowered and Couuc|h authorised, to make and compleat a convenient Passage or Street from the said Street called The Salt Mar-kit Street, to the said new Church called Saint Andrew's Churche not exceeding Seventy Feet in Breadth, as also to open and compleat the Area or Church-ynrd of the said Church; and likewise to make, erect, build, and compleat, a commodious Exchange or Square upon the North Side of the said Town Hall and Tolbooth.

II. And, for enabling the said Magistrates and City Council to effect the several necessary Purposes Power g?*rn t# aforesaid, be it further enacted, That the said Magistrates and City Council, and their Successors, shall purchase Land?, have full Power and Authority to treat and agree with the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, Houses,£or ,ari,c Tenements, and other Hereditaments, as lie upon the East Side of the said Salt Market Street, bounded conwn^nt by the Lands belonging to the Heirs of the deceased James G/V#Goldsmith in Glasgow, on the North; street ox Paifrgc. and Lands of the Heirs of the deceased John Brown Bookseller in Glasgow, the Lands belonging to the

Heirs of the deceased Andrav Scot of Kirklee, and the Lands belonging to John Wright Baker in Glasgow, on the South, and including within the said Boundaries; and allb an ota ruined Tenement belonging, or reputed to belong, to the Heirs of Robert Pirrie Merchant in Glasgow, as also an old ruinous Timber Tenement of Land, and a Piece of Waste Ground belonging, or reputed to belong, to the Creditors of the late Andrew Scot of Kirklee, and Margaret Browny Sifter of the said John Br<nvn\ as also a Tenement of Land belonging, or reputed to belong, to William Mickelhoxe, Maltman, John Wright, Baker, and James Boyd, Shopkeeper; as also an old ruinous Thatch-house belonging, or reputed to belong, to the said Andrew Scot; and after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed on between the said Magistrates and Council, and the said Owners and Occupiers respectively, for the Purchase of such respective Premises, to order the said Houses to be taken down, the Areas to be cleared, and the Ground, or so much thereof as shall be thought necessary, to be laid out for making and compleating a convenient Passage or Street from the said Street called The Salt Market Street to the new Church aforesaid, and to cause the said Street and Passage to be laid or paved in such a Manner, as the said Magistrates and City Council shall appoint.

III. And, be it further enacted, That the said Magistrates and City Council, and their Successors, and to finift shall also have full Power and Authority to treat and agree with the Owners and Occupiers of thecborcil small Slip of Land belonging, or reputed to belong, to Janet Smith, Daughter of the deceased Thomas

Smith, late Writer in Edinburgh, containing Three Roods. Twenty-four Falls, and Sixteen Yards of Grounds, or thereabout, in Measure, lying on the South Side of the said Saint Andrew's Church, and bounded by the Town of Glasgow's Ground on the North, by the Ground of the said Janet Smith on the South and East, and by the Molendinor Burn on the Weft Parts; as also that little Yard belonging, or reputed to belong, to Alexander Spiers, Peter Murdoch, Thomas Buchanan, James Doug all, and Partners, of the Hatt Factory in Glasgow, and John Blair, Merchant there, and — Alexander Widow of Master George Black-welly late Minister at Bathgate, measuring Sixteen Falls and Twenty-four Yards, or thereabout, bounded by the Grounds belonging to the Town of Glasgow on the South and East, and by the Molendinor Burn, on the North and Weft Parts; and after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed on between the said Magistrates and City Council, and the said Owners and Occupiers respectively, for the Purchase of such respective Premises, to lay out and include the same, or so much thereof as shall be thought necessary, into the said Area or Church-yard in such Manner as they shall think fit.

Iv. And be it enacted, That the said Magistrates and City Council of Glasgonv, and th eir Successors, »n<1 f0 Pmcbafr shall likewise have full Power and Authority to treat and agree with the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, Houses, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, as lie near the said Town Hall and Tolboorh,108 an w and are bounded by the same on the South; by the Town of Glasgow's Lands, and the four Tenement of Land belonging to the Heirs of John Legat, and the Tenement belonging to Thomas Falconer Merchant, on the East; the Lands belonging to the Heirs of John Damsel, Merchant, and John Baxter Cork-cutter, and the Town of Glasgow's Lands, on the North; and the Lands of Robert and J:hn ll il-liamfon Grocers in Glasgow, oq the Weft Parts; and including within the said Boundaries the small Timber Tenement of Land belonging or reputed to belong to Nathaniel Jones Shoemaker; as also the House at the Back of the said John Legat's fore Lands, also belonging or reputed to belong to him; also a ruinous Timber Land belonging or reputed to belong to Thomas Falconer Merchant, and also an old House belonging or reputed to belong to John Hunter \ and after Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed on between the said Magistrates and Council, and the said Owners and Occupiers respectively, for the Purchase of such respective Premises, to order the said Houses to b.: taken down, and to lay out and use the Ground, or so much thereof as (hJl be thought necessary, for the Purpose of creeling and building thereon such Exchange or Square as aforesaid, in such Form and Manner as the said Magistrates and City Council shall think fit, so that the Exchange or Square to be erected and built do not exceed One hundred and fifty Feet in length from Ealt to Weft, nor One hundred Feet in breadth from North to South.

456 G. 16. Anno octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1768.

V. And be it enacted, That the said Magistrates and City Council for the Time being, and their Suc-

in-.powered to pay ceflors, shall be authorised and impowered to pay for the said Lands, Houses, Tenements, and other

touJieLinds,^. Hereditaments, and for the making of the said Street or Passage, as also for the compleating the said Church-yard, and building the said Exchange or Square out of such Sums as they shall be able to raise by voluntary Contributions, or out of the common Stock, Funds, and Revenues, of the Corporation and Community of the said City, roiles Politick,

VI. And be it further ene&ed, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politick, Corpo-&V. irmowered rate, or Collegiate, Trustees, Heirs of Entail, Tutors or Curators for Infants, Minors, Idiots, furious to^ell tothcMa-°r other Persons, and to and for all and every other Person or Persons whatsoever, who are

atc*‘ or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in, any of the said Lands, Houses, Tenements, or other

Hereditaments, whether by Title, held in Fee-simple, or Entailed, to sell and convey to the said Ma-

eistrates and City Council all or any such Lands, Houses, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, or any

Part thereof, for the’ Purposes aforesaid; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Sales, or other Conveyances, that shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes; any Law or Statute, Usage or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: And that all Trustees, Heirs of Entail, Tutors or Curators, Corporations, Proprietors, or Incumbrancers, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Acth IftheOwners re-

VII. And if it shall happen that any such Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, Trustee or Trustees, Heirs

fufc or xito of Entail, Tutors or Curators, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or any other Person or Per-

treat. fons, interested as aforesaid, after Twenty-one Days Nolice.given to them, or left with some Tenant or Tenants, in Possession of such Lands, Houses, Tenements, and Hereditaments respectively, shall neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree for the Purchase of such Lands^ Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part or Parts thereof, or for their Interest therein; or by Reason of Absence, or other Circumstances, shall be prevented from treating, or (halt not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premises they are in Possession of, or to the Interest they claim, to the Satisfaction of the said Magistrates ' and City Council; then, in any such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the said Magistrates and City

Mig ft^atestoap-Council to apply by Petition to his Majesty's Sheriff-depute of the County of Lancrk, setting forth this piy iotheShciiff. of Parliament, and that the Parties inter.efted have refused or neglected to treat or contradf, or are prevented from treating or contracting, for the Purchase of the said Lands j Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or have not produced and evinced a clear Title to the Premises they are in Possession of,

or to the Interest they claim; and therefore praying him to flic and ascertain the just Amount and Value

The \ Sheriff to°^ ^ands, Houses, and Hereditaments respectively: And it shall and may be lawful to the said fctUe the CPrice, Sheriff-depute, and he is hereby impowered and required, upon receiving such Petition, to order Notice thereof to be given by a proper Advertisement in One or other of the Glasgow News Papers; and also a particular Notice to be given to the Owners or Occupiers of the said Lands, Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments, personally; or by leaving at their Dwelling-house or at the Dwelling-house of One of the Tenants or Occupiers of the Premises respectively, a full Copy of the said Petition, and with an Order to give in their Answer or Objections, if they any have, within Ten Days after such Service: determined by Tummoning a And after the Elapse of the said Time, it shall and may be lawful for the said Sheriff-depute, and he is Jury. hereby impowered and required, to issue his Precept or Precepts for summoning and impannelling a competent Number of substantial and disinterested Persons, Proprietors of Lands, Houses, or other Hereditaments, within the said City of Glasgow>, not less than Twenty in Number, nor more than Thirty* each of them possessed of an Estate of Fifty Pounds Scots of valued Rent in the Cess or Stent Roll of the said City; which Persons, so to be summoned and returned, are hereby required to come and appear before the said Sheriff-depute, at such Times and Places as, in the said Precept or Precepts, shall be directed and appointed; of which Time and Place for the Meeting of the Jury, the said Parties interested, or some of their Tenants living on the Premises respectively, shall have due Notice given them in Manner above mentioned; and out of such Persons so to be summoned and returned, the Sheriff-depute shall appoint a Jury of Fifteen Persons-; before whom the said Magistrates and City Council, and the Parties interested, shall or may bring a Proof by habile Witnesses for estimating and ascertaining the just and real Value and Price to be paid by the said Magistrates and Council for the said Lands, Tenements, Houses, or other Hereditaments; with Power to the said Sheriff-depute to issue his Order, and to compel the Parties interested, and all others, having in their Custody, or Possession any Title-deeds or other Papers containing the Rights of, or relative to, the Premises, to exhibit and produce the same in Judgment jury to be sworn. before the said Jury; and the said Sheriff-depute is hereby impowered and required, before proceeding to take the Evidence, to administer an Oath to the Jury to return a true Verdict according to the Evidence, and to take down in writing the Evidence of the Witnesses to be given by them upon Oath, and to adjourn, from Time to Time, until the Evidence shall be concluded by both Parties; and thereupon the and return their Jury shall return their Verdict in Writing, ascertaining the Value of the said Lands, Tenements, Houses, Verd-a ia Wric-or other Hereditaments, as to them shall seem jjuft; which Determination shall be final and binding upon a-1 Parties, and a Copy thereof shall be fairly written on Paper or Parchment, and shall be signed by the Foreman of the Jury, the Chief Magistrate of the City of Glasgow^ and the said Sheriff, and shall be entered in the Records of the said City; and the same, or Extracts thereof, shall be deemed and taken as good and lawful Evidence in all Courts of Law or Equity whatsoever.

Up^n Payment or

VIII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, so to be settled 01 the and ascertained by the said. Jury, to the lawful Owner* and-Proprietors of the said Lands, Houses, Tene-

A.D. 1768. Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 16. 457

ments, or other Hereditaments, or legal Tenders thereof made to him, her, or them, respectively, at his,

her, or their Dwelling-house, in case such Party or Parties can be found; and on Refusal of the same, or

in case the said Party or Parties have no Dwelling-house in Glasgow, or in case they shall not be able to e-

vince their Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Magistrates and City Council, or that the

Subjects are incumbered or entailed, so that the Price of the same cannot be legally paid over ro the Parties

interested; then, upon Payment and Consignation thereof, with the Approbation, and by Warrant of the said Sheriff-depute, into any of the Banking Companies in Glasgow^ for the Use of the Parties interested,

thereto remain till it shall be issued by Order of the said Sheriff-depute, and upon Notice of such Payment

and Consignation, left in Writing at the Dwelling-house of fame enant cr Occupier of the Premises, and

lawful Evidence thereof being laid before the said Sheriff-depute.; then, and in any c.f these cases, it shall the Sheriff tmd-

and may be lawful for the said Sheriff to difeern and adjudge the Rill Right and Property of the said Lands, 3u??e the Pc-

Houses, Tenements, and other Hereditaments respectively, to appertain and belong to the Magistrates the

and Council of the City of Glasgow, for and on behalf of the Community and Corporation of the said8 ra

City, as fully and freely as if the respective Proprietors had disponed and conveyed, or had resigned the

feme ad remanentlamy to and in favour of the said Magistrates and City Council; and it shall then, and not

before, or otherwise, be lawful to and fqr the said Magistrates and City Counc l to enter upon the Pre-

mises, and to convert and dispose of the same for the Purposes of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money to be paid and consigned by the said Magistrates The Money t<* and City Council, with the Approbation and by Warrant of the said Sheriff-depute as above directed, to1* consigned to any of the Banking Companies in Gla/^ow. in case of inefficient or unsatisfactory Titles, shall forthwith, those "tercfted* by Order and Direction of the said Sheriff-depute, be lent out on proper Security, and for such interest as can be got for the same, there to remain until the Point of Right shall be settled in due Course of Law, or until the said Sheriff-depute shall, upon Application of any of the Parties concerned, think fit, from Time to Time, to order the said Money ro be raised, in order to be lent out again, in Manner aforesaid; or in case of Entails, until the Court or Session shall order the said Price to be lent out and secured, as above directed; with Power to the said Sheriff-depute, if he fees fit, to order Payment of the annual Rent to the Person who shall be in Possession as Proprietor of the Premises respectively, at the Time the Verdict shall be returned by the Jury, in Manner aforesaid.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who would be in-interefi of the titled to recover the mesne Profits of the Premises, against the Person or Persons in Possession, in case thepu£ba!* m®ne7 fame had not been so vested in the said Magistrates and City Council, as aforesaid, shall be intitled to re-|£n8

cover the Sum or Sums to arise from such interest, as aforesaid, by Action of Debt, or otherwise against mesne Profit*, the Person or Persons who shall receive the same: And the said Magistrates and City Couiicil shall be quiet- Magistrate* an* cd in the Possession of the said Lands, Houses, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, for the Purposes a-Town Council foresaid, and shall be indemnified, and not be answerable or accountable in any Court of Law or Equity, to be indemnified for the Money so deposited, lent out, or applied, any other Ways than according to the Tenor, Purport, and true meaning of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That m case there shall be no Challenge for Five Years, from and after if Premise* not the Consignation of the Price of such Premises, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Sheriff challenged in 5 to issue his Warrant in Writing for Payment as well of such Price, as of all interest that shall be due there-^ea"\Ownpr on, to the Person or Persons who were in Possession, as Proprietor or Proprietors, of such House or Houses, barrcd

Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, at the Time the Value thereof was settled and ascertained,

as aforesaid, or to their lawful Heirs or Assigns; and all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, not making such Challenge, within such Time as aforesaid, and not prosecuting such their Right, Claim, or Demand, with Effect, within the Space of Five Years after such Challenge, as aforesaid, shall be for ever barred of all Right, Title, Use, Equity, Property, Claim, or Demand whatsoever, whether in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, in, to, upon, or out of, the said Premises, and every Part thereof; and the said Magistrates and City Council, and their Successors, and those claiming by, from, or under them, shall be quieted in the Possession of all such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises: any Law, Statute, Usage, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding.

All- Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons, barred of any Right, Liberty to Title, Estate, interest. Claim, or Demand whatsoever, in, to, or out of, the said Lands, Tenements, r'covcrthe Pur* and Hereditaments, by virtue of this Act, shall be at liberty to bring any Action or Actions of Debt, for n.

Money had and received to his or their Use, against any Person or Persons, or the legal Representative ofceiving the same; any Person or Persons, who received the Purchase-money arising from such Sale of the said Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises aforesaid; and that in every such Case, the respective Plaintiffs, on Proof of such Title, as would have enabled them to recover, such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, or any Estate or interest in the same, shall recover the said Purchase-money. or so much thereof as shall be equivalent to their interest in the said Premises, together with such interest as shall be equivalent to the melne Profits of the Premises which they would have been intitled to recover, in case this Act had not been made.

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Lands, Houses, Tenements, or other Heredi-prjrc or Woufe* taments, under Entail, are purchased/or the Purposes aforesaid, "the Price of the Premises shall, by Au- under Enui), to thority of the Court of Session, belaid oufcupon Land, or other heretable Security, and the Rights and Securities

45* C. 16. Anno octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1768.

devised and taken to the same Series of Heirs, and with the same Conditions, as are contained in the

original Title-deeds of the Subjects under Entail, purchased for the Uses aforesaid, or to so many thereof as shall be then existing and capable of taking Effect.

Sheriff-depute to

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Sheriff-dcpute of the County of Lanerk for the Time being, settle Proporti- may and is hereby impowered to settle what Shares and Proportions of the Purchase-monies shall befoa-be* ald^plr-0£rcc^ for or assessed by the said Juries, in Manner as aforesaid, shall be allowed to any Tenant or other ticsPinterested.r" «rfon, having a particular Estate, Term orlnterest, in the Premises, for his, her, or their respective Interests therein, except in such Cases where the same are herein directed to be laid out and inverted in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments.

If the Money is

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Sum or Sums so assessed by the »ot tendered, the said Jury, and ordered and adjudged by the said Sheriff-depute to be paid to the Owners, Occupiers, and said Verdias and others, for their respective Interests in the Premises aforesaid, shall not be paid, tendered, or consigned, as judgement* n<* herein directed, within Six Calendar Months next after the same shall have beep so assessed, ordered, and

to t m ing. atjjuc|ged. then, and in such Case, the Verdict of the said Jujy, ants the Order and Adjudication of the said Sheriff-dcpute, shall not be binding upon the said Parties\\ apyThing herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

Notice to be gif-

XVI. Provided also, That previous Notice shall be given to the Tenants and Occupiers of such Lands, Wiemove!UpiW!^oufes, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, as are tp, be fp converted and disposed of Forty Days at leart before the Term of Whitsunday, at which the said Y/enajitp and ^Occupiers are to be removed by warning them, as is usual and competent by the Law of Scotland*

Sheriff*depute

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Sheriff-deputje shall have Power, from Time to Time, FinY ,rrFCpC r to hnpose any reasonable Fine, not exceeding the Sqrxiof, Pive Pounds, on any of the Persons who shall be making Default!^ummone(^ a°d returned on any such Jury or Juries, who (halTnot appear, or who shall refuse to be sworn 'on the said Jury or Juries, or being so sworn, shall not give his or their Verdict; and ^lfo on any Person or Persons who shall be summoned to give Evidence touching any of the Matters aforesaid, and shall not attend, or shall refuse to be sworn, or who being sworn, shall refuse to give his, her, or their Evidence; and on any other Person or Persons who shall in any Manner wilfully neglect his, her, or their Duty in the Premises. contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and, from Time to Time, to levy such Fine or Fines by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, together with the reasonable Charges of every such Dirtrefs and Sale, returning the Overplus, if any, to the Owner; and all such Fines shall be applied to the Purposes of the Act.

ftecinl of the XVIII. ‘ And whereas by an Act of the Thirty-second Year of His late Majesty King George the 32 G* c Second, intituled, An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde to the City of Glasgow; and for Act not pub- building a Bridge crops the said River, from the said City to the Village of Gorbells; the Magistrates and lifted in the City Council of Glasgow were authorised and impowered to clean, scour, straighten, enlarge, and im-usual collection.( prove, the said River Clyde, from Dumbuckford to the Bridge of Glasgow, and to dig, cut, and deepen, € the same, or any Part thereof, and thereby to make the said River more navigable or partible for Boats, € Barges, Lighters, or other Vessels; and also to build a new Bridge across the said River Clyde* at any Place near the present Bridge which to them should seem most convenient; and to ask, demand, receive,

and take, certain Tolls and Pontages for the Passage over the said new Bridge; and, on the Credit there of, to borrow certain Sums of Money for defraying the Expence of building the said Bridge, and other

Ends and Purposes contained in the said Act: And whereas it will be most convenient and advantageous

to the said Cjty, that the said Bridge should be built within the Limits herein after mentioned; therefore’ be it enacted, That the said Magistrates and City Council, and their Successors in Office, shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby impowered artd authorised, to build and erect the said Bridge

" crossrhe laid River Clyde, at any Place between a Line leading Southward from the £aft Side of the Bot-

tom of the Street called The Salt Market Street, and a Line leading Southward from thei West Side of the Bottom of the Street called Jamaica Street, both in the said City; and also to erect, build, and make, all necessary and proper Abutments, Ramparts, Wings, Walls, Banks, Ways, and other Works, for the Use, Support, Preservation, of the said intended Bridge; and to make all proper Streets, Passages, and Communications thereto, as they shall judge necessary, not exceeding One hundred Feet in Breadth; and to ask, demand, and receive, the same Tolls and Pontages for the Passage over the said fridge, as the said Magistrates and Council are authorised and impowered to ask, demand, and receive by the said Act for the 4. Passage over the Bridge thereby directed to be built, in case the same had actually been built,

appointed, fa-6 XfX. Provided always, That the said Bridge shall be built at such fit and commodious Place as shall be on a pro-fixed upon by the Report of Two Surveyors upon Oath, One to be named by the said Magistrates and per pi.ee for Town Council, and the other by the Commissioners after named, at their first General Meeting; and, in bmiding the Default of such Nomination at the said first General Meeting by the said Commissioners, that then the

u said Magistrates and Council shall have Power, and are hereby impowered, to name both the said Surveyors

for the Purposes aforesaid; and in case of Difference between the said Two Surveyors so to be appointed as aforesaid, they^he said Surveyors shall, and they are hereby required to choose an Overfman or Referee, who is hereby required to make such Determination therein, upon Oath, as he shall think proper,' which Sat'ifaction to be Determination shall be final and conclusive.

*ude for Damage

XX. Provided always, That Satisfaction and Recompence be made to the Owners or Occupiers of any Land or Hereditaments that shall be thereby damaged or prejudiced, in the same Way and Manner as is

herein

A.D. 1768 Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 16, 17. 459

herein before provided for in the Case of Purchases of Land to be made for the said Magistrates and Coun-done to priTjte *cil for the Purposes first mentioned in this Acth Property.

XXI. Provided also, That for making of the said Streets, Communications, and Passages, to and from ftt with the said Bridge, nothing herein contained shall extend to the pulling down or destroying any House of Six- ic widen-

teen Feet in Width, or whereof the Side Walls are above Twelve Feet in height. u,g the Succu.

XXII. And whereas the Payment of the said Tolls and Pontages cannot be effectually secured, un less the said Magistrates and City Council be also authorised and impowered to deepen and th>p the Fords of the said River, as well above as below the said old Bridge, and near the said new Bridge / be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Magistrates and City Council of Glafow shall have^® ^r^e" full Power and Authority, and they are hereby impowered and authorised, as soon as the said new-intend-c/c. as the ed Bridge shall be made passable, to cause all Jbords through the said River, from the East Side of Molendi- n« iind*e ii nor Burtu> where it runs into the River Clyde, Ind from thence to that Part of the said River opposite to the n*a<ic House of JStobb Cross (the Distance betwixt these Two Places measuripg One. Mile and a Quarter of a Mile) to be stopt up, and the Channel of the said River to be dug and made deeper, and the Banks of the said River to becur, and Ports and Rails, or other Fences, to be eie&ed thereon, to prevent any Persons evad- 1 ing the Payment of the Tolls and Pontages giverrand granted by the said Act.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That in case the said Magistrates and City Council, and their Successors in After the new Office, shall think fit to keep up the old Bridge after the new-intended Bridge shall be built, they shall Bridge is bave full Power and Authority; and they are hereby impowered and authorised, as soon as the said new- ble» ^arr,3Pcf intended Bridge shall be made passable, to prohibit and stop the Passage of all Wheel Carriages, Sledges, or "®r "°[hee',0^c* other Carriages, or of any Horses, Cattle, Sheep, Swine, or any other Sort of Cattle or Beasts, over the Bridge.

said old Bridge; but to keep the flme intirely as a free Bridge for the Use of Foot Passengers only; any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the following Persons shall be Com- Commissionwt missioners to inspect the Accounts, Receipts, and Disbursements, of the Tolls and Pontages of the said appointed to mi-intended Bridge; videlicet, The Representatives in Parliament for the Time being for the Counties ofnaBct^eToll, of Lancrk, Dumbarton^ and Renfrew^ and for the District of Boroughs confiding of Glasgow, Dumbarton^lheBnd*e# Renfrew, and Rutherglen; the Sheriff-deputes of the said Counties of Lanerky Dumbarton, and Renfrew,

for the Time being; the Provosts of the Burghs of Dumbarton, Rutherglen, and Renfrew, for the Timfc being; the Bailie of Port Glasgow for the Time being; and all and every Person and Persons now stand^ ing, and who shall stand, severally and each for himself, seised in and possessed of Lands in Property, valued in the Land Tax or Supply Books of the Counties of Laneri and Renfrew respe&iyely, at One thousand Pounds Scots Money, or upwards; and Twenty Citizens of Glasgow, to be nominated yearly by the said Magistrates and Council, and their Successors, in Common Council assembled; which Persons are to bd Commissioners for the Ends and Purposes aforesaid: And the First Meeting of the Commissioners before appointed shall be held on the Third Wednesday of April One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, at the Town Clerk’s Chambers of the said City of Glasgow; and the said Commissioners ftjall then adjourn themselves, and hold their subsequent meetings at the Town Clerk’s Chambers aforesaid; provided fourteen Days previous Notice be given of such Meetings in the Glasgow or Edinburgh News Papers; and that the said Commissioners, at their first and every subsequent Meeting, shall defray their own Charges and Expences.

XXV. And whereas the Tolls and Pontages imposed and granted by the said Act may in Course of Toll* t«er*fe

uutano ror creating runas lumcient to purcnaic, at the rrice a;tcr mentioned, irom tnc iaiv, iviagiitraccs t and Council of GUifgowy the Ground Right and Property of the present Bridge over the Clyde belongings. 4 to the said City, as well as sufficient for the perpetual Maintenance and Repair of both the said Bridges;

And the said Magistrates and Council, on behalf of themselves and of the Community of the City of Glofgowy being willing and desirous that so soon as the said Tolls and Pontages shall have produced clear Money sufficient for answering all the Purposes aforesaid, and that the same shall have been so applied.

accordingly, that from thenceforth the said Tolls and Pontages shall cease, and the Passage of the said New Bridge shall be declared to be for ever free ;* be it therefore farther enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall have Power, and they are hereby impowered, authorised, and required, from Time to Time, and at all Times, upon Application to them by the said Magistrates and Counsellors, to liquidate and ascertain the Costs and Expences of the said Two Acts of Parliament, so far as the same relate to the said Bridge, and of the building, maintaining, and repairing, of the said intended Bridge, as well as the clear Income and Produce, from Time to Time of the said Tolls and Pontages of the new Bridge; and so loon as the same shall have produced clear Money sufficient for repaying the full Sums liquidated and ascertained to have been expended as aforesaid, with interest thereof, and also for purchasing of the present Bridge at the Price after mentioned, together with such further Sum or Sums as the said Commissioners, or any T'ive or more of them, shall find to be necessary for producing an annual Rent sufficient to defray for ever after the Expences of maintaining and repairing of the said Two Bridges;, that then the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall direct and allow Retention or Payment of the said Sum and Sums of Money to the Magistrates and Counsellors of the said City of Glasgow^ and shall discharge and relcai'e them in respect thereof; and upon such Payment or.Retention, ancTDif-

N n n 2 charge

460 G. i6f 17. Anno oftavfc Georgii III. A.D. 1768.

charge being made, shall declare all Tolls and Pontages for the said new Bridges to have ceased, and the same to be for ever after free.

Price for the old Bridge not to V*coed 20 Years purchase.

Pvjblick Act.

XXVI. Provided always, That the Price to be paid to the Magistrates and Council for the present Bridge shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be. Twenty Years Purchase of the clear annual Income of the Tolls and Pontages of the said Bridge, to be taken at an Average for Ten Years, from the First of January, One thousand seven hundred and fifty, to the First of January, One thousand seven hundred and sixty, together with Interest for the said Price, from the Time that Tolls have begun to be taken for the said intended new Bridge $ and that the said Two Bridges, after they become free Bridges as aforesaid, and the Funds to be appropriated for the Maintenance and Repair of the same, shall continue and remain for ever under the Direction and Management of the said Provost and Council, and of the Commissionera named in this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed a Publick Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XVII.

An Act to amend an ‘Act made in the Seventh Year of King George the First, intituled An M for regulating the Journeymen Taylors within the fVeekly Bills of Mortality.

Vi«»mble, reclt-« T WHEREAS by an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George 3? c/fr the First, intituled. At1 Act for regulating the Journeymen Taylors within the fVeekly Bills of Mart a- lity; Power is given to the Justices of the Peace, at their General Quarter Sessions, within the Limits in the said Act mentioned, from Time to Time, upon Application being made to them for that Purpose,

to take into Consideration the Plenty or Scarcity of the Times, and other Circumstances, and thereupon to alter and regulate the Wages and other Allowances, directed by the said Act to be paid and made to,

and the Hours for Work of Journeyman Taylors and Servants retained or employed in the Art or Mystery of aTaylor, within their respective Jurisdictions; and also to punish all Persons not complying with the Terms of the said Act, or of such Rules and Regulations, in Manner in the said Act mentioned: And whereas, by virtue of the Power aforesaid, the Justices of the Peace, at their General Quarter Sessions, within the City of London and County of Middlesex respectively, have, from Time to Time, made Orders, Rules, and Regulations, with respect to the Hours of Working, and the Wages and Allowances to be paid and made to Journeymen Taylors, and others, as aforesaid; but Doubts anti Dif- Acuities having arisen, touching the Prosecution of*Persons offending against the said Act, or against the said Rules, Orders, and Regulations, and many subtle Devises having been practised in order to evade the said Rules, Orders, and Regulations, the due Execution of the said Act hath been greatly obstruct- ed: And whereas it is necessary that the said Act should in foine other Respects be explained and amend- ed: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and* be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent1 of the Lohls Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after Hours and Price (he Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, the Hours of Work in the nLcd^wfthm a1 Day for Servants or Journeymen, to be employed in the Business of a Taylor within the City of London^ cert^WDiitria.ano Five Miles thereof, shall be from Six of the Clock in the Morning until Seven of the Clock in the Evening, with an Interval of One Hour only for Refreshment; and that there shall be paid to every such Servant or Journeyman to be employed as aforesaid for his Work,' during the Hours aforesaid, the Wages or Allowances following; that is to say, Any Sum not exceeding Two Shillings and Sevenpence halfpenny per Diem, except during the Space of One Calendar Month from the Publication of any Order for a General Mourning by the Earl Marshal, in the London Gazette, and during that Space, any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Matter Taylor, or other Person professing, using, or exercising, the Art or Mystery of a Taylor, within the City of London, or within Five Miles tluorof, shall, after the said Twenty-fifth Day of Aforff^give, allow, or pay, or cause, permit, or suffer to be giwn, allow-Penalty on aft- ed, or paid, directly or indirectly, in Money, or otherwise, to any Servant or Journeyman in the Business of inj contrary to a Taylor, any more or greater Wages and Allowances, than the Wages or Allowances aforesaid, or such ;trCL ther Wages and Allowances as shall hereafter from Time to Xi^e he ordered and appointed by virtue and in pursuance of this Act; or if any Servant, Journeymen, or other Person, using and following the said Business ofa Taylor, within the Limits aforesaid; that is to say, With in the City of London, or within live Miles thereof,(hull have, receive, accept of, or take, in any Manner, direMy or indirectly, by himsell, or by any other Person to his Use, anymore or greater Wages or Allowances than as aforesaid, in Money, or otherwise \ every Person so offending, in any or either of the said cases, end being thereof convicted before any Tuo Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Liberty, Town, Borough,'or Franchise, wherein the Offence shall have been committed, either by Confi ftion of the Party, or upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witmfs or Witnesses (which O uhs the Cat Justices are hereby impowered and relabel to administer) upon any Information made, or Pioietution commenced before any such Two Jihffcj

*3 within

A.D. 1768. Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 17. 461

within their respective Jurisdictions, at any Time within three Months after the committing of such Offence, shall be committed to the^House of Correction for the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices, there to be kept to hard Labour, or to the Common Gaol, for any Time not exceeding Two Months, nor less than Fourteen Days, at the Discretion of the said Justices.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Two Justices impow. Justices of the Peace within the Limits aforesaid, and they are hereby required, on Information upon Oathere^.to caI1 Wit-made before them, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, that there is Reason to suspect that any Person or^eraon Sufpi-Persons using, exercising, or following, the Business of a Mailer Taylor, or Journeyman Taylor, within Hon thnt the a-the Limits aforesaid, hath given, paid, allowed, or received, greater Wages or Allowances than afore- bove Regulation said, at the Request of such Informant, to issue their Summons in Writin g signed by any such Two»sbrokcthrough. Justices, requiring any Clerk, Foreman, Apprentice, Servant, or other Person or Persons employed or

retained by such Person so suspected to have offended, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, whose*

Attendance such Informant shall think necessary, for the Purpose of giving Evidence in the Premises, to attend such Justices, or some other Two Justices acting for such County or Place, at a Time and Place in such Summons to be specified, to testify concerning the Premises; and if any such Person so summoned, shall not attend, and Proof shall be made of the Service of such Summons, either personally, or by leaving the same at the Jail or usual Place of Abode of such Person, it shall be lawful for such Two Justices, or any other Two Justices of the Peace acting for such County or Place, and they are hereby required (unless a reason able Excuse be made for such Non-attendance, to the satisfaction of such Justices; to issue their Warrant under their Hands and Seals* for the apprehending and bringing him or her before them, or some other Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for such County or Place, to be examined touching the Premises in the said Information contained; and if any such Person so attending, or being brought before such Justices, shall refuse to be examined, or give their Testimony touching the Premises in such Information contained, such Person shall by the said Justices be committed to the House of Correction, there to remain until he or she shall fubinit to be examined and to give Testimony as^foresaid.

IV. And whereas, under the Provisions of the said Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King Quarter Session*

George the First, it may happen that One and the same Rate of Wages and Allowances to Journeymen in"Undo* to Taylors, may not be appointed and established within the City of London and tVejiminjUr, and Weekly Regulati- Bills of Mortality, which would be highly inconvenient and prejudicial to the Public; now to prevent0"5 ior lhc f#' such Inconvenience, and to the End that One just and reasonable Rate of such Wages and Allowances turc\ ,

may be established within the City of London, and Five Miles therefrom, in future, subject nevertheless to

fiicfi Alterations as the Exigencies of the Times may require: be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor, Aldermen, and Recorder of the City of London fqr-the Time being, at their General Quarter Sessions, or General Sessions of the Peace assembled, and they are hereby authorised and required, from Time to Time, upon Application being made to them for that Purpose, to alter, regulate, order, and appoint, the Wages and Allowances to be paid or made to Journeymen Taylors and Servants retained or employed, or to be retained or employed, in the Art or Mystery of a Taylor, in the making up Mens and Womens Work within the City of London, or within Five Miles thereof, and the Hours of Work; and shall and may, within the Spaee of Fourteen Days next afeer the making every such Order, cause the same to be printed, published, and made known, in such Manner as to them shall seem meet, at the reasonable Expence of the Person or Persons applying for the same; and from and after Publication thereof, ail Taylors, and their Journeymen and Servants, within the Limits aforesaid, are hereby strictly required to obforve the same, the Provisions of the said Act of the Seventh of King George the First to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, That advertising such Orders of Sessions thr?e Times in any Two Daily New Sufficient No-Papers published in Lutid:n or Westminster, shall for the Purposes of this Act be deemed and allowed to be tltc* fuffeient No icj and Publication thereof.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act con- Providonsof this

tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to fix, controul, or regulate, the Wages or Allowances or Aan tto ex-Hours of Work, of Servants in the said Business of a Tay!or, bona Jtdey retained and employed as Fore- a^'lory

men; or to hinder the paying or receiving further or other Wages or Allowances (not exceeding Sixpence v°rr^ "*o* by thi flour in Times of General Mourning, and threepence by the Hour at any other Time or Times) Hour3.' which shall be agre d upon for working before or after the Hours of Work limited or appoint'd, or to be

limited or appointed aforesaid, so as such Overwork be not at any One Time less than One Hour, and be a&jiiPy and bona file done and performed by such Journeyman or Servant; and so as such Retainer or Employment, and fur. h.Agreement or Payment, be not made in Fraud of, or to elude, *he Regulations herein before provided wi;h respect to Wages, Allowances, and Hours of Working, settled and ascertained, or to be settled and ascertain d as aforesaid.

VII. And be it lurth r enacted b; the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fifth Penalty on Day of M ret. One thousand foven h- ndred and sixty-eight, if any Mailer Taylor, or other Person pro- *Ial*ers emPKn-'fcflr )g, using, or ixer iling, the Act or Mystery of a Taylor, icfiding or inhabiting within the Limits a- L mitsUto°L foresaid, fha1’, directly or mJrc&ly, in any Manner whatsoever retain or employ any Servant, Journey- vade this Act. ~ man, or o her Person, tiling or following the Business of a Taylor, in or about the making up Mens or Womens Work out of, or beyond, the Limits aforesaid, with Intent or Design to dude or evade this Act,

and

462 C. 17, 18, 19, 20, 21. Anno octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1768.

and shall give, allow, or pay, or cause to be given* allowed, or paid, directly or indirectly, to such Servant or Journeyman, any more or greater Wages or Allowances than the Wages or Allowances settled and ascertained, or to be settled and ascertained as aforesaid; every such Person mall, for every such Offence., forfeit the Sum of Five Hundred Pounds, to be sued for by Action of Debt, to be brought many of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; wherein no Essoin, Protection, of Wager of Law, or more than onelm^-parlance, shall be allowed; and wherein th^ Ordinary Costs of the Suit shall be paid; One Moiety of which said Forfeiture, when recovered, shall belong and be paid to the King’s Majesty, and his Successors, and the other Moiety to the Person who shall sue for the same.

Persons aggriev-

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be cd mjv appeal lawful for any Person convicted before any Two Justices of the Peace as before mentioned, to appeal to the to^he Quarter Justices of the Peace assembled at the next General Quarter Sessions, or General Sessions, to be held for ions. the County, City, or Place, wherein such Conviction shall be made, giving immediate Notice of such Appeal, and finding sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justices for being personally present at such General Quarter Sessions, or General Sessions, and for prosecuting the said Appeal with'EiFeft, and abiding the Judgement of the Court 5 and such Justices in such General Quarter Sessions, or General Sessions, shall finally hear and determine the Matter, and shall have Power to award reasonable Costy to either Party, as to them shall seem just 5 and if such Conviction shall be affirmed at such General Quarter Sessions, or General Sessions, such Appellant shall be committed to Prison for the Time specified in the said Conviction, and until Payment of the Costs so to be awarded, limitation of

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action shall be brought ji&iont. against any Justice of the Peace, Constable, Headborough, or other Officer, or against any other Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Matter or Thing whatsoever done or committed under, by virtue, or in the Execution of this Act, unless such Action shall be brought within Six Calendar Months next after the doing or committing of such Matter or Thing.

X. Provided also, That if any Action or Suit shall hereafter be commenced or prosecuted agairtft any Person or Persons for any Thing done under, by virtue, or in the Execution of this Act, such Person or funeral issue. Persons may plead the General issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence $ and if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuited, or sufferDifeontinuance, or forbear further Prosecution, or if Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants, such Defendant or Defendants shall recover his, her, full Costs. or their Full Costs, for which he, she, or they, shall have like Remedy as in Cases where Costs by Law are given to Defendants.

fttblick Act. XL An<1 be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be taken and allowed to be a Public Act in all Courts within this Kingdom of Great Britain j and all Judges and Justices of the Peace are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and forty-eight.

EXP.

CAP. XIX.

tfee Cm. III. An Act for further continuing an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An All $ 18. to amend and render more effectual, in His Majesty Dominions in America, an Act in this present Sef-

Jion of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. XX.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight.

EXP.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for the better paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the City of, and the Liberties thereof, and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances within the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned } and for repealing an Act made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign for those Purposes.

Recites Act 6 Coo* III. q, a6.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, certain Com- W missioners are appointed for the better paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the City of London% € and the Liberties thereof, and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances within the Tame, and for c o.her Purposes therein mentioned; and certain Powers are thereby granted to the said Commissioners to ? enable them to carry the said Act into Execution; And whereas the said Act hath been found to be de-

festive

A.D. 1768. Anno octavo Georg 1IIII.‘ C. 2r. 463,

fefttve in many Respects, and further Powers have been found wanting;, without which the good Purposes aforesaid cannot be effectuated: May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted $ and* be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the ForTeft. tI|e fame. That from and after the passing of this Act, the foie Powfcr and Authority of pitching, paving, power 0fPaving cleaning, and enlightening, the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages and Places, with- in the Mayor, in the said City of London, and Liberties thereof, shall be and the same is hereby vested in the Mayor and Commonalty, Commonalty, and Citizens, of the said City, to be executed by such Persons as by the said Mayor, Alder-

men, and Commons, of the said City, in Common Council assembled (by virtue and in pursuance of an Act of Parliament made in the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the better paving and 'cleansing the Streets and Sewers in and about the City of London) now are, or hereafter from Time to Time shall be, authorised and appointed by them, to be Commissioners of the Sewers for the said City and Liberties, or by any Seven or more of them; which said Persons, so from Time to Time authorised and appointed to be Commissioners of the Sewers for the said City and Liberties, shall be, and they are hereby constituted Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That the Authority of the said Commissioners forpr0vifr. the Time being shall in no wife be suspended or taken away, faveby the Appointment from Time to Time

of new Commissioners of the Sewers for the said City and Liberties.

III. Provided also, That the Recorder and Common Serjeant of the said City of London for the Time Recorder and

being, shall be, and they are hereby constituted and appointed Two of the Commissioners for carrying this Comm°n $«-Act into Execution. ' ^nx}^J:9ndon

IV. Provided alfp, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That all the Powers and Authorities^0anc, Comm,f‘"

by this Act granted to, or vested in, the said Commissioners hereby constituted as aforesaid, shall and may, The Powers to from Time to Time, be exercised by the Major Part of such of them as shall attend at any publick Meet- be exerdfed by ing of the said Commissioners, to be holden as herein after mentioned, the Number of the said Commis-^c maj°r Pars doners present at such public Meeting not being less than Seven (except for the Purpose of adjourning)

and all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings, of the major Part of the said Commissioners present at such public act publick Meeting, shall have the same Force and Effect~as if done or made by all the Commissioners constituted by Meeting.

this Act.

V. And it is hereby further declared and enacted, That the First publick Meeting of the said Commis- ,c*

(toners, to be had by virtue of and under this Act, shall be at such Time and Place as the Mayor of the Mct ins* said City shall think proper to order and appoint: And the said Mayor is hereby directed to order and appoint such First public Meeting to be held on or before the First Day of April next, and to cause the said Commissioners to be summoned to attend the same.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the major power toa^.

Part of the said Commissioners present at such First public Meeting, or at any subsequent public Meetingjourn.

of the said Commissioners (the Number so attending not being less than three) to adjourn such public Meeting to any future Day and Time, and to any Place within the said City and Liberties.

VII. Provided always, That every Commissioner shall have Notice to attend at such adjourned public Prov *

Meeting, by the usual Summons from the Clerk to the said Commissioners.

VIII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful to Mayor to ap-and for the Mayor of the said City for the Time being, from Time to Tinie, to appoint a publick Mcfct- P°im a P^lick ing of the said Commissioners, at any Time and Place he shall judge proper for the Execution of this Meet,n8*

Act, notwithstanding any Adjournment or Non-adjournment of the said Commissioners, and shall cause

the Lid Commissioners to be summoned to attend the same.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may, from Time to Time, Commissioneri at any of the said public Meetings, elect and appoint One or more Clerk or Clerks, and One or more Sur- to appoiot veyoror Surveyors, and also such and so many other Officers as they shall find necessary for the due Exe-Clerks* cution of this Act (Fourteen Days Notice of their Intention to proceed to such Election or Appointment

having been first printed and published in Two or more of the Daily News Papers, and Notice thereof being also expressed in the Summons for such public meeting) and the said Commissioners shall take such Security as they shall think proper for the due Execution of such respective Offices; and shall and may, from lime to Time, remove any of the said Officers at their Will and Pleasure, and appoint others in the Room of such as shall die, or be removed as aforesaid: And the said Commissioners shall and may, out of the Monies arising or toarife by virtue of this Act, appoint and pay such Salaries, Gratuities, and Allowances, as they shall judge reasonable, to such Officers, and to all such other Persons, as shall have been, or shall be employed in, or aiding and assisting about, the Execution of this Act.

X. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Clerk, Surveyor, or other Officer or Servant, who (b^Hcitfks^r. be employed by the said Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, or any Part thereof, shall exact, de-taking any Feu, mand, take, or accept, any Fee, Gratuity, or Reward whatsoever (other than such Salaries, Allowances, and Rewards, as shall be appointed, allowed, and approved of, by the said Commissioners for or on account of any Thing done, or to be done, by virtue of this Act; or for forbearing to do any Thing hereby, or by the said Commissioners, directed to be done, or on any Account whatsoever, relative to the Execution or Non-execution of this Act $ or shall any Way be concerned in Interest in any Bargain made, or to

1 be

464 C. 21, Anno octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1768.

be made, by the said Commissioners for any of the Purposes intended by this Act; every Person so offending shall, from thenceforth, for ever be incapable of being employed under this Act, and shall, over and above, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same; to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster^ or within the said City, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, to be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Offence committed; in which Action or Suit no Protection, Essoin, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

r.or entering

XI. And it is hereby further enacted, That all the Acts,'Orders, and Proceedings, of the said Com-PiocotJmgs! missioners, at their said publick Meetings, from Time to Time, shall be entered in a Book or Books to > be kept for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, and shall he signed by their Clerk for the Time being, and such Entries shall be deemed and taken to be the original Otaers and Proceedings of the said Commissioners; and such Book or Books shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

Allowing Per-

XII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Commissioners may, and they are hereby autho-fj"li ,not trec rifed and impowered, from Time to Time, to employ under them any fit Person or Persons, whether free employed.0 t^ie City or not, in or about the paving, repairing, keeping in Repair, and cleansing, all or any of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages and Places, within the said City and Liberties, and in and about the enlightening of the same, and in and about the several Works hereby directed to be performed; and to contract for the performance of the said Works, or any of them, with any Person or Persons whatsoever, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think fit: And that no Person or Persons who shall be so employed or contracted with, nor any Person or Persons to be set to work by or under them, or any of them, shall, for any Act done or to be done in or about any of the Works aforesaid, be subject or liable to any Action, Indictment, or Information, upon the Statute made in the Fifth Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act containing divers Orders for Artificers, Labourers% Servants of Husbandry, and Apprentices; or be liable to be sued for any Breach of the Custom of London, or for any Penalties inflicted by any Bye-law of the said City.

For giving No-

XIII. Provided always, That previous to the making of any such Contraft, Notice shall be given in C°n" f°me the Daily News Papers, that the said Commissioners do intend to make such Contraft, and that a * all Persons willing to engage therein may make Proposals to the said Commissioners at a certain Time and

Place in every such Notice to be specified; and all Contrafts made, or to be made, in consequence of such Notice, shall specify the several Works to be done, and the Price or Prices to be paid for the same, and the Time or Times when the said Works are to be completed, together with the Penalties to be incurred in case of the Non-performance thereof; and the same shall be signed by the Clerk for the Time being of the said Commissioners, as also by the Person or Persons contrafting to perform such Works respectively, and shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the said Commissioners.

No Member of

XIV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Person, being a Member of the Court of the Common Common Council of the said City, shall be directly or indirectly interested or concerned in any Contraft Council to be which shall be made or entered into by or on behalf of the said Commissioners for or concerning any of any ContraO. Works to be carried on or performed in pursuance of this Act, or for or concerning any Materials to be used or employed therein, upon Pain that every such Contraft shall be null and void; and that the Person who^ being a Member of the said Court, and shall be so interested or concerned therein, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same; to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Court of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, to be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Offence committed; in which Action or Suit respectively, no Protection, Essoin, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and every Person against whom the said Penalty shall be recovered, shall, for ever thereafter, be disabled from being electea a Member of the said Court of Common Council. For p^ing

XV. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Commissioners may cause all or any of the said

Streets. Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, to be new paved or repaired, when

and as often, and in such Manner, and with such Materials, as the said Commissioners shall think fit; and for such Purposes may, from Time to Time, cause to be dug, carted, and carried out of, or brought into, the same, or any of them, such Gravel, Stones, and other Materials, as they shall judge necessary; and may likewise cause the Ground thereof to be raised or lowered, the Course of the Channels running in or thro* the same to be turned or altered, and the Water Pipes which now lie, or hereafter shall be laid, under Ground, to be taken up and new laid in such Places, Manner, and Form, as they the said Commissioners shall judge best; and may cause such Posts as they shall think useless or inconvenient to be taken up and removed, and likewise all Steps, Bulks, Shew-glasses, and Shew-boards, encroaching upon the Footways, as also all Steps and Doors opening or leading from the Foot-ways into Vaults pr Cellars, to be removed or altered.

For taking away

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may cause all Signs, or 0 s* other Emblems, used to denote the Trade, Occupation, or Calling, of any Person or Persons, Sign-posts, Sign-irons, Pent-houses, Shew-boards, Spouts, and Gutters, projecting into any of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, or Places, and all other Encroachments, Projections, and Annoyances whatsoever, within the said City or Liberties, to be taken down and removed; and shall cause all Signs, or other Emblems, as aforesaid, Shew-boards and Gutters, or such Parts thereof as they shall

think

A.D. 176S; Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 465

think fit, to be affixed or placed on the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses. or Buildings, where-unto they respectively belong, or were before affixed, and not otherwise; and shall return, or cause to be returned, to the respective (Owners, so much of such Signs, or other Emblems, Sign-posts, or other Posts,

Sign-irons, Shew-boards, Spouts, and Gutters, as shall not be affixed or put up, or otherwise made use of, in the Alterations directed by this Act; and that, for the future, all Signs, Sign-boards, and Gutters, shall be placed or fixed on the Fronts of the Hous. s. Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings, to which they respectively belong, and not otherwise: And if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time hereafter, han^, place, erect, or build, any Sign, Sign-post, or other Port, Sign-iron, Pent-house, Shew-board, Spout, Cjutter, or other Projection, Obstruction, or Annoyance, or cause the same so be done, contrary to the Direction aforesaid; every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, and the further Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Day such Offence shall continue.

XVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any oirecting tl»*t Person or Persons to keep any Crane or Cranes already fixed up against any Warehouse or Warehouses, Cranes shall be within the said City and Liberties thereof, or to affix any Crane or Cranes to such Warehouse or Ware- kept close to the houses, and to make use of such Crane or Cranes, so as such Crane or Cranes be turned and kept close to J^a,r,s of w*rc* the Walls of such Warehouse or Warehouses when not in actual Use; any thing in this ACI, or any for- u cs*

mcr Law, Custom, or Statute, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And, for the more speedy Removal of sundry Nufances and Obstructions in the said City and ^>ir^n|0thtt Liberties, it is hereby further enacted, That if, after the Twenty-fifth pay of March next, any common ^Jrfd Stage Waggon or other Waggon, or any Cart, Dray, or other Carriage, shall, for the Purpose of loading the Simt above or unloading the same, or any Part thereof, be fuftered to (land or continue in any of the said Streets, Lanes, One Hour. Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, or Places, above the Space of One Hour at any One Time 5 or

if any Cart, Waggon, Pray, or other Carriage, shall be placed and suficred to (land athwart or across any such Street, Lane, Square, Yard, Court, Alley, Passage, or Place, for the loading or unloading thereof, or for any other Purpose whatsoever; or if any such Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, shall be suffered to (land or continue in any Part of such Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, or Places, longer than is necessary for the loading or unloading thereof; or if any Goods, Materials, or Things whatsoever, shall be laid or placed, and left in any such Street, Lane, Square, Yard, Court, Alley,

Passage, or Place, so as to obstruct the free Passage thereof $ then, and in every such Case, any One of the said Commissioners, or any One of their Officers to be by them appointed to remove Nufances, shall and may seize, or cause to be seized, the Stage Waggon, Cart? Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, so placed, or '

suffered to (land and continue, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, together with the Horseor Horses thereunto belonging, or the Goods, Materials, or Things, so laid or placed, and left as aforesaid, and remove the same, or caufp the same to be removed, to the common Pound of the said City, commonly called The Green Yard; there to be kept and detained until the Owner or Owners thereof, or his, her, or their known Servant or Servants, shall and do claim the same, and pay to the Person or Persons in whose Custody the same shall then be, the Sum of Twenty Shillings, together with the Charges of removing and keeping the same; and in case the same shall not be claimed, and the said Sum of Twenty Shillings and Charges paid, within the Space of Three Days next after such Seizure, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to cause the same to be appraised and fold, and the Monies arising therefrom shall be applied to the Purposes of thisAdh

XIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall erect or build, For prevents* or cause to be erected or built, any Polls, Bars, Rails, Boards, or other Things by way of Enclosure, for Bu ld:ngi or the Purpose of making Mortar, or depositing Bricks, Lime, or other Materials, for building or repairing Endofuies io any Houses, Buildings, or other Works, within the said City or Liberties, in any other Manner, or (haillhe Slrccu* fur cr the same to remain for any longer Time, than shall be necessary for such Building or Repairs; or shall lay any Rubbifti within such Enel sure, or on the Outside thereof, or near thereto; and Complaint thereof shall *e made to the said Commissioners by any Two Housholders of the said City or Liberties, and the said Commissioners shall, upon View, or other due Prcof of the Matter of the said Complaint, find the lame to be true; then, and in every such Case, the Person or Persons creating and building such Enclosure, and suffering the same to remain longer th; n shall be necessary as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings; and moreover, it shall and may be lawful to and for the ‘said Commissioners to cauf such Enclosure or Erection to I e pulled down and removed, and the Materials thereof, as also all Bricks, Mortar, Lime, or other valuable hings contained within the same, or thereto belonging, to be deposited in The Green Yard aforesaid, thtre to te kept and detained until the Owner or Owners thereof, or his, her, or their known Servant or Servants, shall and do pay, to the Person or Persons in whose Custody the same shall be, the Charges of pulling down and removing the same; and in case the same (had not be claimed, and the said Charges paid, within the Space of Eight Days next after such Seizure thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to order the same to be appraised and fold, and the Money arising therefrom shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act: And the said Commissioners are further authorised to remove such Rubbish to such Place as they shall think convenient; and every Person laying such Rubbish, or causing or procuring the same to be laid, within, or on the Outfule, or mar to such Enclosure, shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Treble the Value of the Costs of removing the same.

XX. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall flake Lime in the No l; to fee Eoot-way or Carriage-way of any of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards. Courts, Alievs, Passages, flakedmThe

OOOO %r Auctcsyc.

'466 C. 21.

Anno octavo Georgii III.

A. Dr

But not to re-

or Places, or in any House or Houses within the same; upon Pain that every Person so offending (lull, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings.

__________.4

XXI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to restrain any Bricklayer

strainBrickiayers or Plaisterer from flaking Lime within the Yards or Cellars of Houses which shall be new building or re-or Fhifterers tr> pairing, or within the Yards or Cellars belonging to the Dwelling-house of any such Bricklayer or lars^r House!" l^a,^erer* so that the Steam of such Lime be conveyed into and through the Chimney of such House ref-new building orpc£ttvely; and that no Lime be flaked in any Cellar or Yard after the Hour of Seven of the Clock in retiring. the Morning from Lady-day to Michaelmas, nor after the Hour of Eight of the Clock in the Morning from Michaelmas to Lady-day and if any Lime shall be flaked contrary to the Directions of this Act, every Person so offending shall, for each Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings.

For preventing

XXII. And be it further enacted, 'Fhat if any Person or Persons shall for the future carry, run, drive, Dinvue i^ing draw, or cause to be carried, run, driven, or drawed, on any of the Foot-pavements within the said City done to the Foot-qt Liberties, any Bier, or any Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, Wheel-barrow, or other Carriage whatsoever; *4ve»em, or fka|j wilfully riJe, lead, or drive, any Horse, Ass, Mule, or other Cattle, Coach or other Carriage whatsoever, upon any Part of the said Foot-pavements; then, and in any of the said cases, and so often as they or any of them shall happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall fee any such Offence committed, to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing, such Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this A£* and without any other Warrant, to convey or deliver him, her, or them, into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace of the said City; and the Party or Parties accused being brought before him, such Justice shall proceed to examine, upon Oath, any Witness or Wit-Defies who mall appear or be produced to give information touching such Offence (which the said Justice is hereby authorised and required to administer;) and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or upon such Information as aforesaid, he5 fne, or they* fa convicted, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings for the First Time of offending; the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Second Time of offending; and the Sum of Forty Shillings for the Third and every other Time of offending.

For CMng tip the

XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may cause to be Name of Sutets, painted, engraved, or described, in Stone, or otherwise, and to be affixed in a conspicuous Part of One or more House or Houses, Building or Buildings, at or near each End, Corner, or Entrance, of each of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, lards, Courts, Alleys, Passagesj or Places, the Name by which each respective Street, Lane, Square, Yard, Court, Alley, Passage, or Place, is properly or usually called or known; and may also. cause every House, Shops or Warehouse, in each of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, to be marked and numbered in such Manner as they shall judge most proper for distinguishing the same; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously destroy, pulldown, obliterate, or deface, any such Names, Descriptions, Marks, or Num- bers, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, every Person so offending shall,

for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings.

Fo# preventing

XXIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall, without Authority from the Alterations in said Commissioners, alter or cause to be altered, the Form of the Pavement of the said Streets, Lanes, the Form of the Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys* Passages, and Places* which shall be new paved or repaired by the said Commissioners, or in any Way incroach thereupon, upon Pain that every Person so offending; shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds over and above the Expence of relaying and reinstating the same according to the Directions of the said Commissioners; the said. Forfeitures and Expences to be recovered by Action of Debt, BilL Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Coum of Record, in the Name of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City of London, to be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Commission of such Offence; in which Actioa or Suit, no Protection, Essoin, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed. Commissioners to

XXV. And whereas many Hackney Coaches have fixed their Stands, and do ply at improper Places, ftx the Places within the said City and Liberties thereof, whereby great Obstructions and Annoyances are occasioned, vhe>e Hackney* and moreover, Persons wanting to hire such Coaches, are frequently obliged to fetch the same from in-A^arplV. to< cnven»cnt Distances: And whereas Lt would be of great Benefit to the said City, as well as of Conveni- ence to Persons having occasion to hire such Coaches, if the said Commissioners were vested with the PoweT 4 of fixing the Stands thereof at more proper Places,’ be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this ACI it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, or the Hands and Seals of Three or more of them, to be publickly affixed in some conspicuous Part of the Guildhall of the said City* to direCfc and order at what Place or Places respectively, within the said City, and the Liberties thereof, any Hackney Coach or Coaches shall stand and be plied, and how many Coaches shall be plied at each Stand; and if the Driver of any such Coach or Coaches shall suffer the same to stand, and shall ply at any other Place or Places than according to the Order and Directions of the said Commissioners, to be notified as aforesaid; or if any Driver shall suffer any such Coach or Coaches to be and continue at or upon any Stands, after the Number allowed by the said Commissioners to stand and be plied at the same Stands respectively shall be complete; then the Owner or Driver of every such Coach or Coaches shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings.

2 XXVI. Awl

A.D. 1768. Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 21, 467

XXVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That after the Expiration of Twelve Calendar Months next Ferrer-’.. 1 after the paflinj* of this Act, if any Two Housekeepers within the said City and Liberties shall make Complaint in Writing, under their Hards, to the said Commissioners of any Defect, or Want of Repair, in any of the Pavements of any of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Pafia-

ges, or Places, either before or after the same shall have been new paved or repaired by virtue of this Act; then, and in every such Case, the said Commissioners shall forthwith cause the Pavement so complained of to be inspected by their Surveyor; and if the same shall by him be found defective, and so reported to be to the said Commissioners, unless such Dcfect shall appear to arise from a DefcCt in the Water-pipes lying under such Pavement, they the said Commissioners shall forthwith give Orders to their Contractor or Contractors, Pavior or Paviors, to repair the same: And if the Contractor or Pavior of the said Commissioners, to whom such Order shall be given, shall not within Four Days next after the Receipt thereof, repair the said defective Pavement; then, and in every such Case, the said Contractor or Pavior shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Day that the said defective Pavement shall remain unrepaired atter the Expiration of the said Four Days.

XXVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That when and (o often as any Pipe or Pipes, belonging to For taking of any of the Water Companies who furnish any Part of the said City and Liberties with Water, and which Pavement whe* now lie, or shall hereafter be laid, under Ground, in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, ^,pcs

Courts, Alleys, Passages, or Places, shall happen to break, burst, or decay, so as to reauire Reparation ;*r

the Surveyor of the said Commissioners for the Time being, or such other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint for that Purpose, shall forthwith give, or cause to be given. Notice thereof in Writing, to the Pavior of the Water Company to whom he tippiehcnds the said Pipe or Pipes to belong; who is hereby required to take up the said Pavement, and open the Ground at or near the Place where such Reparation shall appear to be wanting: And if the said Pavior Avail, upon taking up such Pavement and opening such Ground, discover that the Pipe or Pipes so broken, burst, or decayed, does not. or do not, belong to the said Water Company whose Pavior he is; then, and in every such Case, he shall, forthwith give, or cause to be given, Notice thereof, in Writing, to the Pavior of the Company to whom the said Pipe or Pipes shall appear to belong; in which Case such lait-mentioned Pavior is hereby required, upon Demand, to make Satisfaction for the taking up such Pavement, and opening such Ground, to the Pavior giving Notice as aforesaid; and the Pavior of such Water Company, to whom the said Pipe or Pipes shall belong, is hereby required to cause or procure*the said Pipe or Pipes to be repaired, and afterwards to fill up the said Ground, and ram down the same, within Two Days next after such Notice to him given; and as loon as such Pipe shall have been so repaired, and the Ground so filled up and rammed down, he shall give, or cause to be given, Notice thereof, in Writing, to the Pavior or Contractor for the Time being of the said Commissioners: And if the Pavior of any of the said Water Companies, to or for whom such Notice shall be given, or left at his Place of Abode, shall by the Space of Two Days next after the giving or leaving such Notice as aforesaid, refuse or neglect to take up such Pavement, and open such Ground; or if upon disco\cring that the Pipe or Pipes so broken, burst, or decayed, doth not, or do not, belong to the Company whose Pavior he is, he shall rtfufe or neglect to give immediate Notice thereof in Writing to the Pavior of the Company to#whom the said Pipe or Pipes doth or do belong; or if the Pavior of the Water Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes shall belong, shall, by the Space of Two Days next after such Notice given to him, or left at his lad Place of Abode, refuse or neglect to cause or procure such Pipe or Pipec to be amended and repaired, or afterwards to fill up the Ground so taken up, or to give such immediate Notice of his having so done, to the Pavior or Contractor of the Did Commissioners for the Time being; then, and in every such Case, the Person or Persons so ref-pcCtively refusing or neglecting, shall, for every such Offence, severally forfeit and pay the Sum of Fivo Pounds: And if any Pipe or Pipes not belonging to any of the Water Companies, shall happen to break, burst, or decay, as aforesaid, in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, or Places; then, and in every such Case, the respective Owner or Owners thereof Anil forthwith cause the Ground over the same to be opened, and such Pipe or Pipes to be repaired, and Notice thereof in Writing to be given to the Clerk for the Time bein" of the said Commissioners, or in Case of Rc-fufal or Neglect so to do, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds: And if any Pavement shall be broken or taken up for the Purpose of making, repairing, or alteiing, any Vault or.Drain, or for any other Purpose whatsoever; then, and in every such Case, the Person or Persons so breaking or taking up the said Pavement, or causing the same to be so broken or taken up, shall, as soon as the Nature of the Work will permit, cause the Ground to be filled up, and Notice thereof in Wr; ting to be given to the Clerk for the Time being of the said Commissioners; or, in Case of Refusal or Neglect so to do, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings; and the said Clerk of the said Commissioners shall forthwith, upon every such Notice, as aforesaid given to him* or left at his last Place of Abode, transmit such Notice, or caulc the same to be transmitted, to the Pa-. vior or Contractor of the said Commissioners for the Time being; and if the said Clerk shall refuse or jieglect, by the Space of Two Days next after any such Notice as aforesaid given to him, or left at his last Place of Abode, to transmit such Notice, or cause such Notice to be transmitted, to the said Pavior or Contractor for the Time being of the said Commissioners; or if such Pa\ ior or Contractor, to whom any such Notice as aforesaid shall be so transmitted, shall, by the Space of Two Days next after the transmitting of such Notice to him as aforesaid, refuse or neglect to relay bhq repair the Pavement so broken up; then, and in every such Case, th: Person so refuting or neglect-

P 0 0 2 inj

468 C. 21. Anno octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1768.

ing shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Day such Pavement shall continue unrelayed or unrepaired after the Expiration of the said Two Days.

Where there is

XXVIII. Provided always, That if it shall haj pen that at any Timp there shall be no regular or fixed Appointment ofa Pavior of any of the Water Companies, in that case, such Notice as aforesaid shall be de-c0(TJl*vered to, or left at, the Office of the Clerk or Secretary of such Company respectively, who shall, in pjny’s Office. every such Case, be substituted in the Room of such Pavior, to all the Intents and Purposes aforesaid. DiretfmsthePa-

XXIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That the several and respective Paviors now employed, or viors ct the Wj. hereafter to be employed, by the said Water Companies respectively, within the said City or Liberties f"ec^"tt01hcreof, shall, within the Space of Thirty Days next after the passing of this Adf, or within Three their Naniesj^V. Days next after they shall be respectively appointed Paviors to such Company or Companies, give Notice in Writing to the Clerk for the Time being of the said Commissioners of their respective Names and Places of Abode, and of the Name of the respective Company whose Paviors they are, and of the respective District to which they are appointed; and in like Manner the Clerk for the Time being of the said Commissioners shall, within the respective Times aforesaid, give Notice to the respectivfc Favours of the said several Water Commanies of the Names and Places of Abode of the Pavior or Paviors, Contractor or Contractors, for the Time being, of the said Commissioners; and if any of the said Paviors, or the Clerk of the said Commissioners for the Time being, shall neglect to give such Notice within the respective Times aforesaid, each of them shall, for every such Offence, severally forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings.

Water Compa-

XXX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the Charges and Expence*

ries to pay the of relaying the Pavement which shall be broken or taken up for the Purposes of repairing: or amending any

kyinePav°men’V ^‘Pe or P*Pes» QiaN be reimbursed and paid to the said Commissioners, or to such Person as they shall

uLn* the" pes appoint to receive the same, by the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being of the respective Water Com-aic broken, &fc. panies to whom such Pipe or Pipes shall belong; or if the same shall not belong to any of the said Water Companies, then by the respective Owner or Owners thereof; and the Charges and Expences of relaying the Pavement which shall be broken or taken up for the Purposes of new making, repairing, altering, cleansing, or emptying, any Sewer, Drain, or Vault, or of making any new or additional Grates, or of repairing and altering any old Grates, shall be defrayed and paid by and out of some Rate or Rates to be made or assessed by virtue or in pursuance of the said Act of the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Yeare of the Reign of King Charles the Second; or by the Person or Persons who shall take up the said Pavement, or any Part thereof, or cause the same to be taken up for any of the Purposes aforesaid: And if such Clerk or Treasurer to any of the said Water Companies, or the respective Owner or

v Owners of such Pipe or Pipes, liable to reimburse and pay such Charges and E&pences, shall refuse or neglect to pay the same within Ten Days next after Demand thereof, in Writing, signed by the Clerk of the said Commissioners, and left at their respective Dwelling-houses or last Places of Abode, together with a Bill to be annexed to such Demand, containing an Account of such Charges and Expences; then, and in every such Case, the Money so expended shall and may be recovered by the said Commissioners of and from the Person or Persons so liable thereto, by Action or Actions of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in the Name of the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the said City of London, to be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after such Demand respectively; in which Action or Suit no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed, expenceof Aire-

XXXI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, That if at any Time it shall be found ration of the necessary for the Purposes of new paving, or altering the Pavement, of any of the said Streets, Lanes* Pipes to be dc Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, or Places to raise, fink, or any otherwise alter the Postion of Monies^o^the any Pipes or Plugs laid down or placed by any of the said Water Companies, or by any other Per-

Act. son or Persons whatsoever, the Charges attending the same shall be paid out of the Monies arising, or to

arise, by virtue of this Adh

For procurrg

XXXII. And for the more easily obtaining of Water in Cases of Fire, it is hereby further enacted^ Water in TimesThat the several Water Companies, who shall supply any of the Inhabitants of the said City with Water* of/he Turncccks ^a^> from Time to Time, within the Space of Fourteen Days after the passing of this Act, or withia tobedeiivereJCin^even Days after the Appointment of any Turncock or Turncocks, give Notice, in Writing, to the said Commissioners of the Names and Places of Abode of their respective Turncocks, distinguiming the Dif-Penalty for every tridts to which they respecti vely belong; and if any of the said Companies shall neglect to give such No-Neglect therein. tice within the Times aforesaid, they shall, for every such Neglect, forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings 5;

and the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required yearly to cause to be printed and distri— buted through every Ward within the said City and Liberties, to and amongst the several Housholdera. within the same, a List of the Names and Places of Abode of the several Turncocks of the District of / Districts within which every such Ward respectively shall lie.

For watering the

XXXIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have full Power and Au— Street*. thority to cause the said Streets to be watered as often as they shall think fit* and also to cause any

Well or Wells to be dug and sunk in such Places as they shall think proper; and also any Pump of Pumps to be erected in or near such Places; and also any Pumps now standing for the Purpose of watering the said Street, or for any other Purpose, to be removed or altered, and to defray the Expences thereof out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of* and for the Purposes of this Act-

3 XXXIV. And;

C*

A.D. 1768. Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 2l. 469

the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, enacted by the Authority aforesaid, may be lawful to and for the said D'ommissioners to cause any Number of moveable or FormakingDuft* fixed Dust-bores, Dutt-holes, or Conveniencies, wherein Dust and Ashes, or other Filth, may be depo- hole«, sited for the Scavengers or Rakers, to be erected and placed in such Pai ts of the said Streets, Lanes,

Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, as they shall judge necessary; and all and every the Occupier and Occupiers of Houses or.Tenements within the said City and Liberties are hereby required daiiy, and every Day, to cause all their Dust, Ashes, and other Filth, to be deposited in the said Dust-bores, Dust-h !c$, or other Conveniencies, or else to keep the same in their respective Montes or Tenements, with the Appurtenances, until the same shall be removed and carried away by the respective Rakers to be in this Behalf appointed: And in case any such Occupier of any House or Tenement within the said City or Liberties shall deposit, or cause or permit to be deposited, any Ashes, Dust, or other Filth, in any Part of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, except in some of the Dud-holes, Dust-bores, or other Conveniencies, so to be erected or made aforesaid; then the Person so offending shall, for every such offence, fors.it and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings.

XXXV. And it is hereby further enacted, That every Occupier of any House or Tenement within For cleansing the said City and Liberties, and (in respect of Houses lett to Inmates) every House Owner, shall Once^oot-wjy*. in every Day, between the Hours of Eight and Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon of each Day, ferape,

sweep, and cleanse, the Foot-way all along the Front of their respective Houses or Tenements, or cause the same to be feraped, swept, and cleansed \ and in Default thereof shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Shillings.

XXXVI. And for the better enlightening the said Streets, Lanes,'Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys,?or enlightening PaffagcS, and Places, it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and m iy be lawful to and for the (aidStrccI*-Commissioners, from Time to Time, to cause such and so many Lamps to be set up in such Places with-

the said City and Liberties thereof, and to be placed in such Manner, and at such Distances, as they shall judge necessary; and the said Commissioners shall order and direct at what Time the Lights within the same shall be lighted, and how long they shall continue lighted; and shall, from Time to Time, give such other Orders and Directions in the Premises, as they shall think needful for the well and sufficient enlightening the said City and Liberties thereof.

XXXVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall willfully take away, For preventing break, or throw down, or damage, any Lamp, that now is or hereafter shall be set up for enlightening the darri-,ng» any of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, or wilfully extin- ^c* of LaroP* guish the Light or Lights within the same, or damage the Irons or other Furniture thereof; it shall and

may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to seize, as also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing, the Offender or Offenders; and by Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey him, her, or them, or to deliver him, her, or them, into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace of the said City; and such Justice shall proceed to examine, upon Oath, any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Information touching such Offence (which.

Oath the said Justice is hereby authorised and required to administer) and if the Party or Parties accused (h ill be convicted of such Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or upon such Infor mation as aforesaid, he, she, or they, so convicted, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for each Lamp so broken, thrown down, or damaged, or for every Light so e*t:nguished as aforesaid; and moreover, shall make full Satisfaction to the said Commissioners, or to such Person as they shall appoint to receive the same, for the Damage so by him, her, or them done as aforesaid: And in case such Offender or Offenders shall not, on Conviction, pay such Forfeiture, and make such Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Justice is hereby n quiicd to commit him, her, or them, to the BridweH of the said City, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding One Calendar Month; and such Offender or Offenders shall not he Dischareed before the Expiration of the Time for which he, she, or they shall be so committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given.

XXXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons carelessly or acci- ForPnforwcirp-dcntally break, throw down, or damage, any of the said Lamps so set up, or hereafter to be set up,|Pl1|ly

as aforesaid, or the Irons or other Furniture thereof, and shall not immediately, upon Demand, makcda^s^L!*mpjJ

Satisfaction for the Damage done thereto; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may he lawful to&c,

and for any One Justice of the Peace of the said City, upon Complaint to him made by One or more

credible Person or Persons, to summon before him the Party or Parties who shall be complained of for

doing such Damage as aforesaid; and, upon hearing the Allegations and Proofs on both Sides, or upon

the N on-appearance of the Party or Parties so comph.ined of and summoned, to award such Sum or Sums

of Money, by Way of Satisfaction for such Damage, as such Justice shall think reasonable; and in case-

of Neglect or Refusal of the said Party. r Parties to p y such Sum or Sums of Money so awarded, within

T hree Days next after Demand thereof, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of his, her,

or theii Goods or Chattels; the Surplus (if any) arising by such Distress and Sale to be paid to him,

her, or them.

XXXIX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Property of the Pave-For merits, which at the Time 01 passing this Act, or at any Time or Times thereafter, shall be within the*'0*1* of the

Did

47®

Pi

in the Malar, fc*C.

Birecting the fl.icing ot Laxsps.

For con T.I idling Rates.

DireAIng in what Manner empty Housei *«11 be assessed.

For tflelTing Housei lett out

Lodging*.

C. 21. Anno octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1768.

City or Liberties, and all Materials and Things used, or to be used, in or about the making or repairing thereof, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the fail Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or causeto be brought, any Action or Actions, in the name of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or to prefer, or order the preferring of Indictments, against any Person or Persons, who shall deal, take, or carry away, any, or any part of such Materials or things: And if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously destroy, or otherwise damage or spoil, any of the said Materials or Things, or any of the Works done in pursuance of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof; every Person or Persons so offending therein, and being thereof convicted, by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace, shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the first Time of often ling; and the Sum of Forty Shillings for the Second and every other Time of offending.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Lamps which shall be put out by any Person or Persons, at his or their own private Expence, shall, from and after the Commencement of this Act, be placed in such Manner as the said Commissioners appointed to put this Act into Execution shall direct.

XLI. And whereas it will be very convenient to the Inhabitants of the said City and Liberties, that the Rates and Assessments necessary for paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the said Streets, Lanes,

Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Paftag:*s, and Places, and for preventing Annoyances therein, should be consolidated and made One joint and general Fund, to be collected together;’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, One or more Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall, at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall think fit to order and direct, by Writing, under their Hands and Seals, or the Hands and Seals of Seven or more of them, be made, laid, and ail'clTed, in the several Wards of the said City, by the Aldermen or their Deputies respectively and the major Part of the Common Council Men of each Ward, upon all and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, occupy, possefs, or enjoy, any Land, House, Shop, Ware-house. Cellar, Vault, or other Tenement, within the said several Wards, and who, by the Laws now in being, are liable to be, and from Time to Time shall be, actually rated towards the Relief of the Poor in the respective Parities where he, she, or they, shall respectively live or reside, for railing such competent Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time judge needful and direct, so as such Rates or Assessments do not, in any One Year, exceed in the Whole the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence in the Pound of the yearly Rents of such of the said Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements or Hereditaments respectively, as shall be situate in any Street, Lane, Square, Yard, Court, Alley, Passage or Place, actually begun to be new paved by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, and One Shilling in the Pound of the yearly Rems of such of the Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, Tenements, or Hereditaments respectively, as shall not be so situate; such Rates respectively to be from Time to Time afeerrained by the Rates at which such respective Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements or Hereditaments, shall be from Time to Time a fie (Ted towards the Land Tax.

XLII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if it shall happen that any of the Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, within the said City and Liberties, shall, at the Time of making any of the said Rates or Assessments, be empty, untenacted, or unoccupied; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Alderman of the Ward where such Premises shall lie, or his Deputy, with the major Part of the Common Council Men of the said Ward, to rate and afiefs the said Premises, at such limes as the said Commissioners shall direct, as aforesaid; and in such Case, as well as in case the said Premises shall, after the making such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, become empty, untenacted, or unoccupied. One Half of such Rate or Assessment shall be charged on such Premises respectively, and be paid by the first Tenant or Occupier thereof, who shall and may, and is hereby authorised to deduct and detain the same out of his or her Rent; and the Landlord, or Owner or Owners of such Premises, is and are hereby required to allow such Deduction and Payment, upon the Receipt of the Residue of his, her, or their, respective Rents; and the said Tenant or Occupier shall be, and is hereby acquitted and discharged of and for so much of his or her Rent, as the Rate or Assessment so paid by him or her shall amount unto.

XLIII. And whereas many Houses in several of the Wards of the said City are, by the several Land-in4 lords or Owners thereof, lett out into Lodgings or Tenements to divers Tenants, whereby it will be difficult to rate or afiefs the said Tenants in respect of such Houses, or to recover such Rates and Af* 4 feffments when made; for Remedy whereof,’ be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Aldermen of each respective Ward, or his Deputy, with the major Part of the Common Council Men of the said Ward, at such Times as the said Commissioners shall direct as aforesaid, to rate and alless in every such Rate and Assessment as aforesaid, the Owner or Owib ers of all such Houses or Tenements, as shall be so lett to, or occupied by, Two or more Tenants /which Rate or Assessment shall be paid by the Occupier or Occupiers of any Part or Parts of such Houses or Tenements) and such Occupier or Occupiers of such Houses or Tenements is and are hereby authorised and required to pay such Sum and Sum? of Money, as shall be so rated or assessed upon the

Owner

A.D. 1768. Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 21, 471

Owner or Owners thereof, being duly demanded of such Occupier or Occupiers, and to deduct the same cut of his, her, or their, respective Rents; and the Landlord, or Owner or Owners of such Houses or Tenements, is and are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments, upon the Receipt of the Residue of his, her, or their Rents; a neb every such Occupier, paying such Assessment or Alleflrmnts,

shall be acquitted and discharged for so much of his or her Kent as the said Assessment or Assessments so paid by him or her shall amount unto, as if the same had been actually paid to the Person or Persons to whom nis or her Rent shall be due and payable; and in Default of Payment of the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, the same shall be and remain a Charge upon the said Premises, and shall and may be recovered of and from the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners thereof respectively, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster^ or within the said City, to be commenced and prosecuted by any Collector or Collectors to be appointed as herein after directed; in which Action or Suit, no Protection, Essoin, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XLIV. And whereas several Manufactures, Trades, Occupations,' and Callings, necessarily take up, For Relief of c and require great Room, by reason whereof the Persons concerned therein are obliged to nay large Rents, °wn(r5 of and it may be a great and intollcrable Hardship upon such Persons to be rated to the full Extent of their Wa,clloufe5>* 4 respective Rents towards the Purposes of this Act; and whereas it maybe reasonable to excuse some Per- Tons from the Payment of the aforesaid Rates and AfldTments, in the Whole, or in Parr, on account of their Poverty, for Relief therefore in such cases,’ it is hereby further enacted and declared, That in any of the Cales aforesaid, any Person or Persons may apply to the said Commissioners, by Petition in Writing* setting forth the Circumstances of his, her, or their Case, giving Notice to the Alderman of the said Ward wherein such Rate or Assessment shall have been made, or his Deputy, and such Petition shall be taken into Consideration by the said Commissioners at their next publick Meeting, of which the Alderman of the Ward, or his Deputy, shall have Special Notice; and if it shall then appear to the said Commissioners, upon hearing the said Petitioner or Petitioners, that the said Petitioner or Petitioners is or are entitled to Relief; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, to award the said Petitioner or Petitioners such Relief as they the said Commissioners shall think just and reasonable.

XLV. Provided always, that if the Alderman, or his Deputy, or the major Part of the Common Council Appeal to Court Men of such Ward, shall think such Award unjust or unreasonable, or if the Party or Parties concerned shall M*>cr think him, or herself, or themselves aggrieved, by such Award; it shall and may be lawful to and for any crmco* of them to appeal, from such Award, to the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, who shall finally determine whether the said Petitioner or Petitioners is or are entitled to any, and what Relief in the Premises.

XLVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall, in respect ofpof any Wharf, or any Warehoulc, Vault, or Cellar, upon any Wharf, not fronting any Street, or Lane, be wharfs, Warerated or assessed, or be liable to pay more than Two Thirds of the Rates or Assessments herein before direct- ho nes Vaults of cd to berated and assessed on Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, and other Tenements, CcUin* within the several Wards of the said City of London; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLVII. And, in order to ascertain the Rates and Assessments tobemadeby Virtue of this Act, be it Forexarr, inin§ further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Aldermen of the/aid City, or their respective ®00*s Deputies, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, to cause any of the Books of Af-

fcflment of the Land Tax, within their respective Wards, and also any of the Bocks of Assessment of the Rates towards the Relief of the Poor, within the respective Parishes of the same W ards, to be brought before them, and to take Copies of such Books, or any Part thereof, as they shall think fit, without Fee or Reward, and if any Person or Persons, in whole Cuifody or Power any of the said Books shall be, shall re-fufeor neglect to attend the said Aldermen, or their Deputies, with such Book or Books, or to permit them to take Copies thereof, as aforesaid; then, and in every such Case, every Person who shall so refuse or neglect, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings.

XLVIII. And, for as much as it is reasonable that all Public Buildings (Hospitals excepted) and all dead Walls, and void Spaces of Ground, should be rated and assessed in a due Proportion, towards the paling, cleansing, and enlightening, the said City and the Liberties thereof, it is hereby further enacted, That it r^r shall and may be lawful to and for the Alderman of each Ward, within the said City and Libel ties, or hrs ar*

De nuty, with the major Part of the Common Council Men, and they are hereby required at such 1 ‘lines as the Rates and Assessments hereby directed to be made by Order of the said Commissioners as aforesaid, Bering H0ufta

/hall from Time to Time be made, to rate and act’efs towards the Purposes of this Act all Parish Churches, void sram.

Church-yards, Chapels, and other Public Buildings whatsoever, not charged to the Land l ax; as also^Orouad, all Meeting Houses, and all void Spaces of GrounJ, situate, lying and being within their Ward, other than. and except the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul in London, and the Church-yards and GrounJ within the Iron Rails encompassing the said Cathedral Church, at such Rate as the Commissioners, by Wr ting under their Hands and Seals, or the Hands and Seals of any Seven or more of them, shall order and direct for every square Yard of such Churches, Church-yards, Chapels, and Publick Buildings, Meeting-Houses and void Spaces of Ground, not exceeding the Rate of Four-pence per square Yard; and also to. jatc and alibis all dead Walls within their Wards, towards the Purposes aforesaid, at such Rate as the fard

Con*

47* C. 21. Anno octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1768.

Commissioners shall order and direct in Manner aforesaid, for every Yard running Measure of such dead Walls, not exceeding the Rate of Sixpence Yard; such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, so to be, from Time to Time, made upon any Parish Church, Church-yard, or Chapel, to be paid by their respective Church or Chapel Wardens; and the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, so to be made, from Time to Time upon any Meeting House within the said City or Liberties, to be paid by the Minister and Deacons, or other Person usually officiating therein: And if such Church or Chapel Warden, Minister, Deacon, or other Person, shall refuse or negfed to pay the same upon Demand; then, and in every such Case, such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall and may be recovered of and from the Person or Persons so required to pay the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or within the said City, to be commenced and prosecuted in the Na-i.e or Names of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens; in which Action or Suit no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed $ and in Default of Payment of such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, to be made on any Meeting House as aforesaid, the same shall be and remain a Charge upon such Meeting House, and be paid by the Landlord or Owner thereof respectively; and such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, so to be from Time to Time, made upon any Publick Building (not being an Hospital) or upon any dead Wall, or void Space of Ground, shall be paid by the respective Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof: and in case the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of any such void Space of Ground shall not be known, or cannot be found, then the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, to be thereon made, shall be advanced by the Chamberlain of the City of London for the Time being out of the Cacti of the said City in his Hands, and the said Ground shall be and remain a Security to the said Chamberlain and his Successors for Repayment of ail Rates so to be by him advanced.

Directing that

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Alderman of Farting-

AaU be Ward without, or his Deputy, with the major Part of the Common Council Men of the said Ward,

the pJrpofirt oIand theyarehcreby required, from Time to Time to rate and assess, in every such Rate and Assessment as afore-tkis Ad, said, the several Inns of Court and Chancery herein after named, in the several and respective Sums herein after mentioned, as a Composition for the Repairs of the Pavements which they have respectively sustained j that is to say, the Inner Temple, in the Sum of Two Pounds Two Shillings per Annum \ the Middle Temple, in the bum of Six Pounds Six Shillings per Annum^ Serjeant's Inn in Chancery-Lane, in the Sum of Ten Pounds per Annum: And also to rate and assess the several Inns of Chancery herein after named, in the several and respective Sums herein after mentioned; that is to say, Staples-Inn, in the Sum of Fourteen Pounds per Annum; Furnival's-Inn, in the Sum of Twenty Pounds ter Annum; Barnard*s-Inn, in the Sum of Six Pounds ter Annum \ Clifford's-Inn, in the Sum of Two rounds Two Shillings per Annum: Which Rates or Assessments shall be paid by the Treasurer, Principal, or other proper Officer of the said Inns of Court and Inns of Chancery respectively; and in default of Payment, may be sued for and recovered, in like Manner as the Rates and Assessments upon Parish Churches, Church-yards, and Chapels, are herein before directed to be sued for and recovered.

L. ‘ And whereas the Pavement lying between the Fence of the Church-yard belonging to the Cathedral c Church of Saint Paul, in the said City of London, and the Channels of the several Streets and Ways adjoin-

ing to, and surrounding, the said Church, contains Two Thousand Two Hundred and Forty square Yards;

and the Charges and Expences of repairing, cleansing, and enlightening the same is now paid out of the In terestand yearly Produce of the Surplus Money of certain Duties on Coal, granted by divers Acts of Parliament, and vested in the Lord Archbishop.of Canterbury, Lord Bishop of London, and Lord Mayor of the City i of London, for the Time being;’ be it hereby further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby required, when, and at such Times as

For a (Telling the Rates and Assessments hereby directed to be made, mall from Time to Time, be made, to rate and af-the Pavements fess the said Cathedral Church, towards the Purposes of this Act, at fueffi Rate, as the said Commission- j

to lhCers» or any Seven or more of them, shall judge reasonable, not exceeding the Rate of One Shilling and

Church ofSt. Three Pence by the Year for every square Yard of the said Pavement now kept in Repair, out of the In-Paul. terest of such 7 rust-Monies a^ aforesaidJ; and that such Rates or Assessments so to be, from Time to Time,

made on the said Cathedral Church as aforesaid, shall be paid by the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord Bishop of London, and Lord Mayor of the said City of London, for the Time being, or their Treasurer, or other proper Officer, out of the Interestand Produce of the said Surplus Monies lo vested in them, upon the Trulls, and for the Purposes aforesaid.

LI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be fry /Tgrccmer t deemed or taken to make void any Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, between Landlord and Tenant, between Land- touching or concerning the paving, cleansing, or enlightening, any, or any Part of the said Street*?, Lanes, lord and Tenant. Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, raffages, and Places, within the said City and Liberties, but that every such Landlord who is now, by virtue of any such Contract or Agreement, obliged to pave, keep in Repair, cleanse, or enlighten, any Part thereof, shall, in lieu thereof, pay or allow unto his, her, or their j

respective Tenant or Tenants, the Rate or Rates to be rated or assessed on such Tenant or Tenants respectively, or so much thereof as shall be just and reasonable, according to the true meaning of such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, for and during the Time of such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, shall remain in Force; and in case any Disputefttall arise concerning such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall have Power to hear and finally determine the same.

A.D. 1768. Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 2r. 473

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, who shall be liable to pay any Rate or For Recovery ot Assessment to be made by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall become a Bankrupt or Bankrupts before ^alcVf,* nft he, she, or they, shall have fully paid and fa’isfied all the Money then due and owing f >r such Rates and ,;j

Assessments; then, and in every such Case, the Assignee or Assignees of his, her, or their Estate and Ef-hi<Tu> P y ihe fcdls, or other Person or Persons possessing the same, shall, out of such Lit ate and Effects, after paying fame, beccmi.ig to the petitioning Creditor or Creditors his, her, or their Colts of suing out and prosecuting the Com- ^rjP million aeainst any such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, in the next Place, pay unto the Chamberlain of the said City of London, for the Time being, all such Sums of Money as were due for such Rates and Assessments at the Time of the suing out any such Commission against him, her, or them respectively, or so much thereof as the said Estate and Effects will extend to pay, and the Receipt of the said Chamberlajn shall be a good Discharge for the said Money; and every Assignee or Assignees, or other Person as aforesaid, may, to any Action or Suit commenced or brought against him, her, or them, plead or give in Evidence the Payment of the same, and shall be allowed such Payment out of the Estate or Effedis of such Bank-nipt or Bankrupts, prior to any other Debt or Demand whatsoever (except as before is excepted) and in case of Non-payment of the same by the Space of One Calendar Month after the same shall be demanded, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to commence and prosecute One or more Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, for the same, in the Nan e of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or within the said City, against such Assignee or Assignees, or other Persons as aforesaid.

LIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Alderman or his Deputy, and the major Part of the For m»k;ng Du-Common Council Men for the Time being, in each Ward within the said City or Liberties, are hereby £,cate# required to set down in Writing, and sign Two Duplicates of the Rates and Assessments which they shall, Ul* from Time to Time, make by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes aforesaid, in which shall be expressed the Names of the Collectors who shall be appointed to collect the same; One of which Duplicates shall, within Ten Days next after the making thereof, be deposited by the Beadle of the said Ward in the Office of the Chamberlain of the said City of London, where the same shall remain \ and every Citizen of London, liable to be rated by virtue of this Act, shall and may have free Access thereto, at all convenient Times, and be permitted to inspect the same without Fee or Reward j and the Person or Persons neglecting to deposit such Duplicates, in the Manner, or within the Time aforesaid, or refusing to permit such Inspection as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

LIV. And, to the End that the said several Rates and Assessments may be fully and compleatly raised For ^pointing and paid for the Purposes aforesaid, it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for CoUcdon, the Alderman, or his Deputy, with the major Part of the Common Council Men of each Ward, at the Court of Wardmote to be holden upon or near the Feast Day of Saint Thomas the Apostle, for the Choice of Ward Officers, to return to the said Wardmote the Names and Places of Abode of a competent Number of fjbftantial Inhabitants of such Ward, of whom, so many as the said Alderman, or his Deputy, and the major Part of the said Common Council Men, shall think fit and direct, not exceeding Half the Number of Persons so returned, shall be chosen and appointed at the said Wardmote, to be Collectors of the Rates and Assessments which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, for One whole Year, from the said Feast Day of Saint Thomas the Apostle, to the same Feast Day then next following, and so yearly, and from Year to Year: And the said Collectors for the Time being are hereby authorised and required, in the respective Wards for which they shall be so chosen Collectors, 10 collect and receive, from Time to Time, such Rates, Assessments, and Sums of Money, as shall be due and payable by virtue of this Act, of and from all Persons liable to pay the same; and all Persons who, by virtue of this Act, shall be charged therewith, or be liable thereunto, are hereby required to pay such Rates or Assessments unto such respective Collectors for the Time being accordingly; such Collectors, from Time to Time, giving Receipts for the same gratis, if thereunto required, and which they are hereby enjoined to do, upon Request:

And every such Collector, who shall be chosen by virtue of this Act, shall, at the Wardmote at which heOMJ the shall be chosen as aforesaid, or within the Space of Twenty Days then next ensuing, before the Alderman CoiietfJ« to of the Ward for which he shall be so chosen Collector, or his Deputy, take ani subscribe the following a 1 Oath. Oath, or, being One of the People called Quakers, make and subscribe the following solemn Affirmation,

For the true and faithful Execution of the said Office.

I A.B. do swear (or solemnly affirm) that I will, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, Tbt Oatk. 4 1 well and truly perform and execute the Office of a Collector, within the Ward of according to the Directions and true Intent of an Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for the bitter prving, cicanfwg, and enlightening, the City of London, and the Liberties thtieo], and for preventing Obstrutiizns and Annoyances uitkin the same, and for other Pufp fs therein mentioned*

which Oath or Affirmation shall be administered, without Fee or Reward, by the Alderman of each re-foeclive Ward for the Time being, or his Deputy: And if any Collector, chosen in pursuance of this Act, shall refuse or negl.dt to take the said Oath, or (being One of the Persons called Quakers) to make the said Affirmation, or to take upon hiraself the said Office, or, after having taken upon himself th said

474 C. 21.

Anno octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1768.

Office, shall refuse'or neglect to serve and execute the same, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; he shall, for every such Refusal or Neglect forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds 5 and mall, nevertheless, continue liable to be chosen into the said Office again the Year following, or at any other Time, and shall be liable to the like Penalty, so often as he shall thereupon refuse or neglect to take upon him and duly to execute the same.

In case of Refu-

LV. And it is hereby further enacted, That when and as often as any Person shall refuse or neglect to ^ 10 take upon him the said Office, or to execute the same when chosen, or shall die, or remove out of the the VidcrminCe,^art^ *n anc* *9r which he shall be so chosen and appointed, beforeLe has finished his Collection; then, Ifr/of the ' and in every or any such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Alderman of such Ward for the vva.d, &c. may Time being, or his Deputy, with the major Part of the Common Council Men of the said Ward, by ap-appoint othci*. pojntment under their Hands and Seals, to nominate and appoint some other fit and proper Person within such Ward, to collect the said Rates therein, or such Sum or Sums of Money as shall remain due and unpaid thereof: And if such other Person so appointed shall refuse or neglect to take and subscribe the said Oath, or (being One of the Persons called Quakers) to make the said Affirmation, to serve and execute the said Office; then, and in every such last mentioned Case, every Person so refusing or neglecting shall be liable to the like Penalty of Fifty Pounds as if he had been chosen into the said Office at the Wardmote as aforesaid.

Not to eitendto

LVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall ex-i terve who are*by or construed to oblige any Person or Persons to serve the said Office of Collector, who, by the Law exempted. Laws now in being, is or are exempted from serving any Ward Office.

Impowering the

LVII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That if any Person or Persons who shall be rated Collectors to or assessed by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall, by the Space of Ten Days next after his, her, or their respective Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall be due, and demanded by the Collector or Collectors authorised and appointed to collect and receive the same (such Demand being either personally made to the respective Person or Persons so charged, or left in Writing at his, her, or their respective House or Houses, or Place or Places of Abode) then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector or Collectors, every or any of them, having a Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of the said Commissioners, or any Three of them (which Warrant or Warrants the said Collector and Collectors is and are hereby required to apply for; and the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, are hereby authorised and required to grant) and, with the Assistance of a Constable, or other Peace Officer of the Ward, County, City, or Liberty, where the Person or Persons so refusing or neg-r 1‘eding shall reside, to enter his, her, or their House or Houses, Apartment or Apartments, and then and there to distrain his, her, or their Goods and Chattels; and if the same shall not be replevied, or such Rate or Assessment paid, within Five Day3 next after such Distress made, together with the Costs and Charges thereof, then to appraise and fell so much and such Part of the said Goods and C. hattcls as shall be sufficient to pay the said Rate or Assessment, with the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; returning the Overplus (if arfy) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods or Chattels (.he said Costs and Charges to be settled and allowed by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them) who shall have granted such Warrant or Warrants respectively.

LVIII. Provided always, That no such Distress shall, by virtue of this Act, be made out of the Limits of the said City and Liberties thereof, unless such Warrant or Warrants respectively shall be first backed or countersigned by some Magistrate of the County, City, or Liberty, where such Distress is proposed to be made; which Warrant or Warrants any Magistrate who shall be applied to for that Purpose, shall forth-with4back or countersign, without Fee or Reward.

LIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any such Collector or Collectors shall refuse or neglect

distrain in case of Non-pay*-went.

Warrant of B.strefsto be backed.

For punishing

/ 1 /V 4 IIIU iv 1IW Vk/y ua V»VI viimwvvvj j a aimv a* j M VII wiavvvx/a wi wmvwvuiu vi ujv VI *v gi v

ing their Dm* into aPply for Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid, or to make such Distress and Sale, pursuant to the

granting orex- Directions of this Act, except in Cases where such Distress shall be dispensed with by the Alderman or routing any his Deputy, and the major Part of the Common Council Men of each respective Ward, by Writing un-

Warranf. der their Hands, in respect of the Poverty of the Party or Parties assessed j such Collector or Collectors

shall, for every such Refusal or Neglect, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds: And if any Justice of the Peace, upon such Application to him made to back or countersign such Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect so to do, such Justice shall, for every such Refusal or Neglect, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds; And if any Constable, being called upon by any Collector or Collectors having such Warrant or Warrants, shall refuse or neglect to aid and assist him or them in making such Distress and Sale, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings.

Rendering Free- LX. And? for the more effectual enforcing the Payment of the said Rates and Assessments for the Pur- fh^Ritrs^nc*- poses aforesaid, it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Freeman of London* pabie of voting liable to pay the said Rates and Assessments, or any Re-assessments, which shall and may be made in the

at EJc&ioirs, Cases herein after mentioned, shall have neglected or refused to pay the same, or any Part thereof, after

such Demand as aforesaid; or if any such Freeman shall, for or in respect of Poverty or Inability, have desired to be excused, and accordingly shall have been excused, from paying any such Rate, Assessment, or Re-assessment,; then, and in every such Case, every such Freeman shall be under the lame Incapacity of voting at Elections within the City of London, as any Person or Persons now is, or are, who do not pay their Scotland Lot to any of the yearly Rates and Assessments to which the Citizens of London are, at this Time, or shall hereafter, become liable,

LXI,

A.D. 1768. Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 21. 4.75

LXI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall Allowing an think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Aiiessment to be made by virtue or in pursuance *° the

of this Act, may, within the Space of Thirty Days next after such Rate and Assessment shall have bcen Com,‘4 JUiii* demanded as aforesaid, appeal to the said Commissioners; and they are hereby authorised and required forthwith to appoint a Day for hearing such Appeal; and the Party or Parties so appealing shall give Three Days Notice, at the least, of the Day so appointed, to the Alderman of the Ward in which the said Assessment shall hate been made, or to his Deputy; and such Notice having been given, the said Commissioners shall and may, upon the Day lb appointed, proceed to hear and determine such Appeal; and their Determination shall be final; and no Fees shall be paid on the making, hearing, or determining, of such Appeal.

LXII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That if the Alderman of any Ward, Dlreflirp within the said City of London, or his Deputy, with the major Part of Common Council Men of the Co^n'1‘'Tl'nCTl said Ward, shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, in any R ates or Assessments by them to be made, by virtue or in pursuance of this Adf, neglect or omit to rate or assess any Person or Persons liable to such of any

Rates or Assessments, or shall neglect or omit to rate or assess any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Inhabitant* or the Inhabitants or Occupiers thereof, within their Ward, In proportion to the yearly Rent of such 00 *ny Deficir*-Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments respectively, as the same shall be ascertained and rated in the

or Assessment towards the Land Tax; then, and in every such Case, upon Complaint thereof made by roi lon* any Inhabitant of the said City to the said Commissioners, they are hereby authorised and required forthwith to appoint a Day for hearing such Complaint; and the Party or Parties complaining shall give Three Days Notice at the least of the Day so appointed, to the Alderman of the Ward to whion such Complaint shall relate, or to his Deputy; and such Notice having been given, the said Commissioners shall and may proceed to hear and determine such Complaint; and for that Purpose shall and may summon Witnesset before them, and examine such Witnesses upon Oath; which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and impowered to administer; and if the said Commissioners shall judge the Matter of such Complaint to be true, they shall make such Alterations in the said Rate or Assessment as shall be just.

LXIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That every Collector of the Rates and Assessments aforesaid For paying the shall, from Time to Time, nay the Monies arising therefrom, as he shall receive the same, to the Cham- Money cuiLAe* berlain of the said City of London for the Time being 5 and upon every such Payment, the said Chamberlain, or One of his Clerks, shall, without Fee or Reward, sign and give Receipts in Writing to such raml c Collector, expressing his Name, the Sum paid, and the Name of the Ward to which the said Collector shall belong; and if such Collector shall at any Time keep and retain in his Hands, of the Monies so to be collected by him, the Sum of Twenty Pounds, or upwards, above Two Days (the Chamber of London being within that Time open to receive the same) then, and so often, such Collector shall forfeit and pay the bum of Ten Shillings for every Day he shall retain the said Sum of Twenty Pounds, or upwards, beyond the said Two Days.

LXIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Collector to be ap- editor* to pointed by virtue or in pursuance of this Act mail, upon Three Days Notice in Writing given so, or left liver in an Ac-for him, at his usual Place of Abode, by the Alderman of the Ward to which such Collector shall belong, c?unt in Wri* # or his Deputy, attend the said Alderman, or his Deputy, at such Time and Place, within their Ward, as ‘undtr lhcir he shall appoint; or upon Notice in Writing to be given or left as aforesaid, by the Clerk or Clerks re-Han spectively to the said Commissioners, shall attend the said Commissioners at such Place as they shall appoint in such Notice; and then and there, if required, deliver to such Alderman, or his Deputy, or to the said Commissioners, upon Oath (or if such Collector be a then upon his solemn Affirmation;

which Oath or Affirmation such Alderman or Deputy is hereby impowered to administer) a true, exact, and perfect Account in Writing, under the Hand of such Collector, of all Sums of Money which he shall then have received by reason of the said Office; and also a true Lilt of the Names of all Persons within his Ward, who shall have rcfuled or neglected to pay his, her, or their said Rates or Aflt Aments, with a true Account of the several Sums of Money which such Persons shall respectively be in Arrear, to the Intent that the same may be speedily got in and recovered: And if any Collector, after such respective Notices given as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to attend, or deliver in his Accounts as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver in the Vouchers relating to the same, or to account for any Sum or Sums of Money by him collected or received, and to pay the same, and every Part thereof,* as is herein above directed; then, and in every such Case, such Collector shall, for every such Rcfuial or Neglect, forfeit and pay such Sum of Money as the Rates and Assessments, which he fhJl have been entrusted or authorised to collect, shall amount unto, after deducting the Amount of the Sum or Si.ms by him actually paid to the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being; which Forfeiture shall r.nd may be recovered by Action of Debt,

Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, to be commenced and prosecuted in the Name of the said Mayor and Cominonaity and Citizens of the said City; in which Action or Suit, ttoch Collector shall be held to special Bail, and no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than On: I-’ parlance shall be allowed.

LXV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That if any Collector of Col-fuf)nf so ac. ledtors of the said Rates and Assessments, mall have in his or their Hands any of the Hid Rates or Assess-count, thef»m« Aunts collected by him or them, and shall refuse to account for and pay the lame as aforesaid, it shall andt<‘ u k* by

P p p 2may*.

476 C. 21. Anno octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1768.

may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the said City, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Collector or Collectors to be brought before him, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way; and if, upon the Confession of such Collector or Collectors, or the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered and required to administer) it shall appear to him that any of the Monies which shall have been cohered and raised by virtue of this Act, shall then be in the Hands of such Collector or Collectors, and that he or they refuseth or refuse to pay the same, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Art, the said Justice is hereby authorised and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Collector or Collectors respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Collector or Collectors can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, then the said Justice may and shall commit such Collector or Collectors to One of the Compters of the said City, there to be detained and kept without Bail or Mainprize, until he or they shall pay the same, or such Composition as the said Commissioners shall agree to accept in full \ which Composition such Commissioners are hereby impowered to make.

Commissioners

LXVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That every Collector to be appointed by virtue or in pur* rnd fuance of this Act, shall, upon Three Days Notice in Writing, given to, or left for him at his usual Place

c^lle"ronOf Abode, by the Clerk of the said Commissioners, attend the said Commissioners at such Time and Place o*ih, torching as shall be appointed in such Notice, and then and there, if required, answer upon Oath, or if such Col-any Complaint lector shall be a Quaker^ then upon his solemn Affirmation; (which Oath or Affirmation such Commis-or Neglect of sioners, or any Two of them, are hereby impowered to administer) touching any Neglect of Duty, or uty* other Matters of Complaint against him; and if any such Collector shall refuse or neglect to attend on such Notice as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, or the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of them, to cause such Collectors to be brought before them, and to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Wav; and if such Collectorlhall not Ihewgood Cause of Excise, to the satisfaction of the said Commissioners for his. neglecting or refusing to attend on such Notice as aforesaid, he shall, for every such Neglect or Refusal, forfeit the Sum of Forty Shilling's, to be levied by Distress and Sale ^of the Goods and Chattels of such Collector; and if no Goods and Chattels of such Collector can be found, sufficient to answer and satisfy the same, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, then the said Commissioners, by their Warrant as aforesaid, may and shall commit such Collector to one of the Compters of the said City, there to be detained and kept for any Time not longer than Qlne Month, nor less than Fourteen Days.

In case of Col-

LXVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Collector or Collectors shall happen to die, or letfors becoming become Bankrupt, before he or they shall have fully paid and satisfied all the Money by him or them re* ecuonT^or Af ce*vec* ky v*rtue of this Act, or such Composition for the same as aforesaid; then, and in every such Case, to pay the the Executors or Administrators, Executrix or Administratrix, or other legal Representative or Representa-Monej, tives, of such Collector or Collectors, or other Perfor* or Persons possessing his or their Estate and Effects, shall, in the first Place, out of such Estate and Effects, pay unto the Chamberlain of the said City of Lon* don for the Time being, all such Sums of Money as were in the Hands of such Collector or Collectors at the Time of his or their Death; and the Assignee or Assignees of his or their Estate and Effects, in case of Bankruptcy, shall, after paying to the petitioning Creditor or Creditors, his, her, or their Costs of suing out and prosecuting the Commission against such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, in the next Place, pay Unto the said Chamberlain all such Sums of Money as were in the Hands of such Collector or Collectors, at the Time of the suing out of any such Commission of Bankruptcy against him or them, or so much thereof as the said Estate or Effects will extend to pay, and the Receipt of the said Chamberlain shall be a good Discharge for the said Money; and every Executor or Administrator, Assignee, or Assignees, or other Person, as aforesaid, may, to any Action or Suit commenced or brought against him, or them, plead, or give in Evidence the Payment of the same, and shall be allowed such Payment out of the Estate and Effects of such Collector or Collectors, prior to any other Debt or Demand whatsoever; and in caseof

Nonpayment of the same, by the Space of One Calendar Month after the same shall be demanded, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Alderman of the said Ward, or his Deputy, to commence and prosecute One or more Action or Actions for the same, in the Name of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, against such Executors or Admininistrators, Assignee or Assignees, or other Person as aforesaid.

If ColicLXVIII. And, to the Intent that substantial Persons may be chosen and appointed Collectors in each rReceiver be- Ward, it is hereby further enacted, That in case any Collector or Receiver of the said Rates or Affeif-^ethe°MoKTments fhaM become insolvent, or shall embezzle, or make away with, detain or misapply, any Sum or to be again af- Sums of Money so collected by him for the Uses aforesaid, so that the same cannot be recovered, or shall Jetted, die possessed of any Sum or Sums of Money by him or them collected by virtue of this Act, and which shall not be paid by his Executors or Administrators; then, and in every such Case, such Sum and Sums of Money shall be again rated and assessed on the Inhabitants of the Ward for which such Person was cho-fenand appointed Collector, by the Alderman of such Ward, or his Depury* with the major Part of the

Comm oa

a

A.D. 1768. Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 21. 477

Common Council Men of the said Ward, in such Proportion and Manner as the Rates aredirested to be made by this Act; and shall be collected, levied, and distrained in fuc h Manner, and under such Penalties as are herein provided for collecting and levying the Rates due and payable by this Act.

LXIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Chamberlain of the said City of London for the Time Chamberlain to being shall and may, and is hereby authorised and required, out of the Monies collected and paid into the P-y -*, J Si)rT*‘ ot Chamber of the said City pursuant to this Act, to pay ail Sums of Mon ey which the said Commissioners shall, from Time to Time, draw upon him for, or order him to pay; and the said Chamberlain for the Time m loners, an</ being, (lull, and he is hereby required to keep regular and clear Entries in a Book or Books to be for that to mAe Entac*. Purpose by him provided and kept, of all and singular his Receipts and Payments, on account or in purfu-fuance of this Act; to which Book or Books every Citizen of London^ liable to the said Rates, 11 ail, and may have frccacccfs at all convenient Times, with full Liberty to inspect the same, without Fee or Reward* andidfo that the said Chamberlain for the Time being, shall, once in every Year, have the said Accompts audited and passed by the said Commissioners, and shall deliver Copies of the said Accompts to each House o( Parliament, within Twenty Da^s after the opening of every Session.

LXX. And, for the more effectually enal ling the f id. Commissioners to execute the Purposes of this Commissionert Act, in the most expeditious Manner, it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the impowered to said Commissioners, and they are hereby impo wered, from Time to Time, when they shall judge it necella-borrow ^n,7 rv for the Purposes aforesaid, to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding One Hundred Thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the Rates or Assessments to be made, and payable by virtue of this Act; and by any Writing or Writings, upon Vellum or Parchment, signed by them, to assign the said Rates or AfieHments, to any such Person or Persons who shall advance or lend such Money thereon, as a Security or Securities for the several Sumsfo borrowed, with legal or lower Interest for the same; which Intcreit shall be payable and paid half-yearly by the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being, out of the Monies to ariseby or from ;ne said Rates or Alfdlments.

LXXI. fc And whereas many Persons may chuse to advance Money for the Purchase of Annuities, to be For borrowing ‘ secured upon, and payable out of, the said Rates and Affeuments,* it is hereby further enacted, That it Money, by Ar>-shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to contribute, advance, and pay, into the Hands nu, lxcs onLivei* of the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One Hundred Thousand Pounds, for the absolute Purchase of one or more Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the full T erm of the natural Life of such Persons* being of the Age of Forty-five Years, or upwards, as shall be nominated by or on the Behalf of such respective Contributors, at the Time of Payment of their respective Contribution Monies; which Annuity or Annuities shall not exceed the Rate of Eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, for every One Hundred Pounds, and so in Proportion for any greater or Idler Sum to be advanced and paid as aforesaid: All which.

Annuities so to be purchased, shall be payable and paid by the said Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being, out of the Monies to aril'e by or from the said Rates and Assessments, by Four equal Quarter— ly Payments; the first Payment to be made to the respective Purchasers, or their Assigns,.at the Expira-ration of the first Quarter after Payment of their respective Purchase-Monies; the Rate whereof shall be settled and adjusted by a publick Sale of the said Annuities by the said Commissioners for the belt Biddet for the same.

LXXII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That when, and as often as any such Annuitants shall die, it shall and may be lawful lor any Pei foil or Persons to purchase of the said Commissioners *any’rerfoa-One or more Annuity or Annuities upon the Life of such Persons, and upon such Terms and Conditions, p,\rc, and to be payable in such Manner as above mentioned; so that the Sum or Sums to be contributed for Annu net for the Purchase of any Annuities to be granted by virtue of this Act shall, at no One Time, exceed the said Sum of One Hundred Thousand Pounds,

LXXIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Clerk of the said Commissioners for the Time being, CIfrk to,p(er shall enter in a Book, or Books, to be for that Purpose provided and kept by the said Commissioners, all, securit!M for Securities for Monies borrowed, or Annuities granted, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, and all Monies born w-Assignments or Transfers thereof, expressing in Words at Length the Names, Surnames, Additions, ed, or Annuiu«s-Places of Abode, and other Descriptions, of all such P.rfop.s as shall, from 1'imc to Time, be entitled 5rAnted* to such Securities, and the Sums icccived open such Securities; and also the Names, Surnames, Additions,

Places of Abode, and other Descriptions of the Persons for whose Lives the said Annuities shall be respectively granted, and the Days whereon the said Annuities shall respectively be payable; to which Book and Books the Person and Persons entitled to, and possessed of, such Annuities, and all and every the Person or Persons liable to the Payment of the said Rates and A 111 II men ts, shall, at all seasonable Times, have Ac-ccls, w;ih free Liberty toinfpeftthe fame, without Fee or Reward.

JLXXIV. And iris hereby further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons wTho shall purchase Thtt the Artm such Annuity or Annuities, and shall duly pav the Pureliafc-Monies for the same at the Rates aforesaid. nu.tiesfii.ui not and his, her, or their respective I xccutors, Administrators and Assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, the b-iub.eto respective Annuity or Annuities so purchased, during the Term of the natural Life or Liver of the Person orel*

Persons by them respectively nominated at the Time of such Purchase, and shall have good, lure, absolute and indefeasible Estates and Intcrcils in the said Annuities respectively, according to the true Tenor and Meaning of this Act; and that none of the said Annuities shall be subject or liable to any Tax afic tied upon Land by Authority of Parliament, and every such Purdufer shall* upon Payment of his or her Purchasg-money

as.

478 C. 2l. Anno octavo Georgii III/ A.D. 1768.

as aforesaid, have an Order on Parchment or Vellum for Payment of the Annuity or Annuities so purchased by him or her, for and during the natural Life or Lives of such Person or Persons as shall be nominated by him or her as aforesaid; which Order shall be signed by the said Commissioners; and, after signing thereof, shall be firm, good, valid, and effectual in the Law, according to the Purport and Meaning thereof, and of this Act.

For Alignment

LXXV. And ft is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or

of Securites. Persons intitled to any of the Securities aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or

Assigns, at any Time or Times, by Writing under his, her, or their Hahd or Hands respectively, to assign or transfer such Securities, by Indorsement on the Back thereof, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, and so totres quoties \ and such Alignments or Transfers, after they shall respectively be entered by the Clerk of the said Commissioners in Manner aforesaid (which he is hereby required to do without Fee or Reward) shall intitle the Person or Persons to whom they shall be respectively made, and his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, and Aligns, to the Benefit of the Security or Securities so aligned or transferred.

In case any Per-

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall forge or coun-f*ns shall forge, terfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or wilfully act or assist in forging or counterfeiting, mcm 0Certifi2"*any Alignment of any such Annuity as aforesaid, or any Certificate of the Age or of the Life of any v cate, W- Of any Nominee, or any Order or Authority in Writing to receive any Annuity due, or to grow due, to any Aojiuiunts. Proprietor thereof, or any Part thereof, or shall knowingly or fraudulently demand, or endeavour to have or receive, any such Annuity or Annuities, or any Part thereof, by virtue of any forged or counterfeited Assignment, Letter of Attorney, Certificate, Instrumen*, Order, or Authority, in Writing, or shall falsely and deceitfully person ate any true and real Proprietor or Proprietors of any such Annuity or Annuities, or the Assignee of any such Proprietor or Proprietors, and thereby receiving, or endeavouring to receive, the Money of any such true and lawful Proprietor or Assignee, as if such Offender were the true and lawful Owner thereof; then, and in every rnd any of the said cases, all and every such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death without Benefit of Clergy.

For charging the LXXVII; And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every the Sum and Sums of Money fotobe Money borrowed acjvanced and lent, and the Interest thereof, and all and every the Annuity and Annuities so to be pur-; ont e ate». chafecj5 under and by virtue of this Act, shall be, and they are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable, from Time to Time, out of the Monies arising from the Rates and Assessments to be rated and assessed by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act; and all the Persons who shall be so pofliffed of such Securities shall be Creditors in equal Degree, without Preference in respect of the Priority of his, her, or their advancing the Money thereon.

No Persons charg-

LXXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That no Person who RatesW*shall be charged or assessed towards the Rates to be made by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall charged with o! thereafter be liable to, or charged with, any other Rates or Assessments made, or to be hereafter made, ther Rates of any by virtue or in pursuance of any former Act or Acts of Parliament, for or towards the paving, clean!*-former act. ing or enlightening, the said City and Liberties, or any Part thereof.

Not to extend to

LXXIX. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act con-repeal Rates un- tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, annul, or make void, any of the said Rates or der former Act*. Assessments made or charged by virtue or in pursuance of any such former Act or Acts of Parliament, which were due and payable, or in Arrear, on the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, or any of the Remedies, Powers, or Provisions, given or provided by such former Act or Acts respectively for the collecting, levying, or recovering, the same; but all such Rates and Assessments, and all Arrears thereof respectively, which were due and payable on the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and all the Remedies, Powers, and Provisions, in and by such former Act or Acts respectively granted, enacted, or provided, for the collecting, levying, and recovering, the same respectively, shall continue and be in force; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXXX. ‘And whereas certain Parts of Holborn, the Mlnorics, and A Id erf gate-Street, are supposed to be out of the Liberties of the said City of London, by means whereof the Pavements of the several ' 4 Streets and Places within the same respectively cannot be completely finished by the Powers hereby

vested in the said Commissioner*; wherefore, for the better and more fpoedy Completion of the same/ For aOefTjngcer- be it enacted, That the several Powers and Authorities hereby vested in the said Commissioners, and all tan Places in Ho/- the provisions and Regulations herein before established, declared, and provided, for the Purposes of ©uToftbe Uber- Pav*nS* cleansing, and enlightening, the said City and the Liberties thereof, and for other Purposes of tKs of the fridCi- this Act, shall respectively extend and shall be in force, and shall in all Respects he executed by the said ty}forihePurpo-Commissioners, within such Parts of Holborn, the Minories, and A/detJgate-Street, as are, or are supposed fotfthis Act. to be, out of the Liberties of the said City of London; and the Courts and Alleys leading into the lame.

or communicating therewith, and the Inhabitants of the several Parts and Places aforesaid, shall be rated and assessed according to the Provisions herein before made by the Alderman of the Ward next adjoining to the same respectively, or determined by his Deputy, with the major Part of his Common Council Men, and such Rates shall be recovered in Manner herein before directed; any Law, Statute, Custom, Usaga, o;*Prc-(cription, to the contrary notwithstanding.

3 LXXXI. Provided

A.D. 176$. Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 479

LXXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That Liberty of S/. nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the Liberty of Saint Martin le Martin u Grand Grand) belonging to the Dean and Chapter of JVe;hninJhr\ any thing in this Act to the contrary in any e*cep‘cj! oul ot wise notwithstanding. ' lh,s Aa*

LXXXII., And whereas it was by an Act of the Seventecth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty Recites^ the k€t 4 King George the Second, intituled, sin Act for making rjfcflual'Provision for enlightening the Streets of theot Cco*11, c. 4 City of London, enabled, That if at the Expiration of Seven Years, it should be found that any Sur-'9'

plus should have arisen from the Monies collected by virtue of the said Act, over and above what should have been issued and applied in pursuance thereof, such Surplus-Monies should remain in the Chamber of the said City of London, to be applied either in Aid of the Orphans Funds, c r in Abatement or Diminution of future Rates and Assessments, or to be otherwise disposed of to and for the Use and Benefit of the Citizens of London, as they by an Act of Common Council should direct and appoint: And whereas Part of the Money arising by the Sale of Six thousand Pounds Three per Cent, consolidated Bank Annuities, which were purchased with or out of the Surplus Money collected by virtue of the said last mentioned Act, over and above what had been issued and applied in pursuance thereof, is now remaining in the Chamber of the said City; and it will tend to expedite the good Purposes of this present Act if such Mouey as now is, or hereafter may be, in the Chamber of London of the Monies collected, or to be collected, determined by virtue of the said former Act, were to be applied towards the carrying on the Purposes aforesaid therefore it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the said Money, Surplus Monies and all such Surpluses as have arisen, or shall or may arise, from the Monies collected, or to be col-collided by vir-ledled, by virtue of the said Act of the Seventeenth Year of his laid late Majesty, and shall on thecofJhc recited Twenty-fifth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, be remaining in the said Chamber of London, over and above what shall then have been ifT.icd and applied in pursuance of the said last mentioned Act, shall and may be applied towards the Purposes of this present Act at such Time or Times, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners shall, from Time to Time, think fit, order, or direct; and the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being shall immediately after the said Twenty-fifth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, carry the said Money, and the Amount of the Surplus of the said Monies which shall then be in his Hands, to the Credit of the Account of Monies to be collected and paid into the said Chamber by virtue or in pursuance of this present Ac>.

LXXXIII. And to the End and Intent that the useful Purposes of this Act may be the better and A Toll robe tak-inore speedily carried into Execution, and for and towards increasing the Fund for defraying the Chargescn at l.hc frycral of the same, it is hereby further enacted, That upon and after the rirft Sunday next after the passing of'^eTmcmioned" this Act there shall he paid to the Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, to be nominated and before acarle appointed as herein after-mentioned, before any Cattle or Carriage shall be permitted to pals on a Sunday or Cairi^g- Anil through any or either of the Turnpikes herein after-mentioned, or through any Turnpike to be erected k* permuted <« by virtue of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament near the same; videlicet, the Turnpike atPAls on SuniijY* AIile-End, the Turnpike at Bethnal-Green, the Turnpike at Hacbt-y, the Turnpike at Kingsland, the Turnpike at Bull's Pound or Pondy Islington, the Turnpike at Holloway, the Turnpike at the End of Saint Johns-Street, the Turnpike at the Er.d of Goswell-Street, and the Turnpike on the New-Read, commonly called the City-Road, all whkh Turnpikes are in the County of Middlsex, the following Tolls, videlicet,

For every Coach, Chariot, Beilin, Chaifc, Chair, Calash, or other Carriage, drawn by Six or more The Toll*. Horses or Mules, the Sum of Ten Pence; and for every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Chaise, Chair, Calash, or other Carriage, drawn by Four Horses or Mules, the Sum of b ight-pence.

For every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Chaifc, Chair, Calash, or other Carriage, drawn by Three or Two Horses or Mules, the Sum of Sixpence; and for every Chaise, Chair* Calaih, or other Carriage, drawn by. One iiorfc or Mule, the Sum of Three-pence.

For every Horse, Mule, or Ass not drawing, the Sum of One Penny.

Which said respective Sums of Money shall and may be demanded and taken for, and in the Name of, The f id Tolls to a Street Toll, over and above, and exclusive of, all other Tolls which are or shall be authorised to be taken and collected upon or on Account of the Lid Roads, or any of them; and the Monies arising the re-d j otbe‘" from shall be, and are hereby, vested in the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and shall be dif-Tolh vrrtrd m posed of for the Purposes of this Act: And the said Commissioners are hereby impowered, by themselves, the Mayor and or by any Person or Persons by them thereunto authorised, to levy the loll hereby required to be paid upon any Person or Persons who shall, after Demand thereof made, neglect or refulc to pay the same as

aforesaid, or to deny or hinder any Paliage through the said Turnpikes respectively until Payment thereof; DdtrcUanu which said Toll shall and may be levied by Distress of any H >rfe or Hotfes, or other Cattle, upon which the Toll is by this Act imposed, or upon any of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons who ought to pay the same; and all such Horses, Cattle, or Good*;, may be detained until Lch Toll, with the reasonable Charges of such Distress, shall be paid; and it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Per-Dirtrrft way he ions so distraining, after the Space of Four Days from the Time of making and taking such Distress, tolold *Uer4 foil the Horse or Horses, Cattle, Goods, or Chattels, so distrained, rendering the Owner or Owners

thereof

48® C. 21.

Anno octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1768.

Commissioners may erect Turnpike*,

thereof the Overplus, upon demand, after Satisfaction of the said Toll, and the reasonable Charges in and about making such Distress, Keeping, and Sale, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

LXXXIV\ And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they think proper, at any Time or Times, during the Continuance of this Act, to cause to be erected any Turnpike or Turnpikes at or near all or any of the respective Places afore mentioned, for the Purposes ofcollecting the several and respective Tolls hereby made payable; and also cause to be erected or provided a Toll-house at or near each Turnpike, and, from Time to Time* to remove or alter the same, as they the said Commissioners shall think expedient; and the Right and Property of all the Turnpikes and Toll-houses to be, from Time to Time, erected and provided by virtue of this Act, and the Right and Property of the Materials provided for building or repairing the same* vefte"P'ir!*he a 11 be, and are hereby, vested in the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and they are hereby im-

Mayor and Com- powered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions in the Name of the Corporation, and penalty and ci-to prefer, or order the preferring of, Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall injure the tizens. fame, or any Part thereof, or disturb them in the rofifeflion thereof, or take or retain, or hold Possef-

*r I., fion thereof, after being required by Order of the Commissioners to deliver up the same.

‘ a*/ the°"

LXXXV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That it shall and may be

Turnpikes alrea- lawful for the several and respective Receivers or Collectors, and other Persons to be appointed by vir-

elected. tue of this Act, to receive and collect the several Tolls hereby made payable; and they are hereby authorised and impowered, for the Purposes of this Act, without the Lett, Hindrance, or Molestation, of any Person or Persons whatsoever, to make use of all or any of the Gates, Turnpikes, and Toll-houses, already erected or hereafter to be erected or continued, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament, at or near the several and respective Places whereat any Toll is hereby authorised to be taken; so as such respective Receivers, Collectors, or other Persons, do in no wife hinder or interrupt the transacting of an^r Business or Purpose for which such Turnpikes and Toll-houses were respectively erected or pro-

WOilcc^Da'd

LXXXVI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be ay‘liable to pay the said Street Toll more than Once for passing or repassing at any Time or Times on the same Day as aforesaid, with the same Cattle and Carriage; but that all and every Person and Persons, after having paid such Toll Once as aforesaid, shall, during the Remainder of such Day, pass Toll-free, with respect to the said Street Toll, with the same Cattle and Carriages, through the Gate or Turnpike at which any such Toll was paid, and also through all other Gates and Turn-

pikes whereat the said Tolls are hereby made payable, upon producing a Note or Ticket denoting the Payment of such Tole; which Notes or Tickets the Collectors of the said Tolls are hereby required to give gratis on Receipt of such Tolls.

LXXXVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Commissioners may, and they are hereby impowered, upon Ten Days Notice being given in the London Gazitte^ to lease or farm by the Year the Tolls by this Act granted, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons, at or for the jargest yearly Sums that can be got for the same; provided that such Lettings or Agreements be made in Writing, and signed by the Person or Persons taking or farming any such Tolls, and by the said Commissioners letting the same, and be not made for more than Three Years at a Time; and that the Money that shall be so agreed to be paid for the said Tolls shall be made payable, and shall be paid to the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being by Quarterly Payments; and that the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so lett shall always pay One Quarter’s Pay in Absence: And if any Letting or Agreement for letting the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be made, and any Dew fault shall be made in paying the Money agreed to be paid, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act; then every such Letting and Agreement shall be void: and the Person or Persons to whom the said Tolls shall be lett shall be liable to account for the same, and to have the same levied and recovered upon and of him or them, in the same Manner as is by this Act directed for the accounting for the said Tolls by the Collectors thereof, and for the levying and recovering the same upon and of them.

LXXXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be n,ay appoint of-lawful to and for the said Commissioners, at any Time or Times, by any Writing or Writings under fitcr5# their Hands and Seals, to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons to be Receiver or Receivers,

Collector or Collectors, of the said respective Tolls, as they shall think fit; and all Persons by this Act made liable to pay the said Tolls, or any of them, are hereby required to pay the same to such Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors. as aforesaid; and all such Receivers and Collectors shall respectively pay the same into the Office or the Chamberlain of the said City, in like Manner, and under the like Regulations and ReAriftions, as are herein before expressfed of and concerning the col-Officer* to ac» lifting and paying the Rates and Airellments aforesaid; ^nd shall also upon Oath, if thereunto required count upon Oath, by the said Commissioners conflicted by this Act, (which Oath the said Commissioner, are hereby authorised and impowered to administer) from Time to Time give unto the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, a true, exact, and perfect Accounft

tornmissionert may lea fir, the Toll*.

Commissioners

Officers to account.

in Writing, under their respective Hands, of all Monies which they, and every or any of them, rtfufingfljall to such Time have received by virtue of this Act: And if such Receiver or Collector shall not

A. t)* 1768. Attnd o6avo Georgii III. c. 2r» 481

not make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath, any such Account, or to make Payment as aforesaid; then, or in either of such cases, it shall be lawful to or for One or m~re Justice or Justices of the JustTcei to Peace; and such Justice or Justices, upon Complaint to him or them made, is and are hereby authoris'dquijcmtotheDe-and required to make Enquiry concerning such Default, as well by Confession of the Party, asbvthefaur' Testimony o? any credirle Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath (which Oath such Justice or Justices is.

and are hereby impowered and required to administer, without Fee or Reward); and if any such Receiver oflinder^untU or Collector shall be convicted of any or either of the Offences aforesaid, such Justice or Justices shall Payment otCom-com nit every such Offender to the Common Gaol, without Bail or Mainprize, until he {Fall give orpoGtion made, make a true and Perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded with the said Commissioners constituted by this Act, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint, which Composition the said Commissioners are hereby impowered Commissionen to make; and the said Commissioners shall and may, out of the Monies arising by the said Tolls, or to allow officer! otherwise, make such Allowance unto their Receivers and Collectors, and all other Persons to be employed Salaries by or under the said Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, for their Care and Pains in their respective Offices, as the said Commissioners shall think fit and reasonable.

LXXXIXt And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commis-For farming the sioners of any One of the said Turnpikes for the Time being, or for any Three or more of the Commit-T®lb. lioners of each of the said Turnpikes, at any of their publick Meetings, to treat and agree with the Commissioners constituted by this Act, for the taking or farming any of tue said Tolls.

XC. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Commissioners may, and they are hereby im-»follt may ht af-powered, to borrow and take up at Interest, any Sum or Sums of Mcney upon the Credit of the Tolls Ggned tdrmonty payable by virtue of this Act, and to aflien over the same, or any Part thereof, by any Writing or Writ- borrowed, ings under their Hands and Seals, the Carriages of such Assignments and Conveyances to be paid out of such Tolls respectively, to any Person off Persons who shall advance or lend their Money thereon, as a Security or Securities for the several Sums which shall be borrowed, and the Interest thereof as aforesaid: And Copies of all such Assignments and Conveyances shall be entered in a Book or Books tOAssignmenti to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk for the Time being of the said Commissioners; and all and every be entered in a Person and Persons to whom such Assignment shall be made, are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, BooIc« to assign and transfer their Right and Interest, by Indorsement on the Back of their Securities, in like Manner and Form, as the Securities for the Monies borrowed on the Rates and Assessments to be made and levied by virtue of this Act, are before directed to be assigned and transferred; and all such Assign-tnents and Transfers shall be produced, notified, and entered, in like Manner as is before described, with respect to the Producing, Notification, and Entry; of the Assignments and Transfers of the Securities for such Rates and Assessments; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person who shall have made any Assignment or Transfer of their Securities on the said "Foils, to make void oc (lifebarge the same, or any Money due thereon; and no Person or Persons advancing any Sums of Money on the Credit of the said Tolls, shall be intitled to any Preference with respect to the Priority of advancing \\\ CrWieirt any such Sum or Sums; but all Persons, to whom any Mortgages or Assignments shall be it ade as deemed e^ua] In aforesaid, shall be Creditors in equal Degree One with another, in Proportion to the Sums therein Desrcc* mentioned.

XCI. And it is hereby further eriaded, That if any Person or Persons shall forcibly or wilfully go Penalty on forci-br pass with any Horse, Beast, or Carriage, through any Turnpike whereat any Toll is by virtue of^iy puffing this Act to be paid, without paying such Toll, or producing a Note or Ticket as aforesaid at such Turn- the

pike, or shall knowingly or designedly assault, interrupt, or obstiud, any or either of the Collectors<jates' or Persons employed in the collecting or receiving any or either of the said Tolls, in the Execution of his or their respective Office or Offices; or shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall deliver to, or or pivine nr re-receive from any other Person or Persons, any Note or "Picket, with an Intent to avoid the P ay- reiving. Ticket?, ment of any or either of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof; every Person, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings, over and beffdes such Damages and Punish- mentoU *c c ,s* ments as they and every of them respectively shall be liable to by Law; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Receivers or Collectors, and for every of them, and all other Persons required by them to assist in that Respect, tb seize any Horse or Horses, Cattle, or Goods belonging to, or in the Possession, or under the Care of, any Person or Persons so offending in the Premises, ami to take.f.eh Offenders before any Justice of the Peace, and before him to make Complaint of such Offence or Offences; and such Justice may and is hereby required to enquire into, the same, as well by Examination of the Party or Parties, as by the leffimony of any credible Witness or Witmffts, upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered to administer without Fee or Reward) and, if the Mi J Justice shall fee Cause, to convict the Party or Parties complained of in the Penalty cio claid; and for Non-payment thereof, and of the Tolls that shall be due (though the same shall not be demanded) by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the said Horse or Horses, Ca»tle, or Goods, to be sold for Payment of the said Tolls and Penalties, and the Charges of seizing and keeping the same, and of such Sale; rendering the Overplus (if any there shall be) lo the Owner or Owners of the find Horse or Horses, Cattle* or Goods, or to the Person or Persons under whose Care, or in whole Possession, they respectively were so seized as aforesaid; and if no such Seizure as aforesaid can or shall be made, then the aforesaid Penalty and Tolls shall be levied and recovered by such Means, and applied in such perfcr.s r- Manner, as herein after mentioned: And moreover, it shall and may be lawful for any of the Collectorsw. tr, ti.r of the Rates hereby granted, or other Officer, to be appointed by virtue of this Act, who shall be af-Coi':dttrs> *rc

482 C. 21.

Anno octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1768.

Pcjcc.

in p wired to faulted, obstructed, or interrupted, in the Execution of any of their respective Offices, and for every uk them M'ore Gf them, and all other Persons required by them to aftift in that Respect, to take such Offender before fu^ice ot i»cany Justice of the Peace, who is hereby required to inquire into the same in Manner as above directed, Jcc* and, if he shall see Cause, to convict the Party or Parties complained of in the Penalty last mentioned,

- «to be levied and recovered as hereafter directed.

by virtue of this XCII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act shalt aft}vestrdin thebe, and the same are hereby, vested in the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, Mayor and Com- and shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

moaalty and C-t z-n*.

fin a[h!S how XCIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of pro-to he paid. °W curing and patting this Act shall be paid out of the First Monies which shall be raised determined by virtue thereof. Writings to be XCIV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Nomina-without Stamps, tion, Contraft, Bond, Warrant, Judgment, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, or only signed by any Commissioner or Commissioners constituted by this Act, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before any of them, or under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, or only signed by any other Person or Persons whatsoever, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be chargeable with any Duty whatsoever.

Pennies and XCV, And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by Forfeitures how this Act imposed (the Manner of recovering and levying whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly 10 r^vcred directed) shall be recovered and levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by an app. Warrant*under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the City or Place where the Offence shall be committed, or the Offender found; which Warrant such Justice or Justices are hereby impowered and required to grant upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon Information of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath* (which Oafh such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered to administer;) and the Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattles shall be so distrained and fold -(the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deduited) shall be paid to the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being, and be applied, the One Half to the Informer, and the other Half towards the Purposes of this Act; and ia case sufficient Distress shall not be found, then it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Justice or Justices to Commit such Offender to any Prison of the City or Place within his or their Jurisdiction* without Bail or Mainprize, for any Space of Time not exceeding Thirty Days; nor left than Tea Days 7 and in Cases where the Penalties and Forfeitures hereby inflicted for any Offence contrary to this Act: shall not exceed the Sum of Forty Shillings, such Offences shall be heard and determined by the Commissioners in a summary Way. 4

XCVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Proceeding to be had touching the Conviction of %o be quasheJ for any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be done wam of Form. Qr transactecj^ in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed Tor want of Form; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XCVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act until Twenty-one clear Days Notice shall be thereof given, in Writing, to the Clerk for the Time being of the Commissioners const ituted by th is Act, or after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed for which such Action or Actions* Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and every such Action shall be brought, laid, and tried, in the City or County where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and that the Defendant or Defendants in such Actions or Suits, and every of them, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought was done in Pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before Twenty-one clear Days Notice given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall oe laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid; then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defend.nts therein: And if the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become nonsuited, or fuft'er a Discontinuance of such Action or Actions, or if Judgment shall be given for the Defendand or Defendants therein; then, and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs, in any other Cases by Law,.

XCVIII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That immediately after the several Authorities, Powers, and Provisions, herein before given or granted, established, declared, and provide], shall commence and takeeft'eft respectively, for the Purpose.; of paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the said City, and the Liberties thereof, and the other Purposes of this Act, according to the Tenor and true Meaning thereof, the said Act made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and for preventing Obstructions. and Annoyances within the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, except as aforesaid* Hull be, and the same is hereby repealed and made void.

Proceedings not

Limitation

Anions.

of

enertl Issue*

Treble Costs,

P*ro-»J« Act 6

III. C. 26.

A.D. 1768. Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 2i* 22. 483

XCIX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That nothing herein contained shall NToAWm:mm extend, or be construed to extend, to make void the Appointment of any Officers already appointed bvof or

virtue of the said Act hereby repealed; or to make void any other Proceeding already had or commenced* d by virtue of, and under the Authority of the said Ail; or to prevent the complicating of any such Pro-A^ be ceedings; but that the said Commissioners constituted by this Act shall and tnay carry into Execution, made void under And compleat all such Proceedings commenced under the said Act hereby repealed, in the like Manner* Act. as if the same had been commenced under and by virtue of this Act.

C. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing in this Aftcontained shall extend, Repeal* Aa« it construed to extend, to revive 10 much of the said Act made in the Twenty-second and Twenty-third 23 Car*c* Years of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, or of an Act made in the Second Year of the1?*

Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, as relates to the paving and cleansing the 2W. & M. Sef. Streets in the said City of London, and to the preventing of Nuisances and Obstructions within the same;2* c. 8. or so much of an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Se- io Geo. Il. c.a*. cond, as relates to the paving the said Streets; or to revive the said Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, or any of the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, 17Cco.II. c. 19.' and Matters, therein respectively contained; or to revive so much of an Act made in the Thirty-third and 33 Geo II. c. Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the repairing and re-3°* laying such Pavement in the said City as shall be damaged by the breaking up of the same to amend and % relay any Water Pipes; but the same shall remain, and they are hereby declared to be respectively repealed and made void.

CI. And is is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, ad-Publick Act* judged, and taken to be, a Publick Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices* and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for the more easy and efifeftual Recovery of the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by the Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade or Revenues of the British Colonies and Plantations in America.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fourth Year of His nrefent Majesty's Reign, intituled*

An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America $for conti nu-^Gcotlll*c! i$. 4 ing, amending, and making perpetual, an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the ReigH of His fate Maie/ley'

King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America \ for applying the Produce cf such Duties, and of the Duties to arise by virtue of the said Act, towards defraying the Expences of defending, protecting, and Securing, the said CoLnies and Plantations; for explaining an Act made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eafliand Trades, and for the better securing the Plantation Trade; and for altering and disallowing fveral Drawbacks on Exports from this Kingdom, and more effectually preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Goods to and from the said Colonies and Plantations, and improving and securing the Trade between the same and Great Britain; it was enabled and declared* That all the Porfeitures and Penalties inflicted by that or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, relating to the Trade and Revenues of the British Colonies or Plantations in'

America, which should be incurred there, should and might be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered*

in any Court of Record or in any Court of Admiralty, in the said Colonies or Plantations where such Ottence should be committed, or in any Court of Vice-Admiralty which might or should be appointed over all America; which Court of Admiralty, or Vice-Admiralty, were thereby respectively au:ho- rifed and required to proceed, hear, and determine the same, at the Election of the Informer or Pro- fecutor: And whereas Proftjcutions and Suits for Recovery of Forfeitures and Penalties, inflicted by any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade or Revenues of the said Colonies or Plantations, in One Court only of Vice-Admiralty over all America, may, in many cases, by reason of the Distance of the Places where the Cause of such Suits and Prosecutions shall arise from the Place where such Court is or shall be established, be attended with great Inconvenience: iYIay it therefore please 1 Your Majesty, that it may be enacted;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of September, After t Stpe. One thousand seven hundred and sixty-cifiht, all Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted by any Act ot Acts i76S» the Peiul-of Parliament relating to the Trade of Revenues of the Priiish Colonies or Plantations in America, may tr* and Forfeu be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, in any Court of Vice-Admiralty appointed, or to be appointed, or Ret

and which shall have Jurisdiction within the Colony, Plantation, or Place, where the Cause of such Venu?«oi the/w-Prosecution, or Suit shall have arisen. tish Coion c* or

Phr/anon* in ylmtrica, nuv b sued iVr and »ccrve’<*d in any Court of Vier- Admiralty within tn; Co'ony,

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any Prosecution orand Persons ag-Suit shall be commenced and determined for any Penalty or Forfeiture inflicted by any such Act or Acts off, cvcd. ,h*

CLqq2, Parliament, DcUrmiflal, on 41

4-84 C. 22, 23. Anno octavo Georgii III. A.D. 176?.

of such Court in any Court of Admiralty in the respective Colony or Plantation where the Offence shall be committed, ju-y a^pcil. either Party who shall think himself aggrieved by such Determination may appeal, from such Determination, to any Court of Vice-Admiralty appointed, or to be appointed, and which shall have Jurisdiction within such Colony, Plantation, or Place; which Court of Vice-Admiralty is hereby authorised and required to proceed, hear, and determine, all such Suits, Prosecutions, and Appeals; any Law, Custom or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, as affefts the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey, with respect to the Leakage of Wines imported into this Kingdom from the said Islands under certain Restrictions and Regulations; and for continuing an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of His late Majesty, for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain.

tinV Chu?c ^nC1'f WT E A S by a Clausein an Act of Parliament made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His

Act 4. Geo. III. C present Majesty, intitled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Aloney out of the c. 13. 4 Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty Four; and for preventing

in certain cases, the obtaining of Allowances in respect of the Leakage of Wines imported into this Kingdom; and

fr making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, lojI,

burnt, or otherwise dstroyed; it is enabled. That from and after the First Day of May, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-four, no Merchant shall be allowed Twelve per Centum, or have any Allowance for Leakage upon any Wine imported into this Kingdom, unless such Wine be imported directly T 4 from the Country or Place of the Growth of the said Wine, or the usual Port or Place of it’s first ship-

1 -,°La: C Ping (except as therein excepted :) And whereas it hath been found that great Loss and Detriment hath

th? recite!7 4 accrued to the Inhabitants of the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey, by reason of such Restriction: May it

clause, so far as4 therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent

it afteffcs th Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in /lT<Tnd y<?ifern t^l‘s Pre*cnt Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty-fifth ^irh^ei/rV'to Day of Match, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-eight, the said Clause, so far as the same affects the the Leakage of Islands of Guernsy and Jersey, with regard to the Allowance on Leakage of Wines imported from the said Win«, repealed}Islands in:o this Kingdom, shall be repealed.

provided a proper H. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no

Certificate on Person or Persons shall be intitled to any Allowance on Wines imported into this Kingdom from the

ablctotU^Regu. Islands, unless Certificat, on Oath, made before the Magistrates of the Royal Courts, or any Three lationshere men. of them, shall be produced before the Collector, or other proper Officer of the Customs at the Port where tioned, be produ-such Wines shall be landed in Great-Brita'tn, which Oath is to be taken by the Sh:pper of the Wines at ded bef re the the Islands aforesaid, or either of them, certifying the Name of the Vessel in which such Wines are shipped, fhcPPort of^Im-Name of the Master or Commander thereof, and the Number and Quality of Casks so shipped, with portation in the Marks thereon, and that such Wines have received no Mixture lince their landing at the said Islands Ci eat Britain, or either of them, except such Mixture only as is usual and nectlTary for clearing and forcing fi.ich Wines, and that such Wines have been imported into the said Islands or one of them, in British Bottoms only, unless in Time of adhial War; and the said Wines are, at the Time of shipping at the Islands aforesaid.

Where Wines

ftVII 'be imported or either of them, the Property of British Subjects only.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Wines from such Countries where British alto this Kingdom from Consul residing in the

into the said

Ithnch from Consuls refute, all be entitled to any Allowance for Leakage on Wi.es imported into this Kingdom from A Con^ir *‘her of the said Islands, unless a Certificate, under the Hand and Seal of the British Consul residing in the are rrfiden?L Country where such Wines Dull be first shipped, shall have been produced at the Time of the Importation Cenificates are into the find islands or either of them, before the Royal Courts there, and shall have been registered in the to be had irom fame, testifying that such V\ ines were shipped for the fai l Islands, or one of them, in British Bottoms, ijii-them,a|»d produ-|efs in Time of actual War, and that the same are the Property of British Subjects only, specifying the in the Lid lilands Name of the Vessel in which such Wines were shipped, and the Name of the Mailer or Commander therein order to mu of, and also the Quantity of such Wines; which Certificate, indorllM by the Magistrates of the Royal them to tht Al-Courts, or any T hree of them, n all be transmitted to the Collector, or other proper Officer of the Cuf-lnwanceforleak-t°ms> at t|le port where such YVincs shall be land' d in this Kingdom.

IV. Provided always, That in case such Wines fty.il! be imported fi run the said Islands, or either of them Y*ntol^1s Kingdom, in different Parcels, the said Certificate (h ill accompany the first fared of such Wines fft^nrVa^ele hnported i and with regard to the Remainder of such Qu ntiti ro be imported in any subsequent Par-the said Ccrufi-cel or Parcels, the same shall be certified by the Shipper f such Vines, upon Oath made before the Roy-c»te Uto ©rcom-al Court of the I-and from whence such Wines ft; Ji be imported, tellitying the same to be Part of the pany the fifft Wine contained in the said Certificate from the Zte/7': Com il, and dccia.ing what Quantities and Parcels Kwamder^bc l^e ^ame ^avc* been shipped, in what Vdfeis, and to wlm Port, with th- Quantity of the said different e.tifiedby the Parcels so flapped amount to 3

Shipp*, V»

A.D. 1768. Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 23, 24. 25. 485

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the Thirty-third Year Aa 33Gw.ll* of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to continue am Act madec* f7*

in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better En-

1 uurazcment of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain/ which was continue in Force until the Twenty-

ninth Day of September^ One Thousand, Seven Hundred and Sixty-seven, and from thence to the End offurthercmtin*-

the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expira-*1 *0 29

tion thereof, to the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-four, 1774«

and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP XXIV.

An Act to permit the Exportation of certain Quantities of Malt belonging to certain Merchants in the County of Norfolk, and which were made for Exportation between the Fifteenth of November, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-six, and the passing the Act of the lull Session for prohibiting the:

Exportation of Malt.

EXP.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for reducing the Duties on Foul Salt to be used for Manure; for altering the Stamp-Duties on certain Policies of Afftirance; for amending so much of an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Allowance of the Duties of Customs, and exempting from the Duties of Excile such Rum or Spirits of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of the British Sugar Plantations in America, as shall be exported from this Kingdom, for better securing the Excise Duties upon Foreign Liquors imported 5 for repealing a Clause in an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, prohibiting the Sale of condemned Tea for Home Consumption; for amending such Parts of Two Acts made in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relate to the depositing, in the Warehouses belonging to the Custom-house at London^ Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, and Cambricks, and French Lawns upon the Seizure thereof,

WHEREAS all White Salt, the Product or Manufacture of the Kingdom of England, Dominion Preamble of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, is, by several Acts of Parliament, charged and chargeable with the Payment of Three Shillings and Four-pence aBufhel Duty, at the Rate of Fifty-six Pounds Weight to the Bushel, and no more, to be paid, or secured to be paid, by the Makers or Proprietors thereof, before the same can be removed from the Salt Works where the same is made: And whereas, in the manufacturing such White Salt, considerable Quantities of Foul Salt, called by the several Names of Grey or Scrow Salt, Salt Scale, Sand Scale, or Cruftings, are necessarily produced, which cannot be applied to the curing of Provisions, nor can the same be removed from the said Salt Works as the Laws now stand, without the Payment of the said Duty of Three Shillings and Four-pence a Bushel, which is considerably more than the Value thereof; and it is apprehended that the said Foul Salt may be a useful Manure, and very beneficial in Agriculture, in case the same svere charged and chargeable with only a small Duty: May i: therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted ;* And be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fhft Day of May, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-eighr, all Grey or Scrow Salt, Salt Scale, Sand Scale, and Cruftings, or other Foul Salt whatsoever, already produced, or <5jlt7t *hc suJjt hereafter to be produced, at any of the said Salt Works, shall be charged and chargeable with the Payment works are of a Duty cf Four-pence a Bufnel only, at the Rate of Fifty-six Pounds weight to the Bushel, to be paid in chargeable with re.dy Morey without any Allowance for Difi ount on prompt Payment, or Allowance for wasteof Salt carried ^u'y *' f Coastwise, by the Makers or Proprietors then of, before the same shall be removed from the Salt Works where htr Bu"itl, OD 7* the lame has been, or hereafter shall be, prod iced or made, which said Duty shall be under the Care and Di- {tremw. 1 in<m-rection of the Commissioners for the Receipt, Management, and Government, of the Duties on Salt, 3p-ers ,pd pointed or to be appoin.ed by His Majesty, and of the Oftkers for the said Duties on Salt for the Time for the Sait Du-Inng, in the fume Manner ns he Duties on Salt now are managed, levied, collected, or received; andtC5»*

shall be paid and applied in such Manner as the Duties now payable on such Foul Salt are paid and applied.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said First Day of Notice to be v-May, One thousand seven hundred and fixiy-tignt, no such Foul Salt shall he delivered by the Maker Gren ,h^p:° cr Proprietor f;om any Salt Work or Works wi hoir Notice first given to the Officer appointed for that01 ccr ,u,c I uruofc; ror flail any Carrier or other Pei ion c r fu. h..

L delivery of any

remove, carry, or convey, any )uch Si!t}

Notice

Persons whatsoever, remove, carry, or Foul Salt without d ie Entry of the same, and Payment of the Duties hereby imposed thereon, a*d Fntry to be or without a Warrant or Permit for carrying the same, under fin h Pains and Penalties as are mentioned and'* contained in the Acts of Parliament relating to Salt, or any of them j to te levied, iccovered, and distri- thfiouc ^an

buted

486 C. 25. Anno octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1768.

a Permit obtain, buted, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner and Form, as the Duties on Salt were thereby ap«

ed,6V. pointed to be levied, recovered, and distributed.

6:1. Pi mlty on empUv ng the said Salt to any other Purpose but that of Manure.

Recital of Cl-»u(V» in Act

Stamp Dates Upon ' oiicics ti Assurance.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall* after such Foul Salt has been removed from any Salt Work or Works, use, employ, or consume, the same for any other Purposes whatsoever than for the manuring of Land as aforesaid; he, she, or they, for every Offence, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Sixty Pounds; One third Part thereof to His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, and the Remainder thereof to such Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same; which said last mentioned Penalty and Forfeiture shall be recovered and levied in such Manner and Form* and with such Power of Mitigation, as any Fine, Forfeiture, or Penalty, is or may be recovered by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action or Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster^ wherein no Eflbin* Protection, or Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

IV. And whereas by an Act made In the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for altering the

- 1H c Stamp Duties upon Policies of Al]uranC€ > ondfor reducing the Allowance to be made in rejfyeft of the Prompt raj-

for ahcnnR the4 ment of ^e Stamp Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other Excise able Liquors; and for explaining

~ 4 and amending several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs; after reciting that by an Act made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty's . Reign, intituled, An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Admijftons into Corporations or Companies; and for further securing and improving the Stamp Du- ties in Great Britain; it was, among other Things, enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day ofju/y^ 4 One thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, if the Properties of more than One Person in any Ship, Cargo, or both, or of more than a particular Number of Persons in General Partnership. or of more than one Body Politic or Corporate, to a greater Amount in the Whole than the Sum of One hundred Pounds, in any Ship, Cargo, or both, be afllircd on the same Policy, such Policy should be void, and the Premium paid thereon remain the Property of the Assurer; with a Proviso, that it should and might

he lawful to allure, or cause to be assured, the Properties of any Number of Persons whatsoever, in any

Ship, Cargo, or both, by One Policy stamped with Five Stamps of Five Shillings each; any thing the rein

contained to the c< ntrary notwithstanding: And after reciting, that such Parc of the said ACI as before

recited, had been found very inconvenient to Merchants, Traders, and others, reflding out of the Kingdom, and injurious to the Commercial Dealings thereof; it was eMadied (among other Things) That

from and after the First Dayof August, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, it should and might be lawful to allure, or cause to be allured* the Properties of any Number of Persons whatsoever, in any Ship, Cargo, or both, to the Amount of any Sum, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One thoul- and rounds, by a Policy Stamped with a Stamp of Five Shillings; and that it should and might be lawful to allure, or cause to be allured, the Properties of any Number of Persons whatsoever, in any Ship, Cargo, or both, to the Amount of any Sum whatsoever. by One Policy stamped with Two Stamps of Five Shillings each; and that every Policy so stamped, mould be good, valid, and eft'edfual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever j anything in the said recited Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or any f rmer Act to the contrary notwithstanding; with a Proviso, that if any Risque or Adventure, distinif from the Risque or Adventure mentioned in the original Policy, and up; n which any further Premium should be given, should be, by any Writing or Declaration not duly stamped, added to any such original Policy, such additional Assurance should be void, and the Premium paid thereon should remain the Property of the Assurer; and it was thereby further enacted, That if any Person <*r 4 Persons should be sued or prosecuted under and by virtue of the said Act> for the alluring the Properties of any Number of Persons whatsoever in any Ship, Cargo, or both, to a greater Amount than the Sum of One thousand Pounds, by a Policy stamped with a Stamp of Five Shillings only; then, and in such Case, the Proof, as to the Amount or Value so assured, should lie on the Person or Persons that should be so sued or prosecuted, and not on the Person or Persons who should sue or prosecute: And whereas a

Doubt has arisen, whether the Property of a single Person, to any Amount, required more than a Stamp of Five Shillings; therefore,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First

fcrdm Day of Ma\t> One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, all Policies of Assurance by which the Property

1768, all Poll-cf One person9 or of a particular Number of Persons in One General Partnership, or of one Body Poli- I'rop'Vy to^Ne or Corporate, in any Ship or Cargo, or both, shall be allured 10 the Amount of more than One thousand A moM i) r of more Pounds, shall be ft amped with Two Five Shilling Stamps; and that evciy such Policy, which shall not than icccl. is be so stamped, shall be void, and the Premium paid thereon shall remain the Property of the Assurer.

allured, are to have two rj. StJii-i*, CSc.

Persons sued for V. And be it furthef declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons /r.nn^n-icreil h shall be sued or prosecuted under and by virtue of this A£, for alluring the Proncrty of One Person, or icco/. »ropejry of a particular Numb r of Persons in One General Partnership, or of One Body Politic or Corporate, in #y sfanf ^on-any ^hip or Cargo, or both, to a greater Amount than the Sum of One Thousand Pounds, _by a Policy jy>5x‘ a ,p on* stumped with a Stamp of Five Shillings only; ther., and in such Cate, the Proof, as to the amount or Value are to prote the so allured, shall lie on the Person or Persons that shall be so sued or prosecuted, and not on the Person or Amount or Va- Persons who fti 11 lucor prosecute.

nefa'd*

VI. Provided always, That if any Risque or Adventure distincS from the Risque or Adventure mcn-dluonuf fur- foiled in the original Policy, and upon which any fui ther Premium shall be given, shall be, by any Wri-rance to the ori- ting or Declaration not duly stamped, add :d to any such original Policy, such additional All’urance shall be ginal PoWv void, and the Premium paid thereon shall rc rain the Property of the Assurer;

Vhcic the Risque is distinct therefrom, ami a further Premium is given, istotcDutv starrpedaiio,

3 VII.

A.D. 1763. Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 25. 487

VII. And whereas by an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King of

Growth, Produce, and Manufacture, of the British Sugar Plantations in America, from this Kingdom as Rum and Spirits Merchandize, there shall be an Allowance of all the Duties of Custom, payable upon' the Importation lhe British of such Rums or Spirits, and that the same shall be freed and discharged from, all Duties of Excise in such Susar pi*auu-Manneras therein isdirested, but by the salt! Act it is further enacted and required. That all such Rum or Spirits so to be exported, shall be Proof Spirits, and that the same shall be, certified by the proper Officers to be Proof Spirits, before the Bonds given, for securing and paying the Duties of Excise upon the Importation of such Runi or Spirits, can be delivered up: And whereas great Part of the Rum or Spirits of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture, of the British) Sugar Plantations, imported into this Kingdom for Exportation, as Merchandize, are not Proof Spirits; and by reason thereof, and of the said Rcrtriftion in the before-redted Act, the Proprietor of the said Rum or Spirits cannot, upon the Exportation thereof, obtain the Drawback of the Customs, or be freed and discharged from the said Duties of Excise; whereby the good End proposed by the said recited Act will be in great Measure, if not totally, frustrated be it From 25 Martb therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, so much of the said recited Act as requires such Rum or Spirits so Co aesSquire* be exported to be Proof Spirits, and to be certified so to be, shall be, and is hereby repealed and made null and i\,ch Rum\.r ’ void; and that from thenceforth, upon Exportation of Rum or Spirits of the Growth, Produce, and Ma- Spirits so to be nufacture of the British Sugar Plantations, from this Kingdom as Merchandize, under the Rules, Restric- exported, to be tions, and Regulations, by the said recited Act eftubliftud and referred to (and not hereby repealed) there^j°roSbelwrti* shall be an Allowance or Drawback of all the Duties of Customs payable upon the Importation thereof, and a° ruch,1 such Rum or Spirits shall be freed and discharged from all Duties of Excise, though the same shall not be is rcpea’ed. Proof Spirits; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding. and upon the

Exportation Drawb- k is to ic allowed of ail tkc k uties payable upon the Importation thereof.

VIII. 4 And whereas determined by an Act passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George Recital of the Second, intitled^ Act for continuing certain Laivs therein mentioned, relating to British Sail Cloth, and /^Claus-s in Act the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth audio the Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gun- powder; and to the Encouragement of the Trade of the Sugar Colonies in America; c nd to the Landing of Rum Entrynfnd° Pay- or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before the Duties of Excise are paid thereon; and for regulating the ment of the Payment of the Duties on Foreign Excifabie Liquors; and/or the Relief of Thomas Wharton, with regard Duties on Fo.

to the Drawback on certain East India Callicoes; and for rendering more commodious the new Passage leading 7gn Bxu, eable froTn ChaiingCrofs; it was enacted, atncngft other Things, That from and after the Fifth Day of July, ed^U°r* mip0l6~ 4 One thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, the Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, of any Kind of Foreign Liquors liable to the Duties of Excise, within Thirty pays next after the Master Purser for that Voyage of the Ship or Vessel wherein the said Foreign Exciseable Liquors, or any of

or them, shall be imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall have or ought to have made a just and true Entry or Report, upon Oath, of the Burthen, Contents, and Loading, of such Ship or Vessel, in pursuance of the Dire ft ion of the Statute made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled,^ Act for preventing Frauds and regulating ALujes in His Majesty's Cufoms, shall make due Entry with the Officer or Collector appointed for the Excise, in the Port or T lace where such Foreign Exciseable Liquors shall be imported, of all such Foreign Exciseable Liquors on hoard such Ship or Vessel belonging to such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers; and shall then, or before, satisfy and pay the Duties cf Excise due and payable for and in re-

1 Foreign Exciseable Liquors,"with the Casks and Package Board such Ship or Vessel belonging to such Proprietor or Pronritctors, Importer or Importers, of the same, so neglecting or refilling, which shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Excise \

and that all Seizures to be made in pursuance of the said Act shall be applied, (the necessary Charges for the Recovery thereof being first deducted) One Moiety to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs*

and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Scizeror Prosecutor: And whereas since the passing the said Act, it frequently happens that Foreign Liquors liable to the Duties of Excise are imported into this Kingdom, and duly reported; but the Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or importers, or the Per- Tons to whom consigned, under Pretence that the said Foreign Liquors are much under Proof, or for other

Pretences, neglect or refuse to make due Entry or Payment, or to land the same, according to the Di- reftions of the said Act, and the same become forfeited: And whereas the said Foreign Liquors when condemned are fold Duty free, whereby the Value of the Moiety of the said Forfeiture, which by the said Act is given to His Majesty, His IT‘irs, ami Successors, is much less than the Duty that would have arisen had the same Foreign Lienors been duly landed as they ought to have been; whereby many Persons are tempted to commit great f rauds and Abides to the Prejudice of His Majesty *s Revenue, and of the fair Trad rs: For Remedy thereof,’ be it an vied by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Twenty-fifth Lay of March; One thousand seven hundred and Sixty-eight, the refotftive Com- FP, tlquorj*;}-missioners Excise in England and Scotland shall, after ' ondemnation, cause all such Foreign Liquors, liable ,sft* 10 the D»-to the Duties of Excise, which shall be fcij&ed for Nc^left or Refusal to make due Entry or Payment, oniesof Exctfe*

LuicL-

488 C. 25; Anna octavo Georgii III. A.D. 17684

and fe fed Tor not ianc)ing the Tame within the Thirty Days, according to the Directions of the said Act* to be publickly fold thereof* If/to ®eft Bidder, at such Places as the said respective Commissioners shall think proper, for and towards IreaftcVcon- ‘Satisfying the Duties chargeable on imported Foreign Liquors liable to the Duties of Excise; and the damnation to be Overplus (if any be) to be applied to and for the Benefit of the Officer seising the same: And in Case thfc J?ubhck.!y fold said boreign Liquors, so to be sold as aforesaid, shall not be of Value sufficient to satisfy, or shall barely satisfy, the Whole of the said Duties of Excise; then; and in such cases, the Officer making such Seizure the Over-5 be rewarded in such Manner as the said respective Commissioners shall think proper, such Reward not pim to goto exceeding Two Shillings per Gallon, to be in lieu of all other Allowances; any Law, Statute* or Provi-the Ortuer frif- fion to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

ing the same; but where the Produce Gull be moie or lel>, than the Duties, then the Officer is to be otherwise rewarded.

Recital of 4

IX. And whereas by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for taking off the

AeVof the* a ft E>uty of One Shilling per Pound Weight upon all Black and Singlo Teas consumed in Great Britain;

Session, relating for granting a Drawback upon the Exportation of Teas to Ireland and the Britilii Dominions in America to the F.xrorta- for a limited Time, upon such Indemnification to be made in respect thereof by the Bast-India Company, as ts t on of condemn- therein mentioned; for permitting the Exportation of Teas in smaller Quantities than One Lot to Ireland, or the /«j fc-s. find Dominions in America; and for preventing leas fazed and condemned from being consumed in Great Britain; it is amongst other Things, enacted, That all Teas which shall be seized and condemned for

being illegally imported, or for any other Gause, shall not be sold for Consumption within this Kingdom,

but shall be exported to Ireland, or to the British Colonies in America, under certain Restrictions in the Such Part of the said Act mentioned: And whereas the Consumption of such Teas in this Kingdom will greatly reduce rohlbiu the* the Price and Value thereof, and thereby discourage the Officers of the Customs and Excise from making. idling such^eif- Seizures of such Tea, and proftcuting the same to Condemnation, vhich will prorrote the illicit Impor-ed and condemn- 4 tation and Smuggling of Tea into this Kingdom, and be very prejudicial to the public Revenue and the

ed Teas for fair Trader be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this

Home Coafump- <51, such Part of the said recited Act as prohibits the telling for Consumption within this Kingdom such uon, is r< pea ed. fe|fe(j an(j condemned Teas, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be, repealed.

Recital of X. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-

Clauses in Act 4 jesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited Time } i Geo. III. c. 28 anci for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Mar.ufiafture: it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That forthwith after the Seizure of any such Foreign Wrought Silks or Velvets;

or other Works made thereof; or as soon after as conveniently may be, the same shall be sent to, and depo- site J in One of the King's Warehouses belonging to the Ciiftom-house at London: And whereas by an-, r 4 other Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and enforce the Acts of the

€."4^, relating to* Eighteenth, Tu'enty-frjl, and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second,

the fending up for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation and Wearing of Cambricks and French Lawns; to London all leaf- it is, amortgffother Things, enacted, That forthwith after the Seizure of any such Cambricks or Frcruh cd Foreign Lawns; of as soon aftfcr as conveniently may be, the same shall be sent to, and deposited in, One of the

or Cambr*cl« King’s Warehouse belonging to the Custom-house at London: And whereas the fending all such Goods

‘ 4 to London, immediately after Seizure, when seized at an Out-port of this Kingdom, is attended with great

Inconvenience to the Officers making such Seizures, as well as tb the Owners and Proprietors of such Goods, who live at rerr.dte Distances from London: Fbr Remedy Whereof,’ be it enacted by the Autho-All such Cood«rjty aforesaid, That from and aftbr the Twenty-fifth Day o{March, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-afer ^uch Wrought Silks and Velvets, and other Works made thereof, and all Cambricks and French

1-68 to remain Lawns, which have been seized in Grcax-Britain, for any cause of Forfeiture, shall and may remain m inthcCustom any Custom-house Warehouse where they are or were deposited; and all such as shall be seized after the house Ware said Twenty-fifth Day of March, shall be carried to, and deposited in, the next Custom-house, and shall 'remain there until the same shall be legally condemned, unless the Commissioners of the Customs for England fixh^sVnall le or Scotland respectively shall judge it necessary and expedient to direct such Goods to be removed foonerfrom f-i/rd after?he thence t And after such Goods shall be condemned in due Course of Law* it shall and tr ay be lawful for the fr-d Day, are to said respective Commissioners to cause such Goods to be marked or stamped in such Manner as they shall be carried to ti.c think proper, ard brought to any of the King’s Warehouses belonging to thb Custom-houfts at London or honfe lindTc- Edinburgh respectively, to be there fold for Exportation in the Manner difefted by the said Acts of Parlia-maintheret.il ment herein before recited respectively relating thereto; any Thing therein contained to the contrary condemned; un'- notwithstanding.

lets (he Commissioners shall emtt otficiwife: But afwf Condemnation, they re to be marked, and brought tt> the King’* Warehouses at L,nJ->n or Edinburgh; and there fold for Ex cortat’on.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or De-General I.Tuf fendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in Pursuance and by the Authority of this Act > and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants: And If the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontiniie his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared.; or if judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Treble Costs. Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law;

cap xxvi.

A.D. 1768. Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 26, 27. 489

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to enable His Majesty to m*ke Leases, Copies, and Grants of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall> or annexed to the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS his Royal Highness George Prince of Wales novt Hands seised of the Duchy of Cornwall, Preamlk?.

1 and the Possessions thereof: And whereas it is necessary to enable his Majesty to grant Offices

and to make Leases and Grants, by Copy of Court Roll, of Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of the said Duchy, or thereunto annexed or belonging, during the Minority of His Royal Highness be it LaSes and therefore enacted by the Kind’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Gra"ian0* Gf-Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority ficcs, Lands auS of the same. That all Leases and Grants made, or to be made, by Letters Patent or Indentures, under the Seal Hereditament* of Great Britain^ or Seal of the Court of Exchequer, or by Copy of Court Roll according to the Custom *o the

the respective Manors, within Seven Years next ensuing, of any Offices, Messuages, Parks, Lands, Tene- refJfljVe m*. ments, or Hereditaments (other than Honors, Lordships, or Manors) Parcel of the Possessions of the said nors, within 7 Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same, shall be good and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and Year* next cn-Contents of the same Copies, Leases and Grants, against our Sovereign Lord the King, His Heirs, and fujn^fb*'n? Successors, his Royal Highness George Prince of Wales and against all and every other Person or Persons, of Co who shall, at any Time hereafter, have, inherit, or enjoy, the said Duchy, by Force of any Act of Parlia- are dedared’to be ment, or by other Limitation whatsoever. good and valid.

II. Provided always, That every such Lease or Grant so made or to be made, be not for more than One, ReAriflions are Two or Three Lives, or for One and Thirty Years, or under, or for some Term of Years determinable limited.

upon One, Two or Three Lives* and not above; and if such Leases or Grants be made in Reversion or

Expectancy, that then the same, together with the Estatey in Pofllflion, do not exceed Three Lives or the Condition* with

Term of One and Thirty Years, or some Term of Years determinable upon One, Two, or Three Lives, the

and be not in any wise made difpunishable of Waste; and so as, upon every such Lease or Grart, there be, oiQramj*C8

Hull be, reserved the ancient or most usual Rent or more, or such Rent as hath been reserved, yielded or

paid, for the same Lands or Hereditaments, for the greater Part of Twenty Years, next before the making the said Leases or Grants; and where no such Rent bath been reserved or payable, that then, upon every such

Lease, there be, or shall be, reserved a reasonable Rent, not being under the Twentieth Part of the clear

Yearly Value of the Messuages, Parks*-Lands, Tithes, Tenements, or Hereditaments contained in such

Lease or Grant, and all Leases and Grants otheru ife made, or to be made, shall be null and void.

III. And be it further ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Covenants, Conditions, All Covenant Reservations, and other Agreements, contained in every Lease, Grant, or Copy of Court Roll, made or Condition?, ai.d to be made as aforesaid, shall be good and effectual, in Law, according to the Words and Contents of

lame, as well for and against them to\yhomthe Reveifions of the same Lands, Tenements, and Heredita-Xely such Lmu ments, shall come, as for and against them to whom the Interest of the said Leases, Grants, or Copies shall or Grant, ev. come respectively, as of our Sovereign Lord the King’s Majesty, at the Time of making such Covenants, dclared as Conditions, and Reservations, and other Agreements, were foiled of an absolute Estate in Fcc-simple in the"j^ Jspr^ fameLands, Tenements, or Hereditaments. feHed of the*Fce-

IV. Saving always to all and every Person or Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, their Heirs andiimpia. Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, other than to our said Sovereign Lord the King, and his Conrr^ Refer Heirs and Successors, and the Duke and Dukes of Cornwall for the Trme being, and his and their Heirs vauaToi kVuu* and all and every other Person and Persons that shall hereafter have, inherit, or enjoy, the said Dukedom

of Cornwall^ by Force of any Act of Parliament, or other Limitation whatsoever; all such Rights, Titles,

Iilatcs, Customs, Interests, enures, Claims, and Demands whatsoever, of what Nature, Kind, or Quality soever, of, in, to, or out of, the said Offices, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any of them as they, or any of them, had or ought to have had before the making of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, and in as large and ample Manner and Form as if this Act had never been had or made $ this Act, or any Thing he ein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for the further continuing several A<5ls of Parliament made for the Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on by his Majesty's Subjects.

WHEREAS diver9 Acts of Parliament have hern made for the H Subjects to carry on and improve the halt* Fishery, which, by Acts, did greatly increase to the Advantage of the Trade and Navigut

Vojl. X. Rrr

Encouragement of His Majesty's preamble* the Bounties given by the said Navigation of these Kingdom ’ Be it

therefore

jfio C. 27. Anno octavo Georgii III. A.D. 176#.

therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-Act 5 Geo. II. c. rity of the same. That an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the a8. which was Second, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Greenland Fishery,’ which was to continue in Force for feveraKubfrVent^ *n e Years, from the Twenty-fifth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and thirty-one; and ActsV^Gtt. which Act, determined by an Act of Parliament made in the Thirteenth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, in-

11. c. 28. ’rituled, An Act for continuing the several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the Premiums upon the Importation of Mails, Yards and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to jSr/V/^-made Sail Cloth*

and the Duties payable on foreign Sail Cloth; to the Greenland, and to the Whale Fihery; for granting a further Bounty for all Ships employed in the Whale Fishery during the present War; for exempting Harpooners and others employed in the Greenland Fishery Trade from being impressed and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices,’ was continued unto the Twenty-fifth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and fifty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament^ 22 Geo. Il. c. 45.and which Act, by an Act of Parliament made in the Twenty-second Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement and Enlargement of the Whale Fishery,.

and for continuing such Laws as are therein mentioned relating thereto; and for the Naturalization of such Foreign Protestants as shall serve, for the Time therein, mentioned, on Board such Ships as shall be fitted out for the said Fflhery,’ was further continued unto the Twenty-fifth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-18 Geo. II. c. 20. Hament; and which Act, by an Act of Parliament made in the Twenty-eighth Year of His said late Majesty's , Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing, explaining, and amending, the several Acts of Parliament made for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on by His Majesty's Subjects; and to authorise the Payment of the Bounty to Thomas Hood and others, upon Three Ships fitted out for the said Fishery, and loft in the Greenland Seas,’ was further continued unto the Twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, and from thence to the End of the md Geo. III.then next Session of Parliament; and which said several Acts, by an Act made in the Fourth Year of 22f the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing several Acts of Parliament made

for the Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on by His Majesty's Subjects,’ were further continued unto the Twenty-fifth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same are hereby further further conti-continue<^ from Time in the said last mentioned Act limited, from the Expiration thereof, unto* *ued to 25 Ore’*he Twenty-fifth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, and from thence to the: 1770. End of the then next Session of Parliament.

The Act of 6

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the Sixth Year of the

Geo. II. which Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery

rsc"Cdby/ carried on by His Majesty's Subjects,’ which was to be in Force during the Continuance of the Act AftI! U C<1UCn the Fifth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Greenland Fish-

ery;’ and which was, by the said Act of the Thirteenth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, continued unto the said Twenty-fifth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and fifty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which Act was, by the said Act of the Twenty-second Year of His said Majesty's Reign, continued unto the Twenty-fifth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which Act was, by the said Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, further continued unto the Twenty-fifth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which Act was, by the said Act of the fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, further continued unto the Twenty-fifth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then h further cent*-next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby, further continued from the Time in the nurd to 25 D^.said last mentioned Act limited for the Expiration thereof, unto the Twenty-fifth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

The A a of i»

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act of the Twenty-second’ Geo. II. which Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement and Enlargement ^subsc- y< the Whale Fishery, and for continuing such Laws as are therein mentioned relating thereto; and queac Altf. " for the Naturalization of such Foreign Protestants as shall serve, for the Time therein mentioned, on board such Ships as shall be fitted out for the said FKhery;’ which was to be in Force from the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, until the Twenty-fifth Day of December^ One thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which was, by the said Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, continued unto the Twenty-fifth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which Act was, by the said Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued unto the xwenty-fifth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, ajid the same is hereby, further continued from the Time

in

A.D. 1768. Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 27, 28, 29. 491

in the said last mentioned Act limited for the Expiration thereof, unto the Twenty-fifth Day of Dc-\t further conti* amber. One thousand seven hundred and seventy, and from thence to the End of the then next Session nued 25 DfC* of Parliament* ,77°*

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act of the Fourth Year of The Aftff-Gce# His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing several Acts of Parliament made fot them. c. 22.

Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on by His Majesty's Subjects;’ which was to be in Force

from th- 1 wenty-fifth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, until the Twenty- -

fifth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and from thence to the End of the '

then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby, further continued from the Timem further c©ot»-

in the said last mentioned Act limited for the Expiration thereof, unto the Twenty-fifth Day of Decern- nned ^25

ter. One thousand seven hundred and seventy, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of17704

Parliament.

Cap. xxviii.

s \

An act for licensing a Playhouse within the City of Norwich.

1 \T7 WHEREAS in and by an Act of Parliament made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His PfCaml)I

late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend so much of an Act of the Twelfth ingCbuieii

Year of the Reign of

Queen Anne, for punishing Rogues, Vagabonds, sturdy Players of Interludes, it is provided. That no Person o

recit-in Act

Beggars, and Vagrants, 10 Geo 11. c.aB*

rifed, by virtue of any Letters Patent from His Majesty, His Heirs, Successors, or Predecessors, or by the Licence of the Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty's Houshold for the Time being, to act, repre-

sent, or perform, fot Hire, Gain, or Reward, any Interlude, Tragedy, Comedy, Opera, Play, Farce, c or other Entertainment of the Stage, or any Part or Parts therein, in any Part of Great Britain4 4 except in the City of Westminster, and within the Liberties thereof, and in such Places where His Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors, shall in their Royal Persons reside, and during such Residence only:

4. And whereas it may be proper to impower the Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty's Houshold for the Time being, to grant his Licence to persons to represent and perform Plays and other Entertainments of the Stage within the City of Norwich: May it therefore please Your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be’enacted;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice mnd Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal; and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Chamberlain of His Lord Chamter- Majesty's Houshold for the Time being, and he is hereby authorised and impowered to grant his Licence lain impowered or Licences, from Time to Time, to any Person or Persons to represent or perform for Hire, Gain, or to *Tant Li~ Reward, within the said City of Norwich,* my such Tragedies, Plays, Operas, or other Performances for Sn^Ucafio^ of the Stage only, or any Part or Parts therein, as have already been or shall hereafter be licensed by the naiiy such pu>» Chamberlain of His Majesty's Houshold, at such Times and Seasons only as shall be expressed in such within the City Licence; the said recited Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, or any thing therein contained to the contrary, in any wise notwithstanding. bra^ifeenfed

by the Chatnbcc-

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for redeeming the Remainder of the Joint Stock of Annuities established by an Act made in the Third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An for Anting to His Majesty several additional Duties upofi Wines imported into this kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising the Sum of Three millions five hundred thousand Poundsj by way of Annuities and Lotteriesy to be charged on the said Duties.

Most Gracious Sovereign,.

WHEREAS in purftiance of an Act made in the Third Year of Your Majesty's Reign, inti-Preamble, rwit-tuled. An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this 'ne Act 3 Gw. Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising the Sum of Three millions five hun-c*l2# dred thousnd Pounds, by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties; the Sum of Three millions five hundred thousand Pounds was raised for the Publick Service; which Sum was to be deemed One Capital and Joint Stock, and to be attended with Annuities after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum redeemable by Parliament: And whereas One Fourth Part of the said Capital and Joint Stock was redeemed on the Fifth Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, in pursuance of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, whereby the said Stock was reduced to the Sum of Two millions fix'hundred and twenty-five thouinnd Pounds: And whereas Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, have rUolved,' that One Third Part of the said Capital Stock which should remain after the said Fifth Day of January,

R r r 2 4 One

492 C. 29.

Anno octavo Georgii III. A.D. 176?.

1763. 87^,0001,

by to 0i9.

875,000l.

c One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, be redeemed and paid offon the Fifth Day of July following;

and that such Part of the said Capital Stock as shall remain after the said Fifth Day of July, be re- deemed and paid off in Manner following; that is to say, One Half of such remaining Part of the said Capital Sock, on the Tenth Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight; and the other Half, being the Residue of such Capital Stock, on the Fifth Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine; and several Publick Notices have been given of the said Resolutions by the x Speaker of the ffoufe of Commons, pursuant to the Orders of that House: Therefore, Your faithful Commons, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty, that it may be enacted;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-Notices plven b> poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Syc-ker, lor such Notice as aforesaid shall be, and be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, good and sufficient Notice R«‘ma?n?iero?fheanc^ ^ot^ces» within the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, for the Redemptions, at the Times Joint Stock of aforesaid, of such Part of the said Capital and Joint Stock as remained unredeemed after the said Fifth annuiti.s, efta. Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, and of the Annuities attending thereon bhflied by there- and the lame shall be redeemable and redeemed accordingly.

c.ted Aclof5Gco, in as renamed nnredeemed on 5 Jav 1768, deemed good -,nd sufficient.

The foil wing

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup-so th^ihlnk^our£rantec* m l^'s Session of Parliament (except any particular Aid or Supply which hath been, or of the Supplies *n l^e fame Section specially and entirely appropriated to any One particular Use or PurposeJ

granted this Sef- there shall and may be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on or /Tonj vU. on or before the Times herein after limited, the following respective Sums of Money for the Purposes herein after 5 3ulf' (mentioned; that is to say. On or before the Fifth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, the Sum of Eight hundred and seventy-five thousand Pounds for redeeming on that Day One Thiid Part of the said Sum of Two millions six hundred and twenty-five thousand Pounds, being the Remainder, after the said Fifth Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, of the said Capital and Joint Stock; and on or before the Tenth Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, a like sum of Eight hundred and seventy five thousand Pounds, for redeeming on the said Tenth Day of October, One other Third Part of said Sum of Two millions six hundred and twenty-five thousand Pounds; and on or before the Fifth Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, a like Sum of Eight hundred and seventy-nve thousand Pounds, for redeeming on the said 17 9> Fifth Day of January, the remaining Part of the said Capital and Joint Stock: Which respective Sums The Money iffii shall be applied by the same Governor and Company in Payment of the said Three Sums of Eight hun-«d to be applied dred and seventy-five thousand Pounds each, for the' Redemption, and in full Satisfaction of the said \>y the Bank in respective Parts of the said Capital and Joint Stock, on or before the respective Days herein before \th.e mentioned for redeeming and paying off the same.

Money to i*?f-

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on or before the said Fifth Day of fnedattheExche- July, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, the said Tenth Day of October, One thousand seven v quer out of the hundred and sixty-eight, and the said Fifth Day of Jftnuary, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-n<Vf° respectively, there shall and may be issued and paid at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, to charging iheVn- Governor and Company of the Bank of England, out of the Surplusses, Excelies, or Overplus-Tiuicies attending monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund, such Sums of Money, as shall be necessary for the Discharge such Part of the of the Annuities attending such Part of the said Capital and Joint Stock, as shall be redeemed on each said Capital, arQf the said Days, to every such Day respectively inclusive; wtych Sums shall be applied by the said Go-rcdcem" vernor and Company in Payment of such Annuities stccoidingly* at the same Time that the respective And the said An- Parts of the said Capital and Joint Stock so to be redeemed, shall be discharged and satisfied; and that anities are to such Annuities, in respect of each Part of thfe said Capi&l and Joint Stock, shall cease, determine, and cease from the he extinguMhed. from the Time of the Redemption thereof respectively; and that th? Payment of all the T,m*s°rf^eem- Annuities which shall become due on the Tenth Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and sixtying t em. eight, upon Account of such Part of the said Capital and Joint Stock as shall remain, and shall not then Such as shall be- be redeemed and paid off, shall, together with the Charges of the Management of all the said Annuities, d"*on Rafter the Fifth Day of April, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, be, and the same are hereby The' charg«Wof barged upon, and shall be payable and paid out of, the said Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, to Management, are lhe said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, who shall apply the Monies so issued in Pay-to be |»id nut of ment of such Part of the said Annuities accordingly.

the Sinking Fund, to the Bank.

and the Monies

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies which are by this Act for these Purpo- authorised or appointed to be paid out of the said Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, shall and b5T1 o*d ffUCfma^5 ky Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treasury,f*Cnd° rea^urer for Time being, without any farther or other Warrant to be had in that Behalf, be issued paid over to the and paid at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, to the said Governor and Company, out of the Bank by Way of said Fund, by way of Imprest and upon Account, after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such Japrcft, Sums of Money as have been charged thereon by any Act or Acts mkde in any former Session of Parliament; but in Preference to any Sum or Sums directed to be paid thereout by any Act Of this Session of Parliament,

A. H. T768. Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 29, 30, 31, 32. 493

V. i,*eJ always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if all or any of the Annuities to b* Pd.i' :p.i! Monies com poling such respective Parts of the said Capital and Joint Stock, hereby intended P*,d to th* to be redeemed on the said Fifth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, the said foJtheV^kulas Tenth Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, and the said Fifth Day of January, Redemption One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, shall be paid and satisfied at the Bank of England, before thereof.

the respective Day appointed for any such Redemption; the said Governor and Company mall, in every such Case, pay, and they are hereby impowered to pay, in respect of the Principal Monies so discharged, the full Sum which the Annuities attending the same would have amounred unto, on the Day herein before mentioned for the Redemption of such Part respectively; any Thing herein, or in any other Act contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and No M«nnb«- 0#

Company, or any Member thereof, shall not incur any Disability for or by reason of his or their doing the &>m-any Matter or Thing in pursuance of this A6h eurany Dikbihry

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any1* ° Time or Time*, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing therein contained; such Person or Persons shall and

jnay plead the General HTue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his and their Defence; and if General Issue, a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their Action, or be Nonsuited, or Judgment shall be given against him or them upon Demurrer, or otherwise; then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him or them awarded against Treble CdU* such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Serviqe of the Year One thousand seven hundred and hxty-eight; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. £ X P.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by way of Annuities, and a Lottery attended with Annuities, to be charged on the Sinking Fund; and for carrying certain Duties on Wines, and on Cyder and Perry, granted by Two Acts of the Third and Sixth Years of His present Majesty, to the said Fund.

EXP.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement made between the Mayor and Commonalty See 10 c«o. 51 and Citizens of the City of London, and the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the said City, and Stamp Brooksbank Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, for the Purchase of Gresham College, and the Ground and Buildings thereunto belonging; and for veiling the same unalienably in the Crown for the Purpose of erecting and building an Excise-Office there, and for enabling the Lecturers of the said College to marry, notwithstanding any Restriction contained in the Will of Sir Thomas Gresham Knight, deceased.

9 "117 WHEREAS the House and Buildings now made use of for the managing and conducing the

[Preamble.]

9 W Business of His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, situated in the Old Jewry, London, and called or € known by the Name of The Excise Office, are, for want of necessary Room for the Officers and Clerks,

found very inconvenient and inefficient for the well ordering and conducing the Business of the said Office, which Business bath, of late Years, been considerably encreased: And whereas the said House and Buildings, as well from their Construction, as from the Number and Nearness of the ancient Houses which confine and surround the same, are greatly exposed to Fire; and no Place has been, nor caa be there found sufficient and proper to secure the Records and Papers of the said Office from such Accidents; and as the Lease of the said House and Buildings will expire on the Tenth Day of October,

One thousand seven hundred and seventy, it is necessary that some more (afe, fit, and commodious

Place be prepared, to which the said Office may be removed: And whereas the Messuage, Tenement,

9 Edifices, and Buildings, now called and known by the Name of Gresham College situate in the Parish of Saint Helens in Bishopsgate-Street, and in Saint Peters the Poor, in the City of London, have, upon € Enquiry, been deemed a proper and* convenient Place for the: erecting and building an Office for the f managing, conducing, and carrying on, the Business of His Majesty's Revenue of Excise: And whereas upon Confutation of the Premises, the Commissioners of His Majesty's Revenue of Ex-

cife did, by and with the Consent, Approbation, and Direction, of the Commissioners of His Ma-i'jest/s Treasury, treat with the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and the

A 4 Wardens

394

C.

A A

Anno octavo Georgii III.

A.D.

thereunto be-long:ng,

Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, who are seised of tha

said College called Gresham College \ and in pursuance of such Treaty, Articles of Agreement bearing Date the Tenth Day of December, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven*

have been mutually entered into by and between the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, of the

One Part, and Stamp Brooksbank Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, of the other Part, whereby the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of ;the City of Lon

don, and the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, for and in Consideration of One yearly Annuity of Five hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, free and clear of all Parliamentary and other Taxes, Payments, Charges, and Deductions whatsoever, to be settled on the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, for ever, to commence from the Feast Day of Saint Michael, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, and to be issuing and payable out of His Majesty's Revenue arising from the Duties of Excise, as in the said Agreement is mentioned, have consented and agreed to surrender, yield, and give up, the said Messuage or Tenement called Greffam Coh lege, herein after more particularly mentioned and described, with all its Rights, Members, and Appur- tenances, to be settled unalienably in the Crown, for the Purpose of making, erecting, and establishing the re, an Office for the conducing and carrying on the Business of His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, and to be called or known by the Name of The Excise OJpce: And whereas the said Agreement cannot be car- ried into full and compleat Execution without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may oc enabled; and’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

VTOr\llrcb i-68 assertlbled, an^ by the Authority of the same, That from and after th^ Twenty-fifth Day of March, One the Messuage thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, all that Messuage or Tenement called Gresham College, in the Pa-calied Gresham rish of Saint Helens, in Bishopsgate Street, and in Saint Peter's the Poof, in the City of London, and all the College, and the Ground thereunto belonging; containing on the Weft Front, next Old Broad Street, in Length, from, Ground, North to South, Two hundred and five Feet, little more or less; and from the South End of the said Front, pointing Eastward, extends Ninety Feet Six Inches; then turning to the North Fifty-five Feet Six Inches, then to the East Eighty-five Feet Three Inches, then to the South Five Feet Six Inches, then to the East Nine Feet, then to the South Twenty-one Feet Five Inches, then to the East Twenty-eight Feet Nine Inches, then to the South Twenty-six Feet Two Inches, then to the East Twenty-seven Feet, then to the North Twenty-seven Feet Two Inches; and from thence to Bishopsgate Street Eastward in an irregular Line Eighty-four Feet Nine Inches; from thence to the North on the East Side thereof next Btjhopf gate Street is a Gateway under One of the Houses there of about Ten Feet wide from North tb South, uled as a Coachway from Bishopsgate Street into the said College and Premises; then on the North Side of the said Gateway from Bishopsgate Street pointing towards the Weft is Thirty-four Feet Four Inches, then turning Northward Thirty Feet Eleven Inches, then to the Weft Forty-five Feet Ten Inches, then to the North Seventy-one Feet Six Inches, then tb the Weft Forty-nine Feet, then to the North Fifteen Feet Eight Inches, then to the Weft Twenty-one Feet Seven Inches, then to the North Thirty-six Feet, and from thence tb the Weft on, the North Side, which joins nearly at right Angles to the Weft Front in Old Broad Street^ One hundred and Eighty-six Feet Six Inches; and at the South End of the said Weft Front next Old Broad Street, over a Passage of Five Feet wide, or thereabouts, leading into Sun Yard, is a Building belonging to the said College, which extends from West to East Twenty-three Feet Eight Inches, together with all Ere£lions and Buildings now erc&ed and built upon the said Ground and Premises above described, or any Part thereof, or that shall or may, at any Time hereafter, be built and erected thereon, or on any Part thereof, with all the Rights, Members, Privileges, Immunities, Exemptions, Ways, Paths, Passages, Waters, Watercourses, Casements, Commodities, Emoluments, Advantages, and Appurtenances belonging to an4 whatsoever, to the said Messuage, Tenement, and College, or any Part thereof, belonging and usually enjoyed there- ancj enjoyed therewith, shall be, and be deemed to be, and are hereby declared to be, vetted in and an-

' nexed to the Imperial Crown of this Realm, and shall be and remain for ever urtalienable from the same;

are declared to and his Majesty, and his Successors in the Imperial Crown of this Realm, shall for ever have, hold, and be verted in, and enjoy, the lame, against the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and the Wardens abinctodthnahCn anc^ Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, and all and every Person and Persons Crown C claiming or to claim by, from, or under them, or any of them, freed and discharged ot and from all former ’ Estates, Leases, or other Incumbrances whatsoever* made or granted of the said Premises, or any Part thereof.

in full Satisfac-

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in full satisfaction for the said College, Ground* tion for which, and Premises, so veiled in and annexed to the Crown as aforesaid, there shall be paid to the Mayor'and out^Mhe^Kevc^ Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of micof the ExdfcMercets of the City of London, for ever, One Yearly Annuity of Five hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Office to the Ci- Great Britain, free and clear of all Parliamentary and other Taxes, Payments, Charges, and Deductions ty of L ^5/r, and whatsoever, payable Quarterly on the Four most usual Feast Days, or Days of Payment, in the Year, tq to the Mercen commence from the Feast Day of Saint Michael, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight; the First> Annu^t^oV^oo/. ^art6r^ PaXment to t>c made on the Feast Day of the Nativity of our blellfed Lord, in the said Year One per Annum; 'thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, and to be issuing and payable out- of the Revenue of Excise, and the same to be to be paid at the Excise Office in London, from Time to Time, paid Quarterly, and the sixth Payment to be made on 25 Dec, 1768 3

III*

with all Rights and Privileges

A.D. 1768. Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 32. 495

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on Payment of the said Yearly Annuity of Five1* Jec.ciPl of hundred Pounds, or any Part thereof, by the Receiver General of His Majesty's Duties of Excite for the"£ntccdr Time being, the Receipt of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and the War-city and ‘tytrcm deni and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, or of such Person as they shall Company, to t* appoint to receive the same, shall be a Discharge to such Receiver General for the Sum of Money expressed Dircharec 10 in such Receipt, and the same shall be allowed such Receiver General on passing his Accounts; and in case Generalot^the the said Annuity, or any Part thereof, shall be behind and unpaid by the Space of Twenty-one Days nextD^a0f Exc*ft over or after any of the said Feasts, or Days on which the same shall become due and payable, after having for such Pay-been lawfully demanded at the Office aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor and Com- merits, monalty and Citizens of the City of London, and the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mer-liiyx^xPayment!

1erf of the City of London, to bring an Action at Law, in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at fVejtmin- Act<m

y.Vr, against the Receiver-general of His Majesty's Duties of Excise for the Time being, to recover the may be brought Money due; in which Action no Essoign, Wager of Law, or Protection, shall be allowed; and in case against such Ke-the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in such Action, he or they shall be intitled to full Costs. ceiver-general;

IV. And whereas pursuant to the last Will and Testament of Sir Thomas Gresham of the City of Lon- re$.

dan Knight deceased, Four Persons have, from Time to Time, been chosen, nominated, and appointed, covcrja6.

‘ by the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, to read Lectures of Divinity,

Agronomy, Musick, and Geometry, within the said College; and also Eight Persons have been, from Time to Time, appointed by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of London, to inhabit Eight Almshouses (landing within, or adjoining to, and Part of, the said College; and also Three Persons have, from Time to Time, been chosen, nominated, and appointed, by the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London to read Lectures in Law, Physick, and Rhetorick,

within the said College; and such Seven Persons so chosen, nominated, and appointed, to read such Lectures have, by the Directions of the said Will, had Apartments within the said College for the Purpose of rcliding the re and reading such Lectures: And whereas the said several Seven persons so ‘chosen, nominated, and apAimed, to read the said Lectures, and the said Eight Alms-folks, the better to enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of ^Alercers of the City of London, to perform their Part of the Agreement 50l. per Annum ‘entered into as aforesaid, have respectively agreed and consented to relinquish and quit their Apartments clear of all Taxes 4 2nd Almshouses be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor and Commonalty and to.bc Pa,d by the Citizens of the City of London do and shall pay, or cause to be paid, unto the P'our Persons who now^1^t|^‘cr, rc" read the said Lectures in Divinity, Astronomy, Musick, and Geometry, and to their Successors who shall, ^Consider^ion from Time to Time, be chosen, nominated, and appointed, to read the said Lectures, and to each and of the Apart-every of them, the yearly Sum of Fifty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, free and clear of all ®ent* rciin-Parliamentary and other Taxes, Payments, Charges, and Deduct ions whatsoever, by even and equal Quar- £cm

t.rly Payments, in lieu and instead of their respective Apartments so by them agreed to be relinqunhed lEe and given up, and over and above the Salaries and Stipends found, provided and allowed, to them for to%e paid Quar-reading the same Lc&ures; and in like Manner that the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery ofteriy and 50l. Miners of the City of London do and shall pay, or cause to be paid, unto the Three Persons who now read P*1* Annum by the said Lectures in Law, Physick, and Rhetorick, and to their Successors who shall, from Time to Time, be chosen, nominated, and appointed, to read the said Lectures, and to each and every ‘of them, the yearly th°eir Leilurer*, Sum of f ifty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain^ free and clear of all Parliamentary and other in lieu of their* Taxes, Payments, Charges, and Deductions whatsoever, by even and equal Quarterly Payments, in lieu Apartments, and instead of their respective Apartments so by them agreed to be relinquished and given up, and over the first Quar-and above the Salaries and Stipends found, provided, and allowed, to them for reading the same Lectures; tcr,y Payments the hrft Quarterly Payments of the said yearly Sums respectively to be made on the Fcaft Day of the f Nativity of our Blessed Lord, in the said Year One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight. 25 17

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Consideration of the great Age and An additional

t Infirmities of Henry PembertonDo&orof Physick, the present Reader of Physick in the said College, and uI^u°r^5l°,‘b^cr

of his long Residence therein, the said Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City p3^th°e

f of Lon ion shall, over and above the said yearly Sum of Fifty Pounds by this Act provided for the Reader con Company to

, in Physick for the Time being, by like Quarterly Payments, pay, or cause to be paid, unto the said Henry Dottori\mber-

; Pemberton, the further additional yearly Sum of Fifty Pounds for and during the Term of his natural Life,' durin8 hl5f

? ha and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever. 1 e*

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor and Commonalty and Citi-The City and I zrns of the City of London, and the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City Meron Compa-1 «of London) do and shall, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, find and provide sufficient and n>*to provide

proper Place or Places for the present Seven Professors, and all succeeding Persons to be chosen, nominat-j cd, and appointed, for the reading the Lectures in Divinity, Astronomy, Musick, Geometry, Law, Phy- Leauresj8 ° j fck, and Rhetorick, to read the lame in accordingly; and also like sufficient and proper Place and Places ?nd for for the Habitation of the Eight Alms-folks now or hereafter for the Time being. b.ration or the

- Alms-folks of the College.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor and Commonalty and Citi- The c,ty zens of the City of London, and the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City Linden, do and shall, -within the Space of One Month from the passing of this Act, pay, or cause to

to the Receiver* be general of tfre

496 C. 32.

Anno octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1?68.

Etcififi within 1 be paid, unto the Receiver-general of his Majesty's Duties of Excise, the Sum of One thousand eight towards the* ^un^re" Pounds, for and towards the Expence of pulling down the said College and the building an Excise Charge of pul- Office there; and the Receipt of such Receiver-general shall be a sufficient Discharge for the same.

ling down the College, and building aa Excise Office.

VIII. And whereas it may be found necessary for the more commodious building the said Office, or for rendering the same more convenient and proper by any future Buildings to be added thereto, that a Power be vested in the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the purchasing Linds or Tenements for r«ifons poflfcfTid, those Purposes be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to &Y. 01 such and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all Trustees, Mortgagees, and Feoitees in Trust,

Lands or Guardians of Infants, and Committees of Lunaticks, and Ideots, Executors, and Administrators what-

bargain and sell the same to such Person or Persons as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury more commodi- now being, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's r'ed iTiell amd^" Treasury for the Time bein£, or any Three or more of them, shall, by Writing under his or their Hands, convey the sameaPPoint to contract for the Purchase thereof, for the Purpose aforesaid; and such Lands or Tenements so for that Purposl’j to be purchased, shall be conveyed to His Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors, by Deed or Deeds to be in-and after Con- rolled in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench; and when so purchased, shall be, and be deemed to be,

veuncc a

ro.lment t)c«;d of 5

idt^a the" w legiate, or other Persons aforesaid, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes; any Law, Sta-Crownunaliena. tute, or Usage or any other Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding: And all and every Sum kIe* and Sums of Money which shall be paid to or for the Use of such Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate,

Money paid for or other Person or Persons aforesaid, for the Purchase of any Lands or Tenements for the Purposes of this l^d out Cin°other Act, shall be rcfoeftively laid out, and inverted in, the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Heredi-Porchaf and caments, which shall be conveyed and settled to and upon, and subject to, such Titles, Uses, Trusts, Limi-to be fetilea to tations. Remainders, and Contingencies, as the Lands *nd Tenements fold for the Purpose of this Act the same Ufa 5 were settled, limited, and allured, at the Time of such Sale, and shall be held and enjoyed accordingly; and till that can a^d until such Purchase-money shall be re-invcfled in Lands as aforesaid, the same shall be laid out in the be done, to be Purchase of Stocks in some of the Publick Funds, or placed out on Government or Real Securities, at ]<«id out in feme Interest; and such Interest shall be paid to and for the Use of such Person or Persons as would have been Funde^Ubl C, C *ntlt^ to t^ie Rents and Profits of the Lands and Tenements so fold for the Purposes of this Act, as uc aforesaid.

All Acts, &c. JX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,* That when the Excise Office shall be built drroffice when at Gresham College aforesaid, and the said Office shall be kept and held there, the same shall be called The buLt Excise Office \ and that all and every Act and Acts, Thing and Things, Matters and Concerns, made,

College deemed done, and executed there, for the Receipt and Management of His Majesty's Duties of Excise, shall be and »* valid as if done are hereby declared to be as good and valid in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as such Act or Acts, m Matters, Things, or Concerns, would have been, had the same been made, done, and executed, at the said Office of Excile in the Oldjetvry, had this Act never been made.

X. Saving always, to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate (other than and except the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and the Wardens and Commonalty of the Myllcrv of Mercers of the City of London, and all Persons claiming by, from and under them) all such Estate, Title, and Interest, in, to, and out of, the said College, Ground, and Tremifes herein before mentioned, or any Part

the Old JiXOry.

Jlcfervation of

Rights.

thereof, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made.

XI. And whereas in and by the said last Will and Testamcm of the said Sir nomas

Grejhi

am.

, the

Mayer Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Miners of the City of London, were directed to permit and suffer the Seven Persons elected and appointed to read the Seven Lectures in the said Will mentioned, to have the Occupation of all the Manhon-house, Gardens, and other Appurtenances (now called Grefnam College) for them, and every of them, there to inhabit, study, and daily to read the several Lectures: And whereas in and by the said Will it is directed, that no Person chosen to read any of the said Lectures should be fuffored to read any of the said Lectures after that he should be married, nor should receive any Pec or Stipend appointed for the reading of the said Lectures: And whereas in pursuance of this Act the said College will be pulled down and taken away, and the Collegiate Life of the said Lecturers, intended by the said Sir Thomas Gresham, will, by the pulling down of the said College, be put an end to ;’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said L-^ures Seven Lecturers, or their Successors, or any of them, to marry, notwithstanding any Rcstriction contained ward*, uotwi.h-in the said Will; and each and every of th: laid Lecturers, and their Surceilors, fhilJ, not.vi: istanding iUndin* any their being married, be suffered to read their said several Lectures after they shall be married, and shall be Rest rid Ion or intitled to receive the Fee or Stipend appointed for the reading of their said several Lectures; and the Mayor Commonalty and Ckizens, of the said City of London, and the Wardens and Commonalty of the

The Lf&urer*

urhonied to

Limitvion in Sir Tly.mot Grtjbami Will.

Paid

497

A. 1>. 1768. Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 32, 6

said Mystery of Merterky and their Successors, shall not be or be deemed guilty of any Misapplication of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be paid in Fees or Stipends to the said Lecturers, though married any Rcstriction or Limitation in the said Will contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for opening certain Passages, and for paving the Streets and other Places, in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, rin the County of Middlesex, artd for preventing Annoyances therein.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the High Streets called tJolywell Street, Church findy and Part of Kingsland Road,

leading from Norton Fahate, to the Cherry Tree in Kingsland Road, and a Larie called Hog Lane,

and also another Lane called Holywell Larie, in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County or

Middlesex, are extremely ill paved, and the Passage through the same greatly obstructed by Ports and c Projections, and annoyed by Spouts, Signs, and Gutters; and the present Methods prescribed by Law are ineffectual for removing such Annoyances and Obstructions, and for the proper paving of such Streets and Lanes, and keeping such Pavements in sufficient Repair: May it therefore please Your Majesty, x that it may beetiafted^ and* be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That Sir William Beauchamp Proctor Baronet, George CW* Esquire, Sir 01015^l0I'CI1 James Eafdailey the Reverend John Hotham M. A. Archdeacon, Jdhn Pater [on, William Tyfery John Cal-gmt9\ verty Benjamin Clempfony Thomas Scotty Samuel Scotty Benjamin Cowley, Dirk TVitternoon, Andrews Panke -many Nahum Crofley, Esquires; Captain John Baker, Captain Joseph Hindman, James Woody John Ham* mon, Robert Plimptony Simon Forjler, John Afpinal, Edward Lamberty Richard Rutfcn, William King George\

Joseph xNewJom, James Stewart, William Wilson, John Caplin, Robert Parker, William Green, Joseph Po-cache, John Norris, William Goodman, John Morty Sampson Jejfop, Thomas Chancellor, Arthur Deane, Mat» thew Ebborne, George Farmer, John Pippin, John Batiks, Samuel Dunnage, Peter Arnaud, John Alarshall,

Benjamin Mills, Samuel Ament, Edward Hutcfinfon, James Clarke9, Joseph Titterton, William Collier, Trill: ark Manfcl, William Pigge, Samuel ScWell, James Laird, John Simmonas, John Hcrflty, John Marno, Joseph Page,

Edward Broun, John Oldham, Thomas Cooper, Charles Morton, William Clarke, Peter Whit Lock, William Pricker, Gentl men; John Withers, Richard Nicholas, Benjamin Rofewell, Henry Newccm, James Calvert, .

?arnes Calvert junior, Cadwallader Coker, Esquires; William Feast, Benjamin Barnsley, Robert Rem ley, ojhua TVilkinson, Andrew Pritchard, John Maxey, Michael Forjler, William Carpenter, John Arthur, Gentlemen; John Spiller, Thonias Boddingtcn, George Adey, John Barclay, Richard Wainwright, Esquires )

Louis Ogten, William Jour (lain, Joseph Piclles, Tefdale Webb, and William Majkall, Gentlemen j shall be, and they and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein after-mentioned, are hereby appointed Commissioners foi* putting this Act in Execution: And in case of the Death of any of the said Commissioners, On Death, or Refusal to Act, it shall be lawful for the survivirtg or remaining Commissioners, or any Nine or of Commission* more of them, from Time to Time, determined by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to elect Oneotner Person CT*> otheri 10 to be a Commissioner in the Room and stead of the Commissioner so dying, or refusing to Act; Tcn Daysch > cn‘ Publick Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Election being given, by affixing the Tame in Writing upon the Principal Door of the Parish Church of Saint Leonard Shoreditch; and e ery ’Person so elected, shall be, and he is hereby verted with the farhe Powers for putting this Act in Execution, as the Person in whose Place he shall be elected, was verted with.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting asQualfltatton "a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall in his own Right, or in the Right of his Commissionm* Wife, be in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the ‘clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds; or p >fi‘effed of or in itled to, a Personal Estate of the Value of One ’thousand Pounds: And it any P. rfon, not being so qualified, shall presume to act as a Commissioner in peha! n the Execution of this Act; every such Person mall, t,r every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum ofing u rfotq.uii-Fifty Pounds, together with Cods of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same; to be re- fitd. covered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information', wherein no Ert’oin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall Te allowed, and wher in the Proof of Qualification shaft lie on the Perffin prosecuted; and i: shall be fuf* ficient tbr ch< Prosecutor to prove that tTuJ Person so prosecuted had acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Art.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by‘he Authority afurefaiu, That no Person who shall fell Nj Victualler to Ale, Wine, or any spirituous or fermented Liquors, by Retail, shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner l,lder lbl* under tiris Aft. A

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority dforef.id. That the said Commissioners, or any Five or T'e *nd Pl*t* more of them, shall meet together at the Vertry Room of the said Parish Vhiirch of Saint Leonard Shore-ditch, on t e Second Monday after the parting of this (\t\, ami shall then and there proceed tothcExecu- 1 tion of this Act; and they are hereby impowered to adjourn themf Ives, from Time to Time, to meet at VcL. X. Sff the

498 c. 33.

Anno o&aVd Georgii III.

A. E>. 176$.

Clerk to give Notice of another Meeting.

No Alt valid

may appoint Officers, and remove them, and appoint others*

In«^fio1t of ^tmc And if at any jMwtinjHo appointed, tWre (half not appear a diffident Number of Com* feertoaft Num'^nj ner9 to act or adjourn to another Day; or in Case the said Commissioners so assembled, shall omit, cr neglect, or refuse to adjourn themselves, then, and m every such Case, any Two of the said Commissioners, or the Clerk of the said Commissioners, shall appoint a Meeting of the said Commissioners to be held within Ten Days after at the same Place; and publick Notice whereof shall be given by affixing the same in Wriling upon the principal Door of the aforesaid Piarish Church, at least Six Days before such adjourned Meeting.

V. Provided always, That no Order or Determination of the said Commissioners shall be valid, unle'fe xcept at a pub-the lame shall be made at, a Meeting held in pursuance of this Act; nor shall any Commissioner hereby lick Meeting, appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, as aforesaid, be capable of acting as such, during the Time he foall C°r.mi A°n<Z* enjoy any Office of Profit by virtue of the Powers given by this Act, or have any Share or Interest in any Ccr^f Cont^a relating to the Execution thereof.

Coamissionen

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, by any Writing under their Hands and Seals, appoint one or more Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, and fufti other Officers, for the Execution of this Act, as they shall think proper; and, from Time to Time, remove him or them, and appoint others, as they shall find necessary: or convenient j and by and ouf of the Money to be raised by virtue of tills Act fnay, and are hereby im-point other*. powered to pay such Salaries and Allowances to such Officers, and to all other Persons by them the said to allow offic* ^ornmissioners employed in the Execution of this Act, as they mail think reasonable: And the said Com-SaianeiL cer* missioners, or any Five ot more of them, shall artd rfiay take such Security for the Execution of the respective Offices, by such Person and Persons as aforesaid, as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more OHicm to gi*e0f them, shall think proper: And such Person or Persons as is Or are hereby made liable to pay the fevfcr^L caimy. Tolls, Rates, or Sums of Money, hereby, granted j shall pay the same to such Person or Persons *s shall, from Time to Time, be appointed to collect or receive the same as herein after mentioned: And all fuclv Officers and Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid shall, under their Hands, at such Time and Times, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall direct, deliver to such Com-riiiffioness true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act; and also of all Monies which shall have been by them respectively received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof has been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments; and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands to the Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they mall appoint; and a)l the said Officers and persons Co accounting as aforesaick shall, upon. Mcerstoac- Oath, if thereunto required (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, are hereby ouat upon Oath ifn powered to administer) verify their said Accounts: And if any Officer or Person shall not make and ren-Officer* refuiing der, or shall refuse to verify upon oath, any such Recount, or to produce or deliver up the Vouchers re-to account, lotting to the same, or to make Payment as aforesaid; or shall not deliver to the said Commissioners, or any

Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Ten Days after being

thereunto required by any Five or more of such Commissioners, all Books, Papers* and Writings, in his Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act; or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies as, upon the Balance cf any Account or Accounts, shall appear to be in their respective Hands, to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or as they shall direct or appoint; then* and in any of the Cases aforesaid, such Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, may, and are hereby authorised and befuedj, impowered to, bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, in the Names of such Commissioners, or in the Names of any Three or more of diem, against the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons^ so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, in order for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of or if Conn plaint such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively 5 6r it Complaint shall be made by the said Com^ be made to mHlioners, or any Five or more of them, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Pur—

>ft ces, pose, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any Justice of the reace for the County or Place

wherein such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neelefting or refusing shall be and reside; such. Justice may, and is hereby authorised and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause thie Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so refusing or neglecting, to be brought before him and upon his or their appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way 1 And if, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Wit— nefe or witnesses upon Oath, it shall appear to such Justice, that any of the Monies that shall have been, collected or raised by virtue of this Act, shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorised and required, upon the Nonpayment thereof, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons offending in the Premises respectively fvrviiK or And if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, can be found sufficient to ^cntoanswerand satisfy such Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling the same; or in case it shall ap-fbbe committed, pear to such Justice, by the Confession of the Party so offending, or by the Testimony of any credible witness upon Oath, that any Books, Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be in the Custody or Power of any such Officer or Person. and he shall refuse to deliver the same as aforesaid; then, and in either of the said cases, such Justice shall commit every such Offender to the common. Gaol of the County or Place where such Offender shall be and relide; there to remain without Bail or X Mainprixer

ices t»en-

Juire into the default,

tod levy the Balance by Di-ftitte and Sale.

Ter want of

A.D. 176S. Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33. 499

Mainprize until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and shall have paid such Competition, in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, are hereby impowered to make) and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them*

VII. Provided always, That no Person who shall be committed on account of his having no Goods or Pn>viso# Chattels, shall be detained in Prison for any Term longer than Six Months.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That upon the Death of any such Officer, or other Person to be On Death of appointed as aforesaid,*h is Executors or Administrators shall, within Twenty-one Days next after such offic"5» Elcc* Decease, deliver to the said Commissioners under this Act, or any Five or more of them, an Account of the *°7o«ntt w Monies collected or received by the Person so deceased for the Purposes of this Act; and shall also deliver

all Books, Papers, and Things, concerning his Office to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same; which Money, if any due, shall be paid by the Executors or Administrators of the Person so deceased in preference to, and before any of, his or their other Debts are paid or satisfied.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, who shall be employed by the said Commissioners as a Clerk, Surveyor, or any other Officer or Servant, in the putting this Act, di^iifi-d* or any of the Powers thereof, in Execution, shall exact, take, or accept any Fee or Reward whatsoever, toot, other than such Salaries, Allowances, and Rewards, as shall be appointed, allowed, and approved of by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, for or on Account of any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Act, or on any Account whatsoever relative to the putting this Act in Execution; or shall be any Ways concerned in interest in any Bargain or Contraft made or to be made by the said Commissioners, dr any of them, for the Purposes of putting this Act in Execution; every such Person, so offending, shall be incapable of ever serving or being employed under this Act, and shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons wno shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, within Six Calendar Months after the Offence committed, in which no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance,

shall be allowed.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Five or Street* to be' more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, from Time to Time, tov cause, order, and direct, thepma.

said Streets and Lancs to be paved, repaired, raised, fynk, or altered, when and in such Manner as they shall think (it.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Five or Material* miy be mere of them, shall have full Power and Authority to cause to be dug, carted, and carried out of or intodus of the said Streets and Lanes, such Gravel, Stones, or other Materials, and to employ such Artificers,^cts 'nt0 1 e Workmen, and other Persons, and to issue such Money on those Accounts, and to do all and every such other Acts and Things as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall judge necessary for accomplishing the Purposes of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Five Commissionm or more of them, may* and they are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, to contract with any Person m*y ro#ke Co* or Persons for paving and keeping in Repair the said Streets and Lanes above described, or any of them ;lraa*i which Contraft and Contrafts shall specify the several Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the

lame, and the Time or Times when the said Works shall be completed, and the Penalties to be suffered in case of Non-performance thereof; and shall be signed by the faja Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and by the Person or Persons contrafting to perform such Works; but previous to the making of any such Contraft, Fourteen Days Notice shall be given in some publick News Paper, expressing the intention of such Contraft, in order that any Person or Persons, willing to undertake the same, may make Proposals for that Purpose to the said Commissioners, at a certain Time and Place in such Notice to be mentioned.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Property of the Pavements, and P*?* of M14 ail Materials and Things which shall be provided and made use of for the Purposes of this Act, shall be,

and the same are hereby, vested in the said Commissioners; and they, or any Five or more of them, area0inm‘ 0 hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions in the Name or Names of any One or more of them, or to prefer, or order and direct the preferring of, Indictments agasnft any Person or Persons who shall (leal, take, or carry away, any Part of such Materials or Things, ordiffurb them in the Possession thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Polity on Thnc or Times, obstruct, binder, or moled, any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers, t*rru^nng Workmen, Person or Persons whatsoever, who is, are, or shall be, employed by virtue of this Act, in the W0‘ mcm-Performaoce or Execution of their Duty 5 every such Person so offending shall, for the First Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings, for the Second Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings, and for the Thud and every other Offence the Sum of Three Pounds.

S f f 2 XV.

500

Commissioners

Corr mlflioners may contiaft

>ing

pavements.

On refufj of Payment, an Action

C. 33. Anno octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1768.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Hiuhs 1M* *ve or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, from Time to Time, to sell and dispose of all u 9 *' or any Part of the old Pavement, or other Materials, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to purchase the same, and to apply the Purchase-money to the Purposes of this Act.

Notice to be

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Part of the given ot taking Pavement of the said Streets or Lancs shall be taken up for the Purpose of making, repairing, altering,

rp Pavements, elcanfing, or emptying, any Sewer, Vault, or Drain, or of laying, altering, or amending, any Water

fr any £TPiPe or P u£’ or *or any other Purpose whatsoever, the Person or Persons so taking up such Pavement shall ing any *u!tj immediately give Notice thereof to the Surveyor or Clerk to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, in order that the same may, with all convenient Speed, be laid down and repaired, under the In-spedtion of the said Surveyor; and the Charges and Expences thereof shall be paid by the said Commissioners, and they shall be reimbui fed the same by the Person or Persons, Companies of Water-works, or Commissioners of Sewers, who shall take up, or cause or procure to be taken up, the said Pavement, or any Part or Parts thereof.

1 XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or any Five pr more of them, from Time to Time, such to C0R\Pound an^ agree with the said Companies, or Commissioners of Sewers, or other Person or Persons or re aung uchfv iveJy5 for a certain Sum of Money, by the Foot or other Measure, as the said Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or any Five or more of them, shall think reasonable, in lieu and in (lead ot laying down or repairing such Pavement as shall be necessarily taken up for any the Purposes aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case such Person or Persons, Companies of Waterworks, or Commissioners of Sewers respectively, shall neglect or refuse to pay what the krvu hr bclaid Commissioners shall have so paid and disbursed, or what shall be due upon such Contract or Compofi-

tion as aforesaid, within Ten Days next after Notice thereof to be left by the Surveyor or Clerk appointed,

or to be appointed, by the said Commissioners, at the Dwelling-house or la(t Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Secretary or Secretaries, Clerk or Clerks, of such Companies of Water-works, or Commissioners of Sewers respectively (which Notice shall be in writing, and signed by the Clerk to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, by Order of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and annexed to the Bill containing an Account of the Expence of such Repair, or Money due upon such Composition) it shall and may be lawful to and for the said last mentioned Commissioners or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to briqg, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, in the Name of their Clerk for the Time being, for the Recovery of such Sum or Sums of Money respectively: And in case such Person or Persons, hereby directed to give such Notice ta the Surveyor or Clerk to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, as is before directed, shall neglect so to do for the Space of Twenty-four hours after such Pavement shall be so taken up, such Person orrersons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Surti of Twenty Shillings.

Commissionen

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, for the Purposes of this Act, it

*> for alter* shall at any Time be found necessary to raise, fink, or otherwise alter, the Postion of any of the Pipes or

Plugs laid down or placed by the said Companies, or of any of the leaden or other Pipes which shall be laid into or from any of the said Companies Pipes, which the said Commissioners, or any r ive or more of them* are hereby impowered to cause to be done as often, and in such Places, as they shall think proper, the same shall be paid for out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, and shall be done with as little Detriment

or Inconvenience to the said Companies, and other Persons, as the Circumstances of the Case will admit

of.

Wb«re any ef

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as it shall happen the Water Com- that any pipe or Pines belonging to any Water Companies shall break or burst in the said Streets or Lanes* break NoUce or any anc* may he lawful to and for the Surveyor to the said Commissioners for the Time

tThe fiver/to being, or such other Person as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint for that &tb Companies. Purpose, to give immediate Notice thereof to the Pavior of the Water Company to whom he apprehends such Pipe or Pipes does or do, or may, belong, and require him to take up the Pavement, and open the Grbund ator near the Place where the Water lnall or may issue by reason of such Pipe or Pipes breaking or bursting, within Two Days next after such Notice given to such Pavior, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode and if, upon taking up of the Pavement, and opening the Ground, it shall appear that the Pipe or Pipes so broke or burst do not or doth not belong to the Water Company whose Pavior shall have taken up such Pavement and opened such Ground that then, and in such Case, the Surveyor or other Person as aforesaid shall give immediate Notice to the Pavior of that Company to whom it shall appear that the said Pipa or Pipes do or doth belongs such Notice to be given or left with inch Pavior, or at his last or usual Place of Abode; and the Pavior of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes shall belong is hereby required to repair the same, and fill in the Ground, within Two Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid; and also within Twenty-four Hours after such Pipe shall be repaired, and the Ground filled in, to give Notice to the Pavior or Paviors contracting with the said Commissioners, or to the Surveyor or other Person aforesaid, of such Pipe or Pipes being repaired, and such Ground being filled in, such Notice to be given to such Conr If it proves that tradtor, Surveyor, or other Person, or left at his or their last or usual Place of Abode: And in case it shall the Pipe decs happen that the Pavior who first receives Notice to take up the Pavement and open the Ground for the

A.D. 1768. Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33; 501

Purposes aforesaid, shall take up such Pavement and open such Ground, and it shall then be discovered thatfirftcPens the the Pipe or Pipes which is, are, or shall be burst or broke do or doth not belong to the Company to whom ^out"d* ajd he is ravior; that then, and in such Case, the Pavior of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes donj*-ir charges* or doth belong shall make Stisfablion to the Pavior whoso took up such Pavement, and opened such Ground, the Company for such Work: And in case the Pavior to whom such Notice shall be so given to take up such Pavement, whom it doe* and open such Ground, shall neglect or refuse to do the same within the said Two Days after Notice given, belon* he shall for the First Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings, for the Second Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings, and for the Third and every other Offence the Sum of Three Pounds: And in case the Pavior of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes so broke or burst shall belong shall neglect or refuse to repair and amend the same, and fill in the Ground lo taken up, for the Space of Two Days next after such Notice given, or shall neglect to give Notice to the Pavior or Paviors contrabting with the said Commissioners, or to the Surveyor to the said Commissioners, or to such other Persons as aforesaid; such Pavior shall, for the First Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings, for the Second Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings, and for the Third and every other Offence the Sum of Three Pounds: And if the Person or Persons contracting with the said Commissioners to relay such Pavements, so broken or taken up for the Reasons aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to relay such Pavement, in a good, sufficient, and effectual Manner, within Two Days after such Notice given to him as aforesaid, or if the Surveyor or other Person to whom such Notice shall be given shall neglect to acquaint the Contractor of such Notice; then, and in every such Case, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for the First Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings, for the Second Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings, and for the Third and every other Offence the Sum of Three Pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Pavior now appoin'ed, or here- pa.ior to Water after to be appointed, by the said several Water Companies who shall have any Pi( e or Pipes laid in, through, Complies to or under any of the Streets or Lanes within the Diflribt comprised in this Act, shall, and he is hereby re-£‘ve Notice to quired, within the Space of Eight Days next after the passing this Act, or within the Space of Three Days cjf^o^their next after he shall be appointed Pavior to such Company or Companies, and within the Space of Three Njmcs and1 Days next after every Removal of his Abode, to give Notice, in Writing, to the Surveyor or Clerk for the Abode.

Time being to the said Commissioners of his the said Pavior’s Name and Place of Abode, and to what Company he is Pavior: And in case any such Pavior shall neglect or refuse to give such Notice within the respective Times aforesaid; every such Pavior, so offending in either of the said cases, shall, for the First Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings, for the Second Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings, and for the Third and every other Offence the Sum of Three Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall make, or Alter.afi7*

caufj to be made, any Alteration in the Form of any of the Pavements of the said Streets or Lanes, or of pormof the any Part thereof, without the Consent and Direction of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of Pavements, them, under their Hands and Seals, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, the Suni'of Five without Consent Pounds over and above all Expences incurred, or to be incurred, in reinstating the lame. of the Commit-

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for f,or Krs*

the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to direct and cause the Course ^slobe^ned of any Gutter or Channel running in or through the said Streets or Lanes, or any of them, to be turned if necessary!'nC J or altered in such Manner as they shall think proper; and to direct the Grates already placed, or hereafter to be placed, over any Sewers, to be removed and replaced in such Manner, and at such Place and Places* as they shall think most proper; all which shall, from Time to Time, be done at the Expence of the said Commissioners, and paid for out of the Money aiifing by virtue of this Act; any Law, ULgc, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as there shall be Where it shall Occasion to make new or additional Grates over, any Sewer or Sewers within the said Streets or Lanes, or bc ne«^ary to any of them, or to repair or alter any of the old Grates belonging to the Commissioners of Sewers in the^11^ rem laid Streets or Lancs, or any of them, the same shall be made new, repaired, or altered, by and at the Ex- p "oM onc7," pence of the said Commissioners of Sewers; and the same, when so made new, repaired* or altered, shall Commissioners fce laid down in such Places, and at such Dillance from each other, and in such Manner and form, as shall of Scwers to pay be directed by the Surveyor to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, at the Expence of the tiiC Expence* said Commissioners of Sewers: And in case the said Commissioners of Sewers shall neglect or refuse so to

do for the space oLSix Days next after Notice given or left with their Clerk or Clerks for the Time being; it shall and maybe lav.ful to and for the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor, to cause such Grate or Grates as shall be necessary to be made new, repaired, altered, and laid duwn, to be so made new, repaired, altered, and laid down; the Expence whereof shall be reimbursed and paid by the said Commissioners of Sewers, or recovered of them, in like Manner as the Charges and Expences of relaying Pavements is herein before authorised to be recovered.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Sewer Sewen, &c. to or Drain, which is or shall be under the Direction of the Commissioners of Sewers, and which shall be ii- b* repaired by tuatein, or communicating with the said Streets or Lanes, or any of them, shall require to be made.new, foLritfScwer® repaired, altered, cleansed, or emptied; then, and in every such Case, the said Commissioners of Sewers

shall, within Six Days after Notice given to, or left for, their Surveyor or Clerk for the Time being, at JfcU3 last ox usual Place of Abode, by the said Commissioners appointed to put this Act in Execution, or any

Five

A.D. 176?#

5®2 C. 33. Anno octavo Georgii III.

Five or more of them, or by the Surveyor or other Person authorised by them, to make new, effectually repair, clean, or empty, such Sewer or Drain, as the Case may require; and in Default thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor for the Time being, to cause such Sewer or Drain to be made new, repaired or altered, cleansed, or emptiei, as the Case may require, or so much thereof as shall remain'un-finifoed; the Charges and Expences whereof shall be paid by the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, who shall be reimbursed the same by the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being to the said Commissioners of Sewers: And in case the said Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners of Sewers shall neglect or refuse to pay what shall have been so paid and disbursed, within Ten Days next after Notice thereof shall be left at the Dwellin2;-house, or last Place of Abode of such Clerk or Treasurer; which Notice shall be in Writing, and signed by the Clerk to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, and annexed to the Bill containing an Account of such Charges and Expences; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said last-memioned Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions in the Name of their Clerk for the Time being, against such Clerk or Treasurer of the said Commissioners of Sewers for the Time being, for the Recovery of such Sum or Sums of Moneyas they shall have so expended for the Purposes aforesaid; in which Action or Actions no Elioin, Protection, or Wnger of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever Streets? throw, cad, or lay, or cause, or permit, or suffer, to be thrown, cast, or laid, any Ashes, Dust, Dirt, Soil, or other Filin whatsoever, before any Dwelling-house, Shop, Stable, Building, or Wall, in any of the Streets or Lanes within the District comprised in this Act; but shall keep, or cause the same to be Icept, in their respective House6 or Yards, until such Time as the Person or Persons contrafted with or employed to carry away such Ashes, Dust, Dirt, Filth, or Soil do come by or near their Houses, Doors, or Places where they dwell, with a Cart or Carts, or other Conveniencies, for carrying away the same; upon Pain of forfeiting, for the First Offence, the Sum of Five Shillings, for the Second Offence the Sum of Ten shillings, and for the Third and every other Offence the Sum of Twenty Shillings.

Penalty onob-

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, from Articling the and after the (aid-Second Monday next after the <passing of this Act, set out, leave, or lay, any Cart, Dray, clZ\fCi by Waggon, or other Carriage, Wheels, Timber, Stones, or other Materials, Matters, or Things, which bal&cl* imTnay occasion any Annoyance, Nutfenoe, or Obstruction whatsoever, in the said Streets or Lancs, or any

9 of them, so as to obstruct, incommode, or endanger, any Person or Persons, Carriage, or Carriages whatsoever, passing thereon; or if any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, shall be suffered to (land in any of the said Streets or Lanes aforesaid longer than is needful and proper for the necessary loading or unloading thereof respectively; or if any such Cart, Dray,'or other Carriage, shall be placed or set across any Part of the said Streets or Places within the said District, or airy 6f them, for the Purposts of loadi ng or unloading the same; it shall and may be lawful in any Of such Cases for the said Cmrrmi(Tinners, or any Five or more of them, either at any Meeting in pursuance of this Act, or without any such Meeting, to cause the said Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages, together with the Horse or Horses, and Loading and Loadings, belonging thereto, and such other Matters and Things respectively making or occasioning such Annoyance, Nuisance, or Obstruction, to be removed, taken, carried away, and deposited, in such Place or Places as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall direct or appoint; there to remain until the Offender or Offenders shall have paid and discharged all Costs, Charges, and Expences, attending the carrying away and depofiiing> the same as aforesaid, as also a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for each such

P*n»1ty <m

XXVIII. And be it furthereiwfted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall run, ing wheel-bar- drive, draw, or cause to be run, driven, or drawn, on any Part of the Foot Pavements of the said Streets row*, &c. on or Lanes,‘or eithe* of them, «airy Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, or any Carriage whatsoever, oot aremeatc.person or PerfoiTsihalhforfeit, for die First Offence, the Sum of Ten Shillings, for the Second Offence the Aum of Twenty Shillings, and for the Third and every other Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings.

&e. mty

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be Jawfulfor kcmaddeforb",.id" any Person or Persons toereft or set «trp, or cause to be erected or set up, in the said Streets or Lanes, any J^fthLcafc?rin^ Inclosure«_ Posts, Bars, or Rails, or c>ither Matters or Things-for the Purpose of making Mortar, and de-pofiting Bricks, Lime, or other Materials, for building or repairing any Houses, Buildings, or other Works; every such Person or Persons first obtaining’Leave, under the Hand of the Surveyor or Clerk for the Time being to the saki Commissioners for those Purposes respectively, which he is hereby impowered to give by their Permission, signed by Three or more or them: But if any Person or Persons foal erect or set up, or cause to be erected and set up, any such Incfofures, Posts, Bars, or Rails, or any other Matter or Thing, for the Purposes aforesaid, without such Leave first had and obtained; every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Hour such IacIoAi/c, Matter or Thing a^irforesaid, mall remain and continue*

A.D. 1768. Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33. 503

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Perfim and Persons in- Foot Pavement* habiting within the said Streets and Lanes shall, from and after the Second Monday next after the passing ofjjJ* fwePtcver/ this Act, (weep and clean, or cause to be fweptand cleansed, the Foot-paths before their respective Houses,

Buildings and Walls, Once in every Day between the Hours of Six and Nineiii the Forenoon, (Sundays excepted) upon Pain of forfeiting Five Shillings for every Nerleft therein.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners or any FiveN*®« of or more of them, may order and direct the Houses within the said Streets and Lanes, or any of them, to numbered with Figures placed or painted on the Doors thereof, or on such other rart of the said Houses corner of respectively as they the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper ;tand may Housei. also order and tfiredl to be engraved, painted* or otherwise^escribed, on a conspicuous Part of some House or other Building at orncar the End or Corner of each Street or Lane within the said District comprised in this Act respectively, the Name by which such refbeflive Street or Lane so adjoining is usually or properly called or known: And if any Person or Persons mall wilfully or makcioufiy destroy, injure, obliterate, or deface, any such Number, Figure, Name, or Description, or any Part thereof, or cause or.pracure the same to be done, and shall he convicted thereof by his or their own ConfeffioB, or by the Oath of One or mote credible Witness or Witnesses, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in or for the Courry or Place where such Offence shall be committed; every such Person so offending mall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Second Sign*, totg Monday next after the passing of this Act, the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them,

cause all Signs, which then or at any Time after shall be placed or hung in any Part of the said Streets or Lanes, to be fixed or placed on the Fronts of such Houses respectively whereunto the same shall helong; and also shall and may cause all Sign-irons, Posts, Boards, Spouts, Gutters, Pent-houses, or other Things, eccafioning any Obstruction or Annoyance in the said Streets or Lanes, to be removed or altered, inYucfr Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think most proper and convenient v and that for the future, ail Signs, Boards, Spouts, or Gutters, shall be placed or fixed on the Fronts.of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings, whereunto they respectively belong, as the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them, shall direct, and not otherwise: And it any Person or Persons &all at any Time hereafter hang, place, erect, or build any Sign, Sign Post or Iron, Board, Spout, or Gutter, or cause the same to be done, in any other Manner than as aforesaid, or shall in any Manner occasion any Incroachment or Annoyance in the said Streets or Lanes; every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds. '

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any, or any Sign?,.fife wi* Part of any, such Sign, Sign-iron, or Post, Board, Gutter, Spout, Pentwhouse, or other Projection, shall turned. remain unused after the Alteration made thereto as before directed, the same shall be returned to, and be

the Property of, the Person to whom the same belonged before such Removal or Alteration.

XXXIV. ‘ And whereas the said Streets and Lanes are, in some Parts thereof, greatly obstructed, and made dangerous to Foot Passengers, by Steps being brought out from Houses, Steps and Doors going down into Cellars, Vaults* and other rlaces, and by Shew-glasses, Shew-boards, and other Matters or Things projecting from Shops or Houses over and beyond the Area belonging to such Houses or into the Footways \ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Second Monday after the passing of this Act, all such Steps projecting into the Footways of the said Streets and Steps, &#.pro>; Lanes, and all Steps and Doors going down out of the Footways into any Cellars, Vaults, or other Places, icftin6 belonging to any House, Shop, Warehouse, or Tenement, as likewise all Shew-glasses or Shew-boards10 be, wl®T projecting over and beyond the Areas, or into the Footways, and all and every other Material, Matter, or

Thing, belonging to any House, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, or other Building, which do or shall cause or occasion any Nuisance, Annoyance, Incroachment, or Obstruction, in the said Streets and Lanes, or any of them (either in the root or Carriage-way thereof,) shall be, at the Expence of the said Commissioners, from Time to Time, removed, fixed, placed, or altered, in such Manner and Form, as shall be approved of by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor, by their Direction.

XXXV. And, for defraying the Charges and Expences attending the Execution of the several Powers Ad Jitioml Ratt| "by this Act granted, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing

of this Act a Rate or Assessment (over and above all Rates and Assessments now payable) shall once in every Year, or oftener, if it fhodld be thought needful by the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, be made, laid, and assessed, by the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, upon all and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, or occupy, any Land, House, Shop,

Warehouse, Cellar, Vault, or other Tenement, within the said Streets or Lanes comprised in this Act; which Rate or Assessment shall be made at or after the Rate of Nine-Pence in the Pound, for every Year, of the yearly Rent or yearly Value of such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements respectively.

XXXVI. And it is hereby further enacted That the said several Rates so to be made or assessed under Ratwhcw to fe* this Act, shall be collected Half-yearly by the Clerk of the said Commissioners for the Time being, orco lcfted# such other Person and Persons as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint to Manner collect the same: And if any Person or Persons shall refuse, neglect, or omit, to pay the Sum or Sums ofcovery. 'Money at which he, she, or they, shall be so rated or assessed, for the Space of Ten Days after personal

Demand

50+ C. 33.

Anno oAavt> Georgii III. A.D. 1768.

to here Houses are Jet out in Tenements, Owners are to be alfrlTcd*

tes for 1 u 'cs under. per Ann.

y be* cc minded for.

'Where Houses shill be unoccupied, Owners to be on'y charged One Half of the Rates)

and the Premises remain a Security.

Dead Walls, and void Spaces of. Ground, may be fated.

Temnts and Occupiers to pay the Rates.

Occupiers cuU-iiip, without pa) in^ Ra’es, may be followed

Demand made theredf, dr Demand Writing left at the Place of Abode or Occupation of such Person or Persons; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Clerk, or other Person or Persons so to be appointed Collector or Collectors, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and required to levy the lame by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so neglecting, refuting, or omitting to pay the same: And in case no such Goods or Chattels can be found to be so distrained, or in case such Goods and Chattels shall be locked up or secured, or removed from the said Clerk, or other Collector or Collectors* so that he or they cannot aiftrain the same 5 then, and in either of the said cases, upon Information thereof given to any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County or Place, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices, and they are hereby required to commit the Person or Persons so assessed, and refuting or neglecting to pay the said Rates, to the common Gaol for the County or Place where such Person or Persons shall reside or shall be found, there to remain without Bail or Main-prize for any Time not exceeding the Space of One Month, or until the Payment of such Rate or Af* ieflment, and reasonable Charges occasioned by the Nonpayment thereof*

XXXVII. And whereas many Houses within the said Streets and Lanes are by the several Owners and Proprietors thereof let out in Lodgings or Tenements to divers Tenants* whereby it will be difficult to recover such Rates and Assessments when made; for Remedy whereof,* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, and at all Times when they meet to make a Rate in pursuance of this Act, to rate and assess the Owner or Owners of such Houses or Tenements as shall be let to or occupied by Two or more Tenants; which Rate and Assessment shall be paid by One or more of the Tenants or Occupiers of any Part or Parts of such Houses; and in case any Occupier or Occupiers of any Part of such Houses or Tenements shall refuse to pay the same, then the said Rate and Assessment shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of him, her, or them, so refuting to pay the same: And such Occupier or Occupiers of such Tenements respectively is and, are hereby required and authorised to pay such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be so rated orassessed on the Owner or Owners of such Houses, in pursuance of this Act, and to deduct the same out of the Rent thereof; and the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments upon the Receipt of the Residue of their Rent; and every such Tenant, paying such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments* shall be acquitted and discharged for so much Money as the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall amount unto, as if the same had been actually paid to such Person or Persons to whom his, her, or their Rent should have been or shall be due and payable.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, to compound with the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of any such Houses, or any other Houses within the said Streets and Lanes, the annual Rent or Value whereof shall be under Ten rounds, for the Rate by this Act authorised to be laid upon such Houses, so as in such Competition there be not remitted to any such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors respectively, more than One Third of the Rate by this Act laid upon such Houses respectively.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case it shall so happen that any of the Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, or any Part or Parts thereof, within the said Streets and Lanes, or any of them, shall, at any Time, from and after the making of the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, be empty* untenacted, or unoccupied; that then, and in every such Case, One Half of the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, or One Half of such other Rates as may be. assessed by virtue of this Act, shall be paid by the Owners or Proprietors of such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults* or other Tenements; and in case of Nonpayment thereof, such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses; VauPs* Cellars, or other Tenements, shall dc and the same are hereby made a Security for, and chargeable with such Arrears.

XL. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby required, at such Times as the Rates hereby directed shall be made, to rate all dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground adjoining to the said Streets and Lanes, at such Rate as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall judge reasonable, for every Yard running Measure of such Dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground, not exceeding the Rate of Two Shillings and Sixpence per Yard.

XLI. And, to the end the said Rates may be more effectually collected and received* be it further enacted, That all and every Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers* of Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses* Wharfs, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, are and shall be liable to pny the Whole of such Rut.s, whan no Composition shall have been made as aforesaid, to the Collector or Collectors to be appointed as herein after directed.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Person or Persons, who hath or have been rated and assessed by virtue of this Act, shall quit his, her, or their Dwell ii g-house» Warehouse, Wharf, Shop, Vault, Cellar, or Tenement, whereupon such Rate or Assessment 1 as been made, before be, (lie, or tly-y, shall have paid the same, and shall afterwards refuse to pay thefam^, when due and demanded by the Person or Persons authorised and appointed to collect and receive* the same; that then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collector ot Collectcis, and every or any of them, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more Justices of the Peace

acting

D itize. r

A.D. 1768. Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33. 505

fling in and for the said County or Place (which Warrant the said Justices are hereby authorised and required to grant) to enter into any Place within their respective jurisdictions; or, out of the Limits thereof, such Warrant being first backed or countersigned by some Magistrate in the County, City, or Liberty, where the Distress is to be made; and to distrain the Good9 and Chattels of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refuting, and the same to fell, rendering the Overplus (if any such shall be} upon Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges and Expences of such Distress and Sale.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in thisAgreement be-Afl contained shall be deemed or taken to make void any Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, between ^e^aa"d*or4 Landlord and Tenant, touching or concerning the paving, lighting, or cleansing, the said Streets and Uchinghe Lanes, or any Part of them, or either of them 5 but that every Person who is now, by virtue of any such Paving. &c. not Contract or Agreement, obliged to pave or keep in Repair any Part of the said Streets or Lanes, or any vacated, of them, shall, in lieu thereof, be obliged to pay the Rates hereby directed to be made and assessed, or so much thereof as shall by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, be deemed just and reasonable, according to the true Meaning of such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, for and during such Time as such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement shall remain in Force: And in case any Dispute shall trife concerning such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall have Power, and they are hereby required to hear and finally determine the same.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Part or Parts of the P*v n*nts l»V-Pavements of the said Streets or Lanes hath or have been accustomed or ought to be paved and repaired b*c to by any particular Parish or Parishes, Bodies Politick or Corporate, and not by the Owners or Occupiers^ *0a^r;/n^. of the Houses or other Buildings adjoining to the Pavement of the said Streets and Lancs respectively; Pa,r*ed 2t their the same shall be paved and repaired at the Expence of the respective Parish or Parishes, Bodies Politick Expence by the or Corporate, by the Pavioror Paviors contracting with, or employed by, the said Commissioners. Commiinonae

XLV. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five ororVhcrc’omm»r-more of them, from Timeto Time, to compound and agree forth- fame, with any Parish or Parishes, orfironers Bodies Politick or Corporate, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Foot or other Measure, as the said compound with Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think reasonable. such Pari&ei.

XLVI. And whereas the Money to be collected by the said Rate will not be fufEci:nt for the Pur- tflees «nay poses of this Act be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners underc,c^a Turnpike this Act, or any Five or more of them, or such Person and Persons as they shall nominate and appoint forind tjkc ToAi* that Purpose, mall and may. and they are hereby authorised and impowered to cred and let up, or cause to be erected and set up, a Gate or Turnpike, in, upon, and across, the said High Street called Holywell Street^ between the South Side of Shoreditch Church, and the North Side of the Road leading to Bethnal Green; and also toered or provide a Toll-house, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper; and to receive and take the Sum of One Halfpenny, before any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, whether drawing or not drawing, shall be permitted to pass through such Gate or Turnpike, which shall be demanded and taken as a Toll or Duty; and the Money so to be received and collected, shall be vested in the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act.

XLVII. Provided always, That no Person having paid the said Toll, for any Horse, Marc, Gelding, Tt,ns to be p*U or Mule, and producing a Note or Ticket denoting the Payment thereof, (which Note or Ticket the but Once a Day. CoKedor of the said Tells is hereby required to give gratis upon Receipt of the said Tolls) shall be liable to pay the same Toll again, for the same Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and Tclli may bt for such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall, from Time to,fV,rd h> Dirtrek Time, nominate and appoint to demand and take the said Tolls hereby granted and made payable, to levy and ^lc* the same upon any Person or Persons who shall, after Demand made thereof, neglect or refuse to pay the same, by Distress of any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, upon which such Tolls are by this Act imposed, or by DistrTs of any other of the Goods or Chattels of such Person or Persons who ought to pay the same, and to detain and keep the said Cattle, Goods, or Chattels, until such Tolls, with the reasonable Charges of dill raining and keeping the same, shall be paid; and it shall and mny be lawful to and for It^n Person or Persons so distrainine, after the Space of Five Days next after such Distress so t; ken, to fell he

be Horlc, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, or Goods, so distrained, returning the Overplus (if any) upon Dc- fold after 5 mand, to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale, shall be d( <! JCKd.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall forcibly or v.iitully evade the Payment of the Toll by this Act granted, by riding or driving any Horse, J.Lme. Gelding, or Mule, through the said Gate or'Turnpike, without paying such Toll; such Person Ibali, for every such Ostence, foifcitand pay the Sum of Forty Shillings, to be recovered, levied, and pled, a> any Penalty or Forfeiture is by this Act directed to be recovered, levied, and applied.

L. 4 Ar d whereas there are certain Ways or Passages called New Inn Yard, King John's C fh's

4 A. y an 1 Dirty Lane, all leading into Holywell Street aforesaid, by passing through which, the Payment # or tncToll hereby granted may be evaded, and the Purposes of this Act fru ft rated \ be it therefore further cnafttd by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Five or mere of them, shall Levy fit'l Power and Authority to ered any Gate or Gates in or across any or all the said Passages or Places Vvl. X Tit called

Penalty on>v*. dm^ the Toils,

ComfnifPcnfrs ni.) erect G.ite*

aert'is

<v.w Irn Tutdt King J l r.'t Cojitf Cujh* r A ~<y> and DirtJ Lar.c%

506 C. 33.

Anno octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1768.

For borrowing Money.

Annuities

called New Inn Yard, King John's Court, Cash's Alleys and Dirty Laney in such Manner as they shall think proper, (o as to prevent any Horse from passing through the same.

Foot Pass»g« to

LL. Provided always, That a Passage shall be left open for Persons on Foot in each of the said Ways 5U ^"eac or Passages j and also that the Inhabitants of each of the said Places shall have Permission to pass, from Time to Time, through such Gate as shall be erected in the Yard, Court, Alley, Lane, or Place, in which they shall respectively reside, with their Cattle and Carriages, without paying any Thing for passing through the same.

LII. ‘And whereas the Money to be collected and received by virtue of this Act will be inefficient for, the speedy carrying the several Purposes hereby intended into Execution;’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to contribute, advance, and pay, into the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act mentioned, any JSum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Fourteen thousand Pounds^ for the absolute Purchase of One or more Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the full Term of the natural Life of such Contributor respectively, or the natural Life of such other Person or Persons as shall be nominated by or on the Behalf of such Contributor or Contributors respectively, at the Time of Payment of his, her, or their respective Contribution-money, so as the said Annuity or Annuities do not exceed the Rate of Nine Pounds by the Hundred, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum to be paid as aforesaid, and so as the said Annuities to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, do not at any One Time exceed in the Whole the Sum of One thousand two hundred and sixty Pounds. '

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Annuity or Annuities (cyio be purchased under rtanjed oponthe^j virtue of this Act, shall be and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable, from 4 9 Time to Time, out of the Monies arising by the Tolls, Rates, and Assessments aforesaid; and all and,

every the Contributor and Contributors, upon the Credit of this Act, duly paying the Consideration or' Purchase Money at the Rate aforesaid for any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, or his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be intitled by virtue of this Act to have, receive, and enjoy, the respective Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased, out of the said Tolls, Rates, or Assessments, by this Act appointed for the Payment thereof as aforesaid, during the Term of the natural Life of the Person to be nominated by each such Purchaser or Contributor as before mentioned; and that all and every such Purchaser or Purchasers, and their Executors, Administrators* or Assigns, shall have good, sure, absolute, and indefeasible Estates apd Interests in the Annuity or Annuities so by him, her, or them respectively to be purchased, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and that none of the said Annuities shall now or hereafter be subject or liable to the Tax charged or to be charged upon Land by Authority of Parliament; and that every Contributor upon this Act for the Purchase of any such Annufty or Annuities as aforesaid, his, her, or their Assigns, upon Payment of the Consideration or Purchase Money, shall have a Receipt or Receipts for the same, and also an Order on Parchment (which may be made without any Stamp) for Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities* for and during the natural Life of the Person who shall be so nominated as aforesaid, by Quarterly Payments; which Order shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them; and after signing thereof^ the same shall be firm, valid, and of good Effect in the Law, according to the true Purport and Meaning of this Act.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Purchaser or Purchasers of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Af-signsx at any Time or Times, by Writing or Writings under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, to afttgn such Annuity or Annuities, or any Part thereof, or Interest thereon, to any Person or Persons whatsoever* and so toties quoties; and a'Memorandum or Entry of all such Orders and Alignments shall be made in the Book to be kept as hereafter mentioned, at the Charge of the said Commissioners for which Entry or Memorandum Two Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid, and no more; and no such Assignment shall be deemed valid unless such Memorandum or Entry shall be first made as aforesaid.

LV. Provided always, That as such Annuitant or Annuitants shall die off, and such Rates or Assess-M lowered *°ments can be lowered and reduced, and some Part of the said Tolls can be taken off, the same shall be fa w 1 done from Time to Time, in such Manner and Proportions as the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, at their General or Quarter Session assembled, shall order and direct.

LVI. Provided always, That until the said Turnpike so to be erected shall be taken away, and the* Passage of the said High Street laid open and freed from Toll, the fakl Rates and Assessments shall not be reduced to less than Sixpence in the Pound.

LVIL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies raised or cpllefted by Virtue* or by Means, or under the Authority, of this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Commissioners, and shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act* and to or for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Charges and Ex peaces of procuring and puffing this Act, shall be paid out of the first Monies which shall be raised by virtue of this Act.

LIX. And whereas the Entrance into the said Street called Holywell Street, through Holywell Laney it greatly obstructed by a House at the North'East Corner, which projects so far into the said High Street called Holywell Street, as frequently to cause Carriages to be overturned: And whereas the Street or Lane called Hog Lanex which is another Avenue into the said High Street, is very narrow and incom-

modious.

nd deemed in-

defeasible

KlUtea,

not chargeable to the Land Tax

Receipts and Orders for Payment to be ii&ncdj

Antum:es may be aligned.

At Annuitants

Protifr,

Monies raised vtfted in Commissioners.

Charges of this Act how to be

ftid.

A.D. 1768. Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33- S°1

modious, occasioned by Two Houses and a small Yard projecting into the said Lane on the North Side thereof, which Houses and Yard are now in the Occupation of John Latham, John Williams, and George Spencer: And whereas the Passage of the said High street is greaily obstructed by a certain House belonging to the Prebend of Hoxton Precinct, and let or leased to Richard Role, a Carpenter, (landing up on a small detached Piece of Ground at the North East Corner of the said High Street, near the Church t 4 And whereas the said Entrance of the Road from Kingsland into the said High Street called Holywell Street, is very narrow and dangerous; and it would be greatly for the Benefit of the Publick, if the Houses from the Corner of the High Street, on the North East Side, as far as a certain House known H

by the Sign of The Cherry Tree, were taken down, and rebuilt farther back 5 and also that the other Houses and Premises, before described in the said High Street and Hog Laney were removed so far back as to render the several Passages safe and commodious y be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority to treat House« necessary and agree with the Owners and Occupiers of, and all other Persons interested in, such of the said Housest0 bc pd11c4 and Premises as the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall think necessary to be Pur* pu^chas^v^h chafed for opening the said Streets and Passages, and to purchase and become possessed of the same; and Coiruniffioncu/ upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed upon for such Purchases, to cause such Houses and Buildings, or so much thereof as shall be necessary, to be pulled down, and such Grounds, or so much thereof as shall be necessary, to be laid into the said Streets, Ways, and raflages, for the widening and improving the same, and to pay the Purchase-money, and all Expences attending such Purchases, out of any Monies arising by virtue of this Act.

LX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for roTTomratUor all Bodies Politick, Corporate? or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees, and Feoffees in saiTof* ° Trust, Guardians, and Committees for Lunaticks and Ideots, Executors, Administrators, and Guardians Land*, whatsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs, and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of-their Teftuiquc Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Ideots, Femes Covert, or other Persons whatsoever, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised or possessed of7 of interested in, any of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to sell and convey all or any Part of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Estates, and Interclls, or any Part thereof, to the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them; and that all Contrails, Agreements, Bargains, Sales and Conveyances, which shall be made by such Persons as aforesaid, shall be good and valid in Law to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Person and Persons conveying, but also to convey all Right, Title, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of their several and respective Telluique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Ideots, Femes Covert, or other ersons whomsoever, and all claiming, or to claim, by, from, or under them; any Law, Statute,

Usage or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding:

Ana all such Persons so conveying as aforesaid shall be, and are hereby, indemnified for what they shall do

by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, notwithstanding any Omission or Mistake of Matter of Form whatsoever: And be it (hill happen that any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or

other Person or Persons seised or possessed of, or interested in, any such Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- tcetrr* w u

ments as aforesaid, shall refuse to treat or agree for the Sale and Conveyance of their respective Estates and Interests therein, with the said Commissioners, or with any Person or Persons authorised by them, or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premises they are in Possession of, or to the Interest they

Saim, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or of the Person or Persons so authorised by them;

en, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are Commissioner* hereby authorised and impowered to issue a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, directed to the to issue a war- Sheriff of the County of Middlesex^ who is hereby authorised, directed, and required accordingly to im- ^eshe-panel, summon, and return, a competent Number of substantial and disinterested persons, qualified to serve"0*n ajury/1" on Juries, not less than Forty-eight, nor more than Seventy-two; and out of such Persons so impanelled, summoned, and returned, a Jury of Twelve Men shall be drawn by some Person to be by the said Com- *h&*'*tobe missioners appointed, in such Manner as Juries for Trial of Issues joined in His Majesty's Courts at /a^ Geo. II, Westminster, by an Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for t '

the better Regulation of Juries, are directed to be drawn; which Person so to be impanelled, summoned, and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants, Predeptor Precepts, shall be directed and appointed; and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against Jurou may he any of the said Jurymen, but shall not be at Liberty to challenge the Array; and thfe said Commissioners, cMl-n.ed. or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered by Precept or Precepts, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to call before them all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who x*rltncfl-ef may shall be thought proper or necessary to be examined as a Witftefs or Witnesses before them, on their Oath be'cxamir.ed ip-or Oaths, touching and concerning the Premises; and the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of on Oath^c. them, if they think fit, shall and may likewise authorise the said Jury to view the Place or Places in Question, inluch Manner as they shall direct; and the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall have Power to adjourn such Meeting, from Day to Day, as Occasion shall require, and to Command such Jury, Witnesses, and Parties, to attend, until all such Affairs for which they were summoned shall be concluded; and the said Jury, upon their Oaths (which Oaths, 2s also the Oaths to such Person or Persons Turv toaref* the as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, are hereby AQ1‘‘6CS*

"I'11 2 impowered

joS C. 33. Anno octavo Georgii III. A.D. 176$.

impowered t& administer) shall esquire of and assess the Value of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and of the proportionable Value of the respective Estates and Interests claimed therein, or in Commissionen any Part thereof; and the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall and may give Judge-to give *vu) ment, that the Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed by the Value of such Lands, Tenements, or Pfe Hereditaments, and of such respective Estates and Interests therein; which said Verdictt or Verdicts, and ▼ ous^Notice io1^1® frid Judgement thereupon (Notice in Writing being given to the Person or Persons interested, or be giwtn.ro Par. claiming so to be, at least Fourteen Days before the Time of the Meeting of the said Commissioners and t»M iotcrcfled. Jury, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling-house of such Person or Persons, or at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, or with some Tenant or Occupier of some of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, intended to be valued and assessed, in case such Party cannot otherwise be found out to be served with such Notice) shall be binding and concluilve as to Value, as well ag.iinft the King’s Majesty, His Herrs, and Successors, as against every other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, and against all other Persons whomsoever, claiming any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, Use, or Interest, in, to, or out of, the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and Premises, either in possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy.

Vj>©n?aymfnt of

LXI. And be it further enacted and declared, That upon Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money so the Valuen’e AT- to be awarded or adjudged, to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so awarded, for the rur-d, Pr mif-s to be c|xife of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or for the Purchase of any Estate or Interest therein, such Person or Persons shall make and execute, or procure to be made or executed, good, valid, and legal Conveyances, Alignments, and Assurances, in the Law, to the said Commissioners of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or of such Estate or Interest for which such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded; and shall procure all necessary Parties to execute such Conveyances, Alignments, and Assurances, and shall do all Acts, Matters, and Things necessary to make good, clear, and perfect: Title to the Lid Commissioners: And in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or tie cannot be Sums shall be awarded as aforesaid, shall not be able to evince their Title to the Premises to the Satisfac-rnadc, or Je^al troil of t|ie said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, and to make, or procure to be made, valid, and legal Conveyances thereof, or shall refuse, so to do, being thereto required, and the bum or Sums so assessed and awarded being produced and tendered to be paid to him, her, or them, on their making such Title, and executing, or procuring to be executed, such Conveyances, Alignments, or Afliiwces, as aforesaid; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded, cannot be found; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and r the Purr Ware for the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money, *ot to fc« found, so assessed and awarded as the Value of, and Purchase-money for the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name, and with the Privity, of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (describing the m) subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition, of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be, and is hereby impowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the same Court shall seem meet, to order Distribution thereof according so the respective Estate or Ef-; tates, Tkle, or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, of, in, or to, such Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be made appear to, and to be declared by, the said Court, and according to the Value thereof assessed as aforesaid, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who (Hall receive such Sum and Sums, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums^ mentioning and specifying for what Premises, and for whose Use, the same is or are received, to such Person as shall pay any such Sum or Sums into the Bank of England, as aforesaid.

Verdictr, £>. to

LXII. And be it further enacted, That a Memorial of all such Verdicts, Judgments, Sentences, DebtWgiikred. crees, and Orders, of the said Commissioners and Juries, as relate to or concern any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so to be purchased, shall be entered in the Office appointed for registering Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances within the County of Middlesex\ and the said Verdicts, Judgements, Sentences, Decrees, and Orders, shall be deemed and taken to be Records to all €opiei i*i-Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and the same, or true Copies thereof, shall be deemed and taken to be dence* good and effectual Evidence and Proof in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity whatsoever; and all

Persons shall and may have Recourse to the same gratis, and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy not exceeding Two hundred Words, Sixpence, and so proportionally for any greater or lesser Number ment»!CPr«niifes ^or(^a5. act^ immediately* after such Verdicts, Judgements, Sentences, Decrees, and Orders, of the to vei in the CSsaid Commissioners and Juries, and Payment into the Bank as aforesaid, all the Estate, Right, Title, In-^wuniffiojieri. terest, Use. Trust., Property, Claim, and Demand, in Law and Equity, of the Person or Persons to whose Credit such Money shall be paid, in, to* and out of, the said Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, shall vest in the said Commissioners, and they shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Possession thereof to> all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually, as if every Person having any Estate in the Premises had actually conveyed the same by Lease and Release, Bargain and Sale inrolled, Feoffment with Livery and Seifih, Fine and Recovery, or any other Conveyance whatsoever; and such Payment shall not only bar all Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand, of the Person or Person*

A.D. 1768. Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33. 509

or Persons to whose Credit such Payment shall have been made, but also shall extend to and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife or Wives of such Person or Persons, and all Eibtcs Tail, in Reversion, or Remainder, and the Issue or Issues of such Person or Persons, and every Person claiming under them, as eiteftually as a Fine or Recovery would do if levied or suffered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said CommiflWra Commissioners, or any hive or more of them, after such Payment into the Bank as aforesaid, and before miy »nv‘ft Mo-any Application in respect thereof to the said Court of Chancery, at the Petition of any Person or Per-J^pJ^ fons in Foflcflion of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to place out or invest, or cause to be ‘ un 8* placed out or inverted, such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, in some of the Publick Funds, or on Government Security, at Interest, in the Name of any Person or Persons authorised and appointed by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, in Trust to transfer and assign the same to the Person or Persons to who n the Premises belong, on their executing proper Conveyances thereof, and in the mean Time in Trust to pay the Interest and Dividends ariftne therefrom to the Person or Persons who was or Were in Possession of the said Premises at the Time of the said Payment into the Bank.

LXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons, who shall be Perfoat intitl*, intickd to recover the mesne Profits of the Premises against the Person or Persons in Possession, in case the10 "*e.fne l*rofit# fame hid not been so conveyed to, or verted in, the said Commissioners as aforesaid, shall be intitltd toJbe'lnultiiVi' recover the Sum or Sums to arise from such Interest and Dividends as aforesaid, by Action of Debt, or the Porch*-otherwise, against the Person or Persons who shall receive the same; and the said Commissioners, or money, any Seven or more of them, are hereby impowered to make such Orders as aforesaid on the Bank for the Commi,r,0,1^, Paym.nt of such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, as shall be necessary, in order to the same being so inverted in publick Securities; and the said Commissioners shall be quieted in the Possession ln&,c^ ‘ acc 1 ' of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for which such Money shall be so paid as aforesaid, and shall not be answerable or accountable in any Court of Law or Equity for the Money so deposited and* placed out as aforesaid, any otherwise than according to the Tenor, Purport, and true Meaning of this Act.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Case the said Sum or Sums so assessed by If Mmey not th: f. id Jury, and ordered and adjudged by the said Commissioners to be paid to the Owners, Occupiers, lhe

and others, for their respective Interests in the Premises aforesaid, shall not be paid, tendered, or deposited Y^g^nrsnotto* by the said Commissioners as herein directed, within Six Calendar Months after the same shall have been^ binding"0 foaiLffed, ordered, and adjudged; then, and in such Case, the Verdict of the Lid Jury, and the Order and Adjudication of the said Commissioners, shall not be binding, upon the said Parties; anything herein, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Principal Money arising from Purchase-monie*. the Sale of any Houses, Edifices, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be purchased, for of Premises hddi the Purposes contained in this Act, of any Body Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or in Trust»to be Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, or from any Feme Covert, shall PuVc^" t^he be paii to such Persons as they shall respectively nominate to receive the femc? in Trust, with all conve- fa^c u^?s# 0 e nient Speed then afterwards, to be reinvested in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled to and upon, and subject to, the like Uses, Trusts, Limitations, Remainders, and Contingencies, as the Houses, Edifices, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be purchased of them respectively by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, where respectively settled, limited, or allured, at the Time of such Purchase, or so many thereof as, at the Time of making such Conveyances and Settlements, shall be existing and capable of taking Effect.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Conveyance of any nicbEstate or Interest of any Feme-Convryancet by covert to the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them, by Bargain and Sale ac—Feuut-corcrtin-knowledged by such Feme-covert, and to be inrolled in the said Office appointed for registerinr Deeds, 10 et- Conveyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances, within the County of Middlesex, within Six Calendar f ua

Months after the making thereof, shall as effectually and absolutely convey the Eftfetc and Interest of such

Feme-covert in the Premises, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, would or could do if levied'

or suffered thereof in due Form of Law: And further, that all Bargains and Sales whatsoever to be made*"^ *11 other

of any such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as shall be purchased by the said Commissioners by oj2^h»Por

virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act, shall have the Force, Effect, and Operation, in Law, to all S2o7th;»Ad7

Intents and Purposes, which any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatsoever, would have ir

levied or suffered by the Bargainer or Bargainers, or any Person or Persons seised of any Estate in the

Premises in Trust for or to the Use of such Bargainer or Bargainers ia any legal Manner or Form what-

soever.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person- and Persons whomsoever having any person?

Right, Title, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, or Demand whatsoever, whether in Possession, Reversion, any Right &r. 1 a Remainder, or Expectancy, in, to, or out of, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which, by and* 10 Pur-Virtue and for the Purports of this Act, shall be purchased by, and conveyed, or mentioned or intended to be conveyed to, the said Commissioners by any such Bargain and Sale as aforesaid, shall, ufithin the a limited' Space of Five Years, to be computed from the Date of the Enrollment of such Bargain and Sale, enter a Time or be deb«n-Mcmorial of such their Right, Title, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, and Demand, in a Book, to be;

fot

510 C. 33. Anno octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1768.

for that Purpose prepared and kept by the Glerk appointed by the said Commissioners; which Book such Clerk is hereby required to prepare and keep accordingly, and for which Entry he shall be intitled to such Fee, and no other, as the Register of the County of Middlesex is by Law intitled to for the Registry of a Memorial containing the same Number of Words: And all and every Person or Persons whomsoever not entering such Right, Claim, and Demand, within such Time, and in such Manner, as aforesaid, or having so entered the same, and not prosecuting such their Right, Claim, or Demand, with Effect, within the Space of Five Years, to be computed from the Time of such Entry, shall be for ever barred or all Right, Title, Use, Equity, Property, Claim, or Demand whatsoever, whether in Possession, ReveiiTon, Remainder, or Expectancy, in, to, upon, or out of, the said Premises, and every Part thereof; and the said Commissioners, and those claiming by, from, or under them, shall be quieted in the Possession of all such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises; any Law, Statute, Usage, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding.

But at Liberty

LXIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons barred of any to recover the Right, Title, Estate, Interest, Claim,’or Demand whatsoever, in, to, or out of, the said Lands, Tene-frlptr?/ments, and Hereditaments, by virtue of this Act, shall be at Liberty to bring any Action or Actions of ettvidg thefaml* Debt for Money had and received to his or their Use against any Person or Persons, or the legal Representative of any Person or Persons, who received the Purchase-money arising from such Sale of the said Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises aforesaid; and that in every such Case the respective Plaintiffs, on Proof of such Title as would have enabled them to recover such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament?, or any Part thereof, or any Estate or Interest in the same, shall recover the said Purchase-money, or so much thereof as shall be equivalent to their Interest in the said Premises, together with such Interest as shall be equivalent to the mesne Profits of the Premises which they should have been intitled to recover, in case this Act had not been made.

After Purchase,

LXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Tenant at Will, or Lessee for a Year, or other HvT/npoifciifon Person or Persons wi Possession of any such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, or any within Six °n Fart thereof, which shall be purchased by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, and who shall have no greater Months after Interest in the Premises than as Tenant at Will, or as Lessee by Parole for a Year, or frorri Year to Year, Notice. shall, at the Expiration of Six Calendar Months after Notice in Writing left upon the Premises, or fofoon

after as he or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Commissioners, or any Person authorised by them, or any Five or more of them, to take Possession c^creo^> anc* in case any such Person or Persons shall refuse to give such Possession, then it shall and may be ri*r«ep"to '^hc lawful and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to issue their Precept or Precepts Sheriffs to del,-to the Sheriff of the said County of Middlesex, to deliver Possession of the Premises to such Person or Per-ver PuileHion. Ions as shall, in such Preceptor Precepts, be nominated to receive the same; and the said Sheriff is hereby required to deliver Possession accordingly of the said Premises, and to levy such Costs as shall accrue from the fluing and Execution of such Precept or Precepts on the Person or Persons forefufing to give Possession as aforesaid, by Diff refs and Sale of his, her, or their Goods.

Mortgagees, on

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall have any Mortgage c^ai'and*inter-or M°rtgages on such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, now being in Possession thereof by virtue eft, to convey?" of such Mortgage or Mortgages, shall, on the Tender of the Principal Money and Interest due thereon, together with Six Months Interest of the said Principal Money, by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, immediately, assign such Mortgage or Mortgages to the said Commissioners, orany Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, m Trust for them; or in case such Mortgage'or Mortgagees shall have Notice in Writing from the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, that they will pay off and discharge the Princi-cipal and Interest which shall be due on the said Mortgage or Mortgages at the End or Expiration of Six Calendar Months, to be computed from such Notice given; that then, at the End of the said Six Months, on Payment of the Principal and Interest so due, such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall assign his, her, or their Interest in the Premises to the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or OnRefiifal, In-more of them, shall appoint, in Trust for them; and in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall refuse tcrcit to ewte. to aftign as aforesaid on such Tender or Payment, that then all Interest on every such Mortgage shall cease and determine.

Premises to LXXII, And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Principal Money and Interest due on any in the Commii* Mortgage- as aforesaid into the Bank, at the End of Six Calendar Months from such Notice as aforesaid, fionert. for tj]e £jfe of Mortgagee or Mortgagees, the Cashier or Caftiiers of the Bank shall give a Receipt or Receipts for the said Money in like Manner as is herein before directed in Cases of other Payments into the Bank; and thereupon all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust. Property, Claim, and Demand, of the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of every Person or Persons in Trust for him or them, shall vest in the said Commissioners, and they shall be deemed to be in the actual Possession of the Premises comprised in such Mortgage or Moitguges to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Monies to l>c

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money to be paid pursuant to any such Agree-p id or tendered ment or crdicE as aforesaid, or on any such Mortgage, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable up-of the Premises!on ^on‘es which shall be raised or receded for the Purposes of this Act, and shall be tendered to the ’Party or Parties intitled to the same; and in case of Refusal to accept the same, shall be paid into the Bank of England in the Names of any Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Five or

snore

k^oogie

A.D. 1768. Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33. 511

©ore of them, for that Purpose, in Trust for such Person or Persons as shall be intitled to receive the same, before the said Commissioners shall proceed to pull down any House or Houses, or other Erections or Buildings, or to use the Ground for any of the Purposes of this Act.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall jVv' r

have Power from Time to Time, to impose any reasonable Fine, not exceeding the Su n of Ten Pounu.;, J;

on the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents respectively, making Default in the l ie- cnuui6* mises; and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on any such Jury or Juries who shall not appear, or who shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury or Juries, or being so sworn shall not

give his or their Verdi#; and also on any Person or Persons who fl ail be summoned to give Evidence

touching any of the Matters aforesaid, and shall not attend, or shall refuse to be sworn, or who being sworn shall refuse to give his, her, or their Evidence; and on any other Person or Persons who shall in any other Matter wilfully neglect his, her, or their Duty in the Premises, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and, from Time to Time, to levy such Fine or Fines by Order of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, togecher with the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if anyJ to the Owner; and all such Fines ("hall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and Commissioners for the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, to let, fell, or dispose of, so much or such may rdi Land?. Parts of such Houses, -J-»ands, and Premises, as shall not be necessary for the widening of the said Streets or Paffoges, for the belt Price that can be gotten for the same, applying the Money arising thereby for the Purposes of this Act.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and Penalties may for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time, to compound and agree mailed, with any Person or Persons against whom the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, for any Penalty or Penalties contained in any Contract or Contracts hereafter to be entered into, on account of any Breach or Nonperformance of any such Contractor Contracts, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper; and also to mitigate, compound, or lcfTen, any Other the Forfeitures incurred under this Act, so as the Sums so compounded and agrceJ for be not less than the Injury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Nonperformance of such Contract or Contracts, and all the Colts, Charges, and Expences, which shall be 'occasioned thereby, and so as the Mitigation of the other Forfeitures as aforesaid, do not extend to remit above One Moiety of the said Forfeitures respectively.

LXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person Persons ?g?riev-shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Thing done in pitrfuance of this Act, and for which no par-fdmay *rtcal 10 ticular Method of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace ^en^arter Sc*~ at any General or Quarter Sessions of the reace to beheld for the County of Middlesex, or City of London, 10ns* within Three Calendar Months after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant first giving, or causing to be given, Fourteen Days Notice at the lead, in Writing, of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk to the said Commissioners; and wit. in Two Days after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County or City, with Two fuflkient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Cods as shall be awarded by, the Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices at such Session, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizances, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Co(b to the Parties appealing or appealed against as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such (jencral or Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by Penalties and this Act imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly di- Foiiei-mes hour rc&ed) shall be levied and recovered'by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Vvar ro bc ref°*ered rant under the Hand and Seal of One Justice of the Peace a6ling in and for the said County of Mlddkfex;app iC which Warrant such Justice is hereby impowered and required to grant, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath; and the Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold (the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deduced) shall be paid to the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the Time being, and be applied towards the Purposes of this Act: And in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorised 2nd required, Dy Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Month-, nor less than Fourteen Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may Commissioner* be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time* if they may ie*.,rd in-

shall?orrBen*

512 c.

33. Anno octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1768.

shall fee cause, to pay and apply such Part of the said Penalties and Forfeitures* or any of them, as they shall think proper, not exceeding One Moiety of them, or any of them, to and for the Use of the Informer or Informers, or any of them; any thing herein contained 10 the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where Cognizance is given to any Justice or Justices of the Peace by this Act, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to administer an Oath to any Person for his or their more certain Information in the Matters then depend-

lxxxi.

Justices may ad. Bvmiler Oaths

in

rrocefdinpitobe ^aaai. And be it further enacted, That a Book or Books shall be prepared and kept by the said Com-«me/ed in Books missioners, or by such Person or Persons as they, or any f ive or more of them, shall appoint, wherein shall j

be fairly entered, from Time to Time, the Names of such Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, \

shall nominate and appoint.to put in Execution the Purposes of this Act, and Copies of all Orders and i Proceedings relating thereto, and also an Account of what Monies shall have been a defied, raised, levied, and paid, by virtue of this Act, and how the same shall have been applied, and the Names of the Annuitant or Annuitants, and what Sum or Sums he, she, or they, paid for such Annuity or Annuities respectively, and what he, she, or they, is or are to receive for the same; which Book or Books the said Annuitants, or any of them, and all Persons contributing to the said Rates or Assessments, may, at all convenient Times, peruXe and inspect without Fee or Reward.

<*rrmissionrr$(

LXXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall at all icu dctraytUsi-tjlejr \feerings under this Act pay and defray their own Expences.

r^refs not ^un- LXXXII 1. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress shall be made jawfuil*for wants°r any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed ot Forraj unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of nonhePtrtydif-any Default or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distrai 11-training dtemed ing be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab imtioy on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Patties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregulaiity Witl0' may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action on the Case.

riiintiff notto

LXXXIV. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any such recover, it Ten- ^regularity, Trespass, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the iwu^cen made/ ^ehalf the Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceedings* before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender ft all have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave t*f the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall see fit; whereupon such Proceedings, or Orders and Judgements shall he had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

Writings to bt

LXXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Nomination, Contra ft, Bond, without Warrant* Judgement, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of,

or only signed by, any Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of, or only signed by, any other Person or Persons whatsoever, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be chargeable with any S:amp-duty whatsoever.

Proceeding to fee LXXXVI. Andbc it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Orders and Proceedings of entered in aBook.t^c fa*lcj Commissioners, at their Meetings, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose;

and such Orders and Proceedings, so entered, shall be signed by the Clerk or Clerks at any Meeting of Jive Books may be or mre of the said Commissioners assembled, as the Case shall require; and such Orders shall be deemed read in Evidence.and taken to be original Orders; which said Book or Books shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

Proceeding* not

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Proceedings to be had touch-to be quaked for ing the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter or w*nt of orm, to or transacted in, or relating to, the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed

for want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until Twenty-one Days Notice shall be thereof given in Writing to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, or after sufficient Satisfaction, or Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and every such Action shall be brought, laid, and tried, in the County or Place where such Matters and Things respectively shall be committed or done, and not in any other County or Place; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Actions and Suits, and eve of them, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shill be so brought, was done in Pursuance, and by the Authority of this Act: And if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such Act'on or buit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid

nor removeable

b yectrtiorari,

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue*

A.D. 1768. Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 1—«i> 513

aid In any other County or Place than as aforesaid; then the Jury or Juries /Hall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein: And if a Verdict or Verdicts shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, /Hall become nonsuited, or suffer Discontinuance of such Action or Actions; or If upon any Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Actions, Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein; then, and in any of the Cases aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for re- Treble Coib. covering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for hit, her, or their Costs in any other Caffs by Law.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be taken and al- Publick Act. lowed, in all Courts of Justice, as a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and others, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without the same being specially pleaded.

Anno octavo GEORGII III.

At the Parliament begun and holden at Itfejlminster, the Tenth Day of May, Bom. 1768, in the Eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord G GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain^ France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

Being the First Session of the Thirteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

S E S. L

CAP. 1,

An Act for further continuing certain Laws to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Corn, Refer to 31 G. Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit; and Starch, and also the Extraction of Low Wines and * c,#32£f* Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour; for further allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat Flour, \ cc G'0| ' Barley, Barley Meal, and Pulse, free of Duty, unto this Kingdom, from any Part of Europe; and for sic!*, allowing the Importation of Oats and Oat Meal, Rye and Rye Meal, into this Kingdom, for a limited 4,5»4°*

' Time, free of Duty; and also for continuing such other Laws as will expire before the Beginning of the 7 Geo. 1. c* next Session of Parliament.

EXP.

Anno nono GEORGII III.

At the Parliament bfgun and holden at Westminster, the Tenth Day of May, Anno

1768, in the Eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

And from thence continued by several Prorogations to the Eighth Day of November .1768, being the Second Session of the Thirteenth Parliament of Great Britain,

SES. IL

CAP. I.

An Act to prohibit, for a further Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biff^’fceo.’s. cuit, and Starch \ and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat f lour, c.' 2. 33 Geo. a!

EXP. ' c. 4. 6 Geo. 3.

c. 3, 4, 5, 40. 7 Geo. 3. c. 36, 54. 8 Geo. 3. c. 1, 10. Geo. 3. c. i, 1*

CAP. II.

An Act for continuing and grantinfc to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyd6r, and Perry,; ' for the Service of the i ear One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine.

EXP.

514 C. 3, 4, 5, 6. Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

CAP. III.

An Act for punicting Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. IV.

3* * An Act to allow, for a further Time, the free Importation of Rice into this Kingdom, from His Ma*

c3.°; ocig3.' jesty’s Colonies in North AmeEXP.

3 C‘J,‘ ' CAP. V.

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in, for the Servic*

of the Year One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine.

EXP.

CAP VI.

An Act for the more effectually preventing the clandestine Importation of Foreign Spirits; and for explaining such Part of an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Penalties inflicted upon Persons selling Ale, Beer, or other Ex-cifcable Liquors by Retail, without License,} and for taking away certain Powers1 granted by former Acts, for punishing Persons convicted of retailing Spirituous Liquors without Licence.

Preamble re. citing Clause in Act8Cco. J. c.

After 10Jan,

1769, Officers of Excise are impowered to feise all Horses, Cattle, and Carriage* tiled in re* moving or con. ▼eying away Foreign Spirits, for which Dutie*, &c. have not been paid, as Officers of the Customs may now do.

Merhod of uro-ceding thereupon.

Clause in Afl 5 Geo. UU c. 46.

is enacted and declared, That any Officer of Excise shall and may, and ought to seize all Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits, and Strong Waters, together with the Calks, Bottles, Vessels, or other Package containing the lame, which by an Act or Acts then in Force, or then after to be made, should be forfeited; And whereas no Provision is made by the Laws in being to impower the Officers of Excise to seize Horses, c or other Cattle or Carriages, made use of in removing, carrying^ or conveying, the said Liquors for-

feited as aforesaid; and it would be it further Means to prevent the clandestine Importation of Spirituous Liquors, if Officers of Excise were impowered to seize the Horses, or other Cattle and Carriages, made < use of in removing, carrying, or conveying the same, in the same Manner as the Officers of the Customs may now legally do ;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Tenth Day of January* One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officers ot Excise, and every of them, and they, and each of them, are required to seize all and every Horse, and other Cattle and Carriage whatsoever, used in the removing, carrying, or conveying away, any of the Liquors aforesaid (Customs and other Duties not being first paid or secured) in the same Manner as the Officers of the Customs may now legally do j which Seizures of Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, shall and may be proceeded upon, heard, and determined, by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, is or may be sued for or recovered by any Law or Laws relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, or any of them 5 or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westm 'nifter^ for any Thing done in that Part of Great Britain called England, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, for any Thing done in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland 5 and that One Moiety of every such Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to him or them who shall seize, inform, or sue for the same.

II. And whereas by arr Act passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Admissions into Corporations or Companies; and for further securing the Stamp Duties in Great Britain; it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, every Person convicted of selling Beer, A4e, or other Exciseable Liquors by Retail, within England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, without being licensed thereto, shall, instead of the several pecuniary and corporal Punishments inflicted by former Acts, forfeit and undergo the Penalties and Punishments following; for the First OJence, the Sum of Forty Shillings, and all Costs and Expences of Conviction; and if not paid within Fourteen Days, the Party shall suffer Imprisonment for one Month, unless the Penalty and Charges (hill be

sooner

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 6, 7, 8. 515

sooner paid 5 and for the Second Offence, Four Pounds, with the like Costs *, and if not paid within

One Week, the Party shall suffer Imprisonment for rIwo Months, unless such Fine and Costs be sooner paid 5 and for the Third Offence, and all subsequent Offences, Six Pounds, with like Costs j and if not paid within Three Days, the Party shall suffer Imprisonment for Three Months, unless he shall sooner pay the same as aforesaid; the said Costs and Expences to be settled and ascertained as is therein mentioned: And whereas since passing of the said lad in Part recited Act, it has been doubted whether the several Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, Punishments, and Forfeitures,

Clauses, Matters, and Things, which were provided, settled, directed, established, or imposed, by any Act or Acts of Parliament made since the Eighth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, re- lating to the selling Spirituous Liquors by Retail without Licence, might be lawfully exercised, imposed, p0WfTft

inflicted, and recovered, against any Person for retailing Spirituous Liquors without Licence: Now in provided and order to put an End to such Doubts/ be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all estabiifted by and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, Punishments, and For- anr or fcitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, provided, settled, directed, established, or imposed, by any ACtJJ^jJ^j*. or Acts of Parliament made (ince the Eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Se- to the retailing f cond, relating to the felling of Spirituous Liquors by Retail without Licence, (except the Forfeiture or Spirituou* Li. Penalty of One hundred Pounds, imposed by an Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty without King George the Second, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of Spirituous Liquors, and for licensing the Ritailers thereof) might have been, notwithstanding the said Act made in the Fifth Year of io^. m poi'ed by His present Majesty's Reign, and may (except as herein after mentioned) for the future be lawfully ex- Aaj Cco.il. c, erdfed, practised, applied, used, imposed, inflicted, levied, and recovered, in regard to all and every Per-13.)

(on and Persons that have offended or shall offend against the said several and respective Acts, or any of their, made since the Eighth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second. bwi.^ndmay,

notwithstanding Act 5 Geo. III. be lawfully exercised.

III. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and The Power* after the Tenth Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, all the Powers and Autho- to Jtftiee* rity by the said former Acts, or any of them, co the Justices of Peace and Commissioners of Excise re- ePeacelAf* speCiively given of transporting or whipping Persons convicted of retailing Spirituous Liquors without Licence, shall cease and be no longer put in force j any former Act or Acts to the contrary notwith- or whipping

Handing. Persons who re.

tail Spirituous Liquors without Licence, ire taken away.

Cap. vn.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Force* while on Shore.

EXP.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for the repairing, improving, and better preserving the Harbour and Quay of (Veils*

in the County of Norfolk.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Chorles the Second,

intituled, An Act for repairing and better preserving the Quay of the Port of Wells, in the County e/*SrIB|i. c. !l of Norfolk, several Duties for the Purposes therein mentioned were made payable from and after the paf- privat. Act.

sing of the said Act: And whereas the said Duties made payable as aforesaid have not been sufficient for the effectual Reparation and Improvement of the Harbour and Quay of the said Port of (Veils, which 4 (notwithstanding a great Sum of Money raised by a voluntary Subscription of the Merchants and Ship Owners belonging to the said Town) are still incumbered wi h a conuderable Debt, and the said Har-»

hour and Quay mud in a short Time fall into Decay, unless some further and more effectual Provision be made by Parliament for the Preservation thereof: Therefore for preserving to the Inhabitants of the said Town of JVeHs, and the adjacent Country, the Benefit of the said Harbour and Quay, which is of great Importance to the Trade of this Kingdom in general, and to the End that the same may be cleared and depthened, and the said[Quay repaired, improved, and maintained, and the present Debt paid and discharged; may it please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted j and* be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Duties pa table passing of this Act, the Duties payable by virtue of the said Act shall cease, determine, and be no longer under the for-paid; and in lieu of the said Duties, there shall be paid, from and after the passing of this Act, by every wcrr to Xfafter, or other Person having the Rule or Command of ^ny Ship or Vessel belonging to the Town of cfJe Var,d 1 (Veils* which shall lade or unlade at the said Town of (Veils* upon the lading or unlading the Goods hereafter mentioned, the Rates or Duties herein after expressed; that is to say, thereof.

For every Chaldron of Coals or Cinders; and for every Last of Wheat, Rye, Barley. Malt, or other New Dj’.ie*. GrJn i and for every Wcy or Forty Bushels of Salt 5 and for every Twi of other Goods or Mer-

U u u 2 chandize

516 G*. 8; Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

chandize whatsoever, that shall be laden or unladen in the Harbour of 7Veils* the Sum of Sixpence respectively: And every Matter, or other Person having the Rule or Command of any Ship or Vessel not belonging to the Town of Wells, shall, for every Chaldron of Coals or Cinders; and for every Last of Wheat, Rye, Barley, Malt, or other Grain; and for every Wey or Forty Bushels of Salt; and for every Ton of other Goods or Merchandise that shall be taken in or delivered out by such Ship or Vessel in the said Harbour of JVells, the Sum of One Shilling respectively; until such Time as the Money which shall be borrowed upon the Credit of this Act shall be paid and discharged; and after the Money to borrowed1 shall be paid and dif< harged, then any such smaller Sums as the Commissioners to be appointed, at, herein after directed, shall think necessary for the effectual repairing, improving, and preserving of the said Har-’ bour and Quay, hot exceeding Four-pence per Ton, Chaldron, Last, or Wey.

Ships of »o T#ns, not lading or unljding, to pay only 6d. per Ton annually.

Commissioners

Rame*.

Their Time and Place of Meeting,

and may adjourn.

On Death, &c. of Commissionera. others to be cholen*

>nr chonfing Com m iiTio nr r» after the Debt is jAid*

And that all and every Merchant or other Person who shall be concerned in lading or unlading such Goods as aforementioned, shall be respectively answerable to pay to any Matter or Commander (upon his producing a Receipt for the same) One half of the said Rate or Duty so disbursed and paid by him for and on Account of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandises, so laded or unladed, on Account of such. Merchants or e ther Persons respectively.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be paid by the Matter, or other Person having the Rule or Command of any Ship or Vessel of the Burthen of Ten Tons or upwards which shall come into the Harbour of Wells, and make fatt any Rope or Ropes to the Dolphins or other Mooring-posts, and not lading or un'acting any Goods in the said Harbour, the Sum of Sixpence the Ton according to the Burthen of the said Ship or Vessel; which said Duty of Sixpence par Ton shall only be demanded and paid Once in every Year.

III. And be it hereby further enacted, That Sir John Turner Baronet, Wenman Coke, Henry Lee Warner 1 George Chad, Esquires; Charles Boyles Gentleman, the Reverend James Robinson Clerk, John Jones, Thomas Jones, David Jones, John Hill the younger, Charles Rix, Thomas Harrison, Robert Harr if on, John Haycock, William Tolke, John Rice, Robert Phillips, and William Elliot, Merchants; Valentine Dennis Beer Brewer, James Gardner, Thomas Pentin, Francis Gardner, William Stoughton, Willi in Coe, Nathan JVabon, Bream Shotten, Daniel Wells, James Henderson, and John Bloom the elder, Ship Matters and Owners, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners and Trustees for the executing and eftefting the Powers, Authorities, and Purposes of this present Act, until the said Debt shall be paid and discharged.

IV. Provided always, That only One Member of any House or Copartnership shall meet and aft as a Commissioner at the same Time; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any rive or more of them to meet together at the House known by the Sign of the Fleece in :the Town of Wells aforesaid, on the First Wednesday in the Month of January, which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine; and to adjourn themselves, and afterwards meet there, or at any other Place in the said Town of Wells, as the said Commissioners and their Successors, or the major Part of them, shall think proper and convenient for the putting this Act, or any of the Powers herein contained, in Execution.

V. And it is hereby further enacted, That in case any of the Commissioners and Trustees herein before mentioned (or to be elected in Manner herein after mentioned) shall happen to die, or shall by Writing; under his or their Hands decline acting as a Commissioner and Trustee agreeable to the Tenor of this Act; thdn in such Case, and from Time to Time, as often as it shall happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving Commissioners and Trustees, or the major Part of them, to elect another Person to be a Commissioner and Trustee in the Room and in the Stead of such Persons so dying or declining to act for and during the Rdfidue of the said Term which shall be then to come and unexpired; and such Person so elected and chosen shall have the like Power and Authority by virtue of this Act, as the Commissioner and Trustee in vVhofe Place he succeeds was inverted with.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted, That after the aforesaid Debt shall be paid off and discharged, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Persons as shall, for the Time being respectively, be possessed of a Sixteenth or other greater Part or share of any Ship or Vessel of the Burthen of Twenty Tons and upwards, thenactually belonging to the said Town of Wells, in his and their own Right, and also for every Merchant trading in and from the Town of Wells, to meet and assemble on the First Wednesday in the Month of January, which shall happen after the Money, borrowed upon the Credit of this Act is paid off and discharged, at some convenient Place in Wells aforesaid, and so from Time to Time on every First WednesLy in every Month of January in every Third Year for ever; and the said Persons so afiVmbled, or the major Part of them, are hereby authorised and required to nominate, choose, and appoint. Ten of the most substantial Inhabitants or Merchants trading in the said Town of Wells to be joined with Sir John Turner Baronet, Wenman Coke, Henry Lee Warner, and George Chad, Esquires, as Commissioners and Trustees for the Purposes of this present Act; and the said Sir John Turner Baronet, Wenman Coke, Henry Lee Warner, and George Chad, Esquires, and the several Persons to be from Time to Time elected and chosen by virtue of, and in pursuance of, this Act as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby constituted and appointed Commissioners and Trustees for executing the Powers and Authorities of this Act; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and Trustees for the Time being, or any Five or moie of ifn m, to order and direct all Matters and Things, and to cause the same to be done and executed, from Time to Time, as by them shall bethought requisite or necessary for improving and preserving the said Harbour and Quay of Wells, and for ether the Purposes hereinbefore mentioned.

A'

Anno nono Georgi'i TIT.

C. 8

by this Act, shall be paid at such Time and Place as the said Commissioners and Trustees for the Time ^re^h"!Vht* being, or the major Part of them, shall, from Time to Time, order, direct, and appoint. pa"dl]c*

VIII. And be it hereby further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Customer, Collector, «jhj * not Comptroller, Surveyor, Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer of the Customs whatever belonging to the said.cklred'tiilV.e Port of Wells y to permit any Ship or Vessel to clear at the said Custom-house, or to go out of the said Duties are Harbour, until the Matter, or other Person or Persons having the Rule or Command of such Ship or Vessel,

shall produce a Certificate from the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, that the Rates and Duties hereby granted are paid or secured to be paid, according to the true Meaning and Intent of this A cl; which said Certificate the said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, are hereby required to give without Fee or Reward: And that if any Customer, Collector, Comptroller, Surveyor, or other Penalty on Offi-Orhccr of or concerned in the said Customs, shall make Default or offend in the Premises, contrary tb ciJaflnccbefcre* the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit tjJ Dunes m and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, secured. in 2ny of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, with Double Costs of Suit, in which no Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, and in which Action or Suit any Inhabitant of the Town of Wills y not disqualified or disabled by Law, shall be admitted to give Evidence, and be deemed a competent Witness.

IX. And be it also hereby enacted and declared, That One Moiety of such Forfeiture shall go and be penaJtic*and raid unto and to the Use of the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same; and the other so^'^vered^ Moiety thereof shall be paid into the Hands of the said Commissioners and Trustees, or the major Part of and

them, or to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners and Trustees, or the major Part of them, shall direct and appoint; and shall be applied in, for, oc towards the improving and preserving the said Harbour and Quay of Wells, and for other the Purposes herein before mentioned.

X. And be it hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners Commissioners and Trustees, or the major Part of them, to make such Bye-laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as |"ay ra*ke Bye-shall be found necessary for the Purposes in this Act mentioned; and to contract and agree with Work- a*3\

men. Artificers, or other Persons whatsoever (bona fide) for making and doing all and every or any Part omra u of the Work and Business to be done in or about the preserving, improving, and maintaining, the said Harbour and Quay; and also with any Person or Persons for Timber, Stones, and other Materials, which shall be requisite for the Purposes aforesaid.

XI. And, to the End that a sufficient Sum of Money may be speedily raised for the Purposes aforesaid. Commit oner* and for better securing the same $ be it hereby further enacted, That it shall and iliay be lawful for the m3y born w saul Commissioners and Trustees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby c^iTorVhc6 impowered, by Indenture or Writing under their Hands and Seals, to convey and allure the Duties granted dJu^.0

by this Act, or any Part thereof, as a Security for any Sum or*$ums of Money to be borrowed for the Ends and Purposes aforesaid, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds, unto any Person or Persons that shall or will lend or advance the same, for securing the Repayment thereof at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, or at any lower Intcrell; and that all Monies Application «f which shall be raised, received, and borrowed by virtue or under the Authority of this Act, shall be ap- Monies, plied and disposed of, in the First Place, for and towards the paying and discharging the Expences attending the obtaining and passing of this present Act; and afterwards for the improving, preserving, and maintaining, the Harbour, Quay, and other Works belonging thereto, and for paying and discharging the Debt already contracted, and to or for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XII. And be it hereby further enacted, That there shall, from Time to Time, be kept by the said Accounts to be Commissioners and Trustees, or their Agent or Agents, One or more Book or Books, in which all the kC|>t'

# Monies to be received or borrowed by virtue of this Act, or advanced upon the Credit thereof, and also #al! Sums disbursed or laid out by the said Commissioners and Trustees, or by their or any of their Order for the Purposes aforesaid, and the respective Time of such Receipt and Disbursements, shall be, from Time to Time, duly and fairly set down and entered; and all Persons concerned or interested shall at all Times have the Inspection and Perusal of the said Booksjmd Accounts gratis \ and there shall be also kept, by the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, proper

B.oks, containing Entries of all their Receipts and Payments had and made by Virtue and under the Authority of this present Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners and Trustees, or the major Part of them, from Time to Time, and at all Times during the Continuance of this Act, to nominate, chuse, and appoint, some proper Person or Persons to be Collector or Collectors,

Receiver or Receivers, of the said Duties hereby granted, and to allow the said Collector or Collectors,

Receiver or Receivers, for his or their Trouble in receiving and paying the same out of the Sum or Sums of Money to be by him or them received, any such Salary as the said Commissioners and Trustees, or the

major Part of them, shall think fit and reasonable; and that the said Commissioners, or the major Part ofoTc?n tagirc] lbtm, shall take of such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, so to be chofion, nominated, and ‘y* appointed as aforesaid, good and sufficient Security, as well for answering and paying all and every Sum and Sums of Money by him or them respectively received, in such Manner as the said Commissioners and Trustees, or the major Part of them, shall, under their Hands and Seals, appoint, and not otherwise.

518 C. 8.

Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

as also for his or their giving and making respectively thereof true Accounts in Writing as often as required by the said Commissioners and Trustees, or the major Part of them, of all Monies received, and when, and of all Monies by h.m or them disbursed respectively, and the Times of such Disbursements, to whom, and by what Order; and also it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners and Trustees, or the OSeerittae- major Part of them, to meet and assemble Twice in every Year; that is to say, One Meeting to be on ctuatupon 0»th tke p;^ Wednesday in the Month of January^ and the other Meeting on the First Wednesday in the Month of July, in every Year and to call before them all and every the Collector and Collectors, Receiver and Receivers, or any other Person or Persons by them employed, and then and there audit, examine, and state the respective Accounts of every such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, and such other Person or Persons as shall be by them employed* and shall sign the same; and to take, state, and draw up in Writing, and sign a true and full Account of all and every Sum and Sums of Money by virtue of this #fficert m«y b«Act collected, received, and disbursed, not before accounted for; and also to displace or remove any such removed. Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, and appoint others in their Room; and also to remove

any other Person or Persons by them employed, when and as often as the said Commissioners and Trustees, or the major Part of them, shall think proper.

No Money to be

XIV. Provided always, That no Money shall be borrowed for the Purposes of this Act, but at One of borrowed bat the Half-yearly Meetings above mentioned.

Meetings,

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Difficulty shall arise concerning the Tonage or

theT°n" Quantity of any Goods or Merchandise imported in any Ship or Vessel at the said Town of Wells, or the Vessel> shall be Tdnage of any Ship or Vessel which shall come into the said Harbour and make use of the Moorings feeruined. therein placed, then it shall and may be lawful for any Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, so

appointed as aforesaid, to goon board any Ship or Vessel, in order to take the Measure thereof according to the Rules and Admeasurement laid down and settled by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the public Revenues of Excise, Customs% Stamp Duties, Poji Office, and House Moneys and to demand, collect, and receive, the said Duties granted and allowed by this present Act; and for Nonpayment of the said Duties, or for refusing to permit such Officer to take the Dimensions of such Ship or Vessel, to seize and distrain the said Ship or Vessel; and if such Ship or Vessel shall not be redeemed within Ten Days after the fuzing and distraining thereof, the Person so seizing and distraining the same may fell so much of the Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, of and belonging to the said Ship or Vessel, as shall be fuffeient to answer the Duties made payable by this Act, and also the Charges of such seizing and distraining such Ship or Vessel, rendering the Overplus of the Money (if any be) arising by the Sale thereof, to the Owner or Master of such Ship or Vessel, when demanded.

A Person (halt

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and take^reo? [her^rM^ccs> or the major Part of them, and they are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, to no-BaoyiandBea- rninate and appoint, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, a Person or Persons (to be displaced at <fcn*; Pleasure) with such an annual Salary out the said Duties as they shall think proper, to look after and

take care of all Buoys and Beacons belonging to the said Harbour; and such Person or Persons so to be kit Duty. appointed, shall and may, and is hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, to order and require all and every or any Person or Persons havinz the Command or Rule of any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, entering into, or lying within, the said Harbour of Wells, to lie, moor, orballaft, the same in such proper Place or Places of the said Harbour as the said Person or Persons shall order, assign, or direct* for that Purpose 5 and in case any Person or Persons, having then the Command or Rule of any such Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, shall neglect or refuse so to do, he and they, and each of them, for every such Neglector Refusal, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings, to be levied, recovered, and appli-Penalfy on ed, as js herein after appointed: And if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall, after the passing of this An*present Act, throw or empty any Ballad in any other Part of the said Harbour of Wells^ than in the Place

nova nee of the

which the Person or Persons, to be appointed as aforesaid, shall order and direct, or shall throw or empty Harbour. any Ballast, Dust, Ashes, Stones, cr any other Sort of Rubbish into the said Channel or any Part thereof, or to do any other Matter or Thing to prejudice or annoy t »e fame, then such Party or Parties offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings for every such Offence.

Vo Fires to be XV il. And whereas the Ships and Vessels which come up to the said Quay or Landing-place in or

Mischief,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Master, or other Person or Persons having the Rule or Command of any Ship or Vessel lying at the said Quay or Landing-place, shall mak<, use, or permit or fufter any Fire for heating Pitch, Tar, Rosin, or Brimstone, or for dressing any Provisions on board such Ship or Vessel lying between the North End of the said Landing-place, commonly called The Stoney and the East End of the said Quay bounded by a Blacksmith’s Shop, now or late in the Occupation of William Millington^ on any Pretence whatever, such Master or other Person or Persons Hull forfeit and pay for every such Fire used for the Purposes aforesaid, as shall be seen or found on board any such Ship or Vessel, the Sum of Ten Shillings; or if any Master, or other Person or Persons having the Rule or Command of any Ship or Vessel, shall make use of any burning Pitch-barrels, oi any other lighted Fuel* for graving such Ship or Vessel lying at the common Quay, such Master or other Person or

Perfcas

5*9

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 8, 9, 10.

Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and* pay the Sum of Forty Shillings; Proof of either of the above Offences being first made on the Oath of some credible Witness, or on the Confection of the Party so offending, before any One Justice of the Peace acting for the said County of Norfolk.

XVIII. And be it hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties, by this Act imposed and incurred, and whereof the Method of levying and recovering is not f0°berccc?ere4 hereby otherwise provided for, and particularly directed, shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale appi ed. of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of any One

Justice of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk; which Warrant or Warrants the said Justice is hereby impowered and required to make and Issue upon the Information of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or the Affirmation of a Person being a Quaker (which Oath or Affirmation the said Justice is hereby impowered and required to administer and take) and such Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold, the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first: deduced, shall go and be applied and paid, if not otherwise disposed of or applied by force and virtue of this Act, One Moiety to the Person or Persons who shall give Information on Oath before the Justice of the Peace, and the other Moiety for and towards the improving, preserving, and maintaining the Works belonging to the said Harbour and Quay of TVells; and in case such Offender or Offenders, made subject to the Fines and Forfeitures and Penalties by this Act, hath or have not Goods and Chattels sufficient for such Distress, then it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice of the Peace, and he is hereby directed, upon Return being made upon Oath or Affirmation, by the Person or Persons impowered to make such Distress and Sale as aforesaicL that such Offender or Offenders hath or have not Goods and Chattels sufficient to satisfy such Fine or Fines, together with the Charges, to fend the said Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction, there to continue for the Space of Three Months, unless the Money be sooner paid.

XIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be brought and Limitation oi prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing that he or they shall do, or cause to be done, in A£k>n*. Durfuance of this Act, then and in every such Case the Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Months after the Cause of Action accrued, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the said County of Norfolk, and not elsewhere 5 and all and every Person or Persons, so sued and prosecuted, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence; and if it shall General Iffur« appear so to be done; or if any Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County of Place, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuited, or forbear rrofecution, or discontinue the Suit; or if a verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or Judgement be given; gainst the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs upon Demurrer, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover full Costs, and Full Cotlu have such Remedy for the same as when Costs by Law are awarded.

XX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be taken and con- PubiickArti (trued most beneficially for preserving, improving, and maintaining the said Harbour and Quay of Wellsy

and the Works thereunto belonging, and all other Works intended by this Act; and shall and may be taken and adjudged to be a Public Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, are hereby required to take Notice thereof, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. IX.

An Act to continue an Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty intituled, An Act^q^ jh. c. to continue and amend, an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Renn of His frefint Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland\ for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time.

CAP. X.

An Act for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and Lanes in the Parish and Borough of New Windsor, in the County of Berks, and for preventing Nufances and Annoyances therein.

WHEREAS the Streets and Lanes wuhin the Parish and Borough of New Jllndfory in Preamblr, the County of Berks, are very ill paved and cleansed, and incommodious to Passengers, by An- noyances and Incroachments therein; and many Disorders and Irregularities are frequently committed in the Night-time in the said Streets and Lanes, for want of the same being properly lighted and watched:

And whereas it will tend greatly to the Benefit and Safety of the Inhabitants of the said Pariflv and Borough, and of all Persons resorting thereto, if the said Streets and Lanes were properly paved, cleansed, ft lighted, and watched, and kept dear and free from Annoyances and Incroachments; but as the same

I cannftt

520 C. io.

t

Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

jmnvlTbner*

Dfa:h or Rrfir.il, uhers to be c he Te n.

Commissioners not to itt if in-teierted.

First Meeting of Cominiiljon-

<tJnal:,hntion of Commissioners,

Penalty on a£R int» if not qualified.

c cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; rncP be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Honourable Augustus Keppel Esquire, R chard Tcnfon Esquire, the Mayor and Justice of the Borough of New Jlfindfrr, and the Under Steward of the said Borough for the Time being; the Reverend John B'flock, D. D. the Reverend Pilgrim, Henry Ifhervuood, Owen

Saluflury Brereton Esquire, 'join Chejhyre Esquire, Samuel Waller, James Straker, Francis Pigott hfquires; llilliar.i Bidle M. D. Rickard jcpi.jon Esquire, Richard Grape Esquire, Charles Eldridge, Elliot Salter9 Thomas Pcpplcion, George Aylet, I Villi m Kimber, Charles Ballard, George Hatch, Nicholas Trcvanion, the Reverend Thomas Walker, Major Bcijragon, Charles Hedges, Esquire, Alexander Schomberg Esquire, ihc Reverend John Hand, Thomas Rutter Esquire, Fredrick Thackeray M. D. Humphry Hackfiavj Esquire, James Rojfec Esquire, Daniel Highmore Esquire, Edmund JVbinfield, Henry Jjlervjood junior, Air ah am Sharratt, William Charjley, John Williamson, William Tyrrell, George Bryer, William PearJcn, John Spencer, join Snowden, Henry Coombes, Richard Seaward, Richard Pinnock, John Carr, John Davie, John Simes, John Willi ms, John Penning, Richard Bradbury, Robert Style, John Norton, Sir Edward if abolc Knight of the Bath, Sir Thomas Reeve Knight, Charles Bowles Esquire, Richard Neville Esquire, At ihnr Van fat art Esquire, Richard Mead Esquire, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein af-tcrnicntioned, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution; and when any of the Commissioners herein named, or hereafter to be elected, shall die or refuse to act, it shall and may be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at any Meeting, to elect a fit Person or Persons to supply the Place or Places of him or them so dying or refusing to act; and all Persons who shall be so elected are hereby veiled with the same Powers for putting this Act in Execution as the Persons in whose Stead they shall be elected were veiled w’th.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no'Person shall be capable of adtingas a Commissionerin the Execution of this Act, during the Time he shall hold any Office of Profit, or have any Share or Interest in any Contract relating to the Execution of any of the rowers of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall meet on the Ahnday Sevennight next after the Day of the Palling of this Act, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve of the Clock in the Forenoon, at the Guildhall within the said Borough; and shall, from Time to Time, afterwards meet upon the First Monday in every Month at the Guildhall aforesaid, with the Content of the Mayor for the Time being, or at such other Place or Places within the said Parish and Borough as they the said Commissioners, or any, Five or more' of them, shall think proper; and shall and may adjourn themselves, and meet at any other Time or Place within the said Panlb and Borough as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint, for putting this Act in Execution \ and the said Commissioners shall at all their Meetings pay their own Expences,

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be qualified or capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act (except the Mayor and Justice of the Peace and Under steward for the said Borough for the Time being) unless he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of His Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or possessed of a Personal Estate alone to the Amount or Value of One thousand five hundred Pounds: And if any Person (except the Mayor and Justice of the Peace and Under Steward for the said Borough for the Time being) shall act as a Commissioner for putting this Act, or any of the Powers herein contained, in Execution, contrary to the Intent and Meaning hereof; every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Colrrts of Record by Action of Debt, or on the-Case, or by Bill, Suit, *or Information; wherein no Lfloin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is so qualified, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor than that such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

GqmrrvlWets V. And be it farther enabled. That the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall and ir.av appoint of* rr.ay appoint One or more Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, of the Monies to be raised by ficers» virtue and for the Purposes of this Act 5 and also One Or more Surveyor or Surveyors, and such other Officer or Officers, as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them* shall think necessary for the due Execution of this Act: And the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall take Secu-tid remove rity for the due Execution of their respective Offices as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of

them. them, shall think proper; and shall and may, from Time to Time, remove any or either of such Officers or other Persons, and appoint others in the Room of such of them as shall be so removed or shall die: And 0, Ticmto*c f>tr^on or Persons as is or are hereby made liable to pay the several Rates or Sums of Money hereby

oumupono*th» 5rantc^ shall pay the same to such Person or Persons as shall, from Time to Time, by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, be appointed to collect and receive the same: And all such Officers and Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid shall, unclbr their Hands, at all Times when the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall direct, deliver to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, a true and perfect Account in Writing, to be fairly entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act; and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Officer or Officers received by virtue and for the Purposes of this

3 Act,

u.

A.D. 1769. Anno nemo Georgii III. c. 10. 521

Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed by Order of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments; and shall pay all such Money as shall remain in their respective Hands to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and all such Persons so accounting as aforesaid shall upon Oath verify their said Accounts; which said Oath the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, are hereby iiupowered and required to administer: And if any such Officer or Person shall not make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce or deliver up the Vouchers relating to the same, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Ten Days after being thereunto required by any Five or more of the said Commissioners, all the Books, Papers, and Writings, in his Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act; or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies as upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts shall appear to be in his or their respective Hand?, to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; then, and in either of the Cases aforesaid, the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, may and are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought? any Action or Actions in the Name of any Two or more of the said Commissioners, or in the Nameof their Treasurer or Clerk, against the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, in order for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, respectively; or in case of such Neglect or Refusal, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice or Justices of the Peace in and for the said Borough, and he or they is and are hereby authorised and impowered, by a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so refusing or neglecting, to be brought before him or them, and upon his and their appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in afummaiy Way; and if, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the tfon-paymfnt of Testimonyof any credible Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and Mon y m their are hereby impowered and required to administer) it shall appear to such Justice or Justices that any bt,n*

the Money that shall have been collected or raised by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, shall be in the

Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice or Justices may and is and are hereby authorised and required upon Nonpayment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chat- levy the Tame hotels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively: And if no Goods or Chattels of such Dist*ef»*nd s*u?. Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, can be found, sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, the Charges of distraining and felling the same, them and in either of the Cases aforesaid, the said Justice10 ccommi ca* or Justices shall commit every such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol of the said Borough of Nnv IVindftry until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or otherwise compound and settle the same with the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, in such Manner as they, or any Five or more of them, shall approve t And the said Commissioners, or any Nine or to n»k* more of them, shall and may, out of the Monies arising by the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue AN0"*"* of this Act, make such Allowances to the Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Surveyor or ccr,# Surveyors, and other Officer or Officers, so to be appointed as aforesaid, or to such other Person or Persons is have been or shall be aiding and assisting in and about the Execution of this Act, as to them the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall seem reasonable.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Property of all the P «nenn, &c. present and future Pavements in the Streets and Lanes within the said Parish and Borough of New rd*5d in Cora* Windsor^ as well in the Foot-ways, as Carriage-ways, and of all Lamps, Lamp-irons, and Polls, which m:moners> shall beerested or fixed by virtue of this Act, and of all Materials, Implements, and other Things, to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Commissioners; who may bring and they, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be Aaions. or pr#. brought, any Action or Actions in the Name or Names of any One or more of them, or in the Namefcrlnd, ament,» of their Treasurer or Clerk, or to prefer any Bill or Bills of Indictment, as the Case shall require, against any Person or Persons who shall (leal, take, or carry away, spoil, injure, or destroy, any Part or Parts old Material* thereof; and the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall have full Power and Autho-bc so,d-rity to sell and dispose of all or any Part of the old and useless Materials, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to purchase the same; and the Money arising therefrom shall be applied to such and the same Purposes as the Monies arising from the Rates and Assessments in and by this Act directed to be made are directed to be applied.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be law- Commissionersi ful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, and at all order Streets Times, when and so often as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper, to bc paTed*

to order and difeft all or any of the Pavements in the said Streets and Lanes now in being, or hereafter to be made, in the said Parish and Borough, or any Part or Parts thereof, as well those Parts used by Carriages as those used by Foot Passengers, to be taken up, and the said Streets and Lanes to be paved, relaid, repaired, raised, lowered, or altered, and also to be cleansed and freed from all Annoyances, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Incroachments whatsoever, and proper Drains to be made for conveying the Water under Ground, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall

522. C. io. Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

think proper; and the Person or Persons authorised or directed by them to do the same hath and have hereby full Power and Authority to do the same accordingly.

C mnr.iflionns

VIII. And be it further enadLd, That the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, may and lrder^toiU:rr9t'iey 2re hereby impowered to cause such and so many Glass Lamps to be erected in the said Streets and \Vj Lanes, and to fix so many of such Lamps as they shall think proper to any House or other Building, making good the Damage which shall be done thereto, and to appoint a competent Number of fit and A I0u2n.cs tob<* aMe-bo Jied Men, not exceeding Six, to watch and guard the said Streets and Lancs; and out of the to \\*tch- or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, to make such Allowances to such Watchmen for their Attendance, and to give such Orders and Directions concerning the Manner in which the said Watchmen shall be armed and itationed, and for the due and regular Performance of the said Service as they the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall judge reasonable and expedient; and from Time to Time to remove any of the said Watchmen, and to appoint others in their Stead.

For punirtiing

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully break, throw down, or otherwise Pcxfontbreakingc];image any of the Lamps which shall be erected by the said Commissioners, or any of the Polls, Irons, 4n^s* or other Furniture thereof, or shall extinguish any of the said Lamps,* it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the Borough of New IVlndfor, and he is hereby required upon Oath made of the Commission of any such Offence, to issue a Warrant for apprehending the Party accused, or it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall fee such Offence committed, to apprehend as also for any other Person or Persons to assist in apprehending the Offender, and determined by Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to deliver him or her into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the said Borough; and the Party accused being brought before any such Justice, such Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses, who shall appear or be produced to give Information touching such Offence; and if the Parry accused shall be tonvicled of such Offence, either determined by his or her own Confession, or upon Information as aforesaid, he or Sie so convicted shall, for the first Offence respectively, forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings for each Lamp so broken, thrown down, damaged, or extinguished as aforesaid; and for the second Offence the Sum of Fifteen Shillings for every such Lamp; and for the third and every subsequent Offence the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every such Lamp; and full Satisfaction shall also be made to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more or them, or to their Treasurer or Clerk, by such Offender or Offenders for the Damage so by him or her done; and in case such Offender shall not upon Conviction pay the Forfeiture by him or her incurred, and make such Satisfaction as aforesaid, the Justice before whom such Offender shall be convicted, is hereby required to commit him or her to the House of Correction or common Gaol for the said Borough, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months; and such Offender shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he or she shall be committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given; and One Moiety of the said respective Forfeitures when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety shall be applied as the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act are directed to be applied: And if any Person shall negligently or accidentally break, throw down, or otherwise da-m?ge any of the said Lamps, or any of the rolls, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, and shall not, upon Demand, make Satisfaction to the said Commissioners, or any F ive or more of them, or to their Treasurer or Clerk, for the Damage by such Person done as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said Borough, and he is hereby required, upon Complaint thereof made by any Five or more of the said Commissioners, or their Treasurer or Clerk, to summon the Party complained of; and upon his or her appearing, or making Default to appear (Oath being made that the Party complained of was served with such Summons, or that the same was left at his or her Dwelling-house or Place of Abode, if known, or that he or she could not be found) such Justice shall proceed to examine the Matter of the said Complaint, and upon Proof thereof, either by the Confession of the Party complained of, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall award and order such Satisfaction to be made to the Party complained of, for the Damage so by him or her done, as to such Justice shall appear jult and reasonable; and shall cause the Sum so awarded (in case the lame be not paid forthwith upon the making such Award or Order) to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person complained of, rendering to him or her upon Demand the Overplus (if any be) after the Charges of pro.* l'ecuting such Complaint and of such Distress and Sale shall be deducted.

Powfr to Com. X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or million-:!* to any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, to con-.ecoDtKtts. trad! with any Person or Persons for the paving, relaying, repairing, railing, lowering, amending, altering, cleansing, and lighting the said Streets and Lanes within the said Parish and Borough; which Cci'K tract or Contracts shall specify the Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the same, and the Time and Times when such Works shall be performed or compleated, and the Penalties to be suffered in case of Nonperformance thereof; and the same shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and by the Person or Persons contracting to perform such Works; and the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorised and empowered to pay such Sum or Sums of Money for such respective Works as they flvall Co contract and agree for, out of the Money rai cd Spr the Purposes of this Act.

XI. And,

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 10. 523

XI. And, for the defraying the Charges and Expences attending the Execution of the several Powers Powrr t* make provided for by this Act, be it further enacted, That from and after th:r Palling of this Act, One ormoreKatci,

Kite or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall, once in every Year, or oftener, if it shall be thought needful by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, be made, laid, and aflifild by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, upon all and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, afe, occupy, or enjoy any Land, House, Shop, Water-works, 'Foils, Wharfs, Ware-house>. Vaults, or other Tenements or Hereditaments within the fail Parish and Borough, in such Sunt and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall judge necessary, so as such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall not exceed in the Whole One Shilling in the Pound, in any One Year during the first three Years after the making of the first Rate or Assessment which shall be ma le by virtue of this Act; and from and after the Expiration of the said Three Years, no Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall exceed in the Whole Nine-pence in the Pound in any One Year and the said Rates and Assessments shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Commissioners, and shall be by them, or any Five or more of them, applied for the Purposes of this Abb.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall neg’cdl or refuse to pay the Sum On Nonpayment

or Sums of Money on him, her, or them, rated and assessed by virtue of this Act, for the Space of Ten01 Power

Days after Demand thereof made, either personally, or by Notice in Writing left upon the Premises fot0

rated and assessed, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Per-

ft'ns appointed to receive the said Rates or Assessments, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of Five or more of the said Commissioners (which Warrant the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to grant) by and with the Assistance of a Constable or Constables of the said Parish of New Windsor (who is hereby required to be aiding and assisting the rein) to enter into

any Part or Parts of the Premises occupied by the Person or Persons so rated and assessed, and to distrain

his, her, or their Goods and Chattels; which Dili refs the said Constable is h:reby authorised and required to keep Five Days; and if the Money, together with the Costs and Charges of such Distress, be not paid within the said Five Days after the making the said Distress, it shall and may be lawful for the said Constable to fell the said Goods and Chattels so distrained, and to apply the Money arising by such Sale in Payment of the said Rate or Assessment, together with all Costs and Charges attending the said Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus thereof (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such floods and Chattels, on Demand thereof being made by such Owner or Owners.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That when any Person or Persons shall come into or occupy any <Jue

House, Building, Land, or other Premises aforesaid, within the said Parish and Borough, out of or from p^ioni

which any other Person assessed towards Payment of any Rate or AflclTnent made by virtue of this Act, ne*vi0g fr«m)

shall have removed, every Person so removing from, and every Person so coming into or occupying such and by those who Premises, shall be liable to pay such Rate or Assessment, in proportion to the Time that each Person occupy the Preoccupied the same respectively: And in case any Person shall quit his or her House, Building, Land, m rcs*10 ProPor* or other Premises aforesaid, before he or file shall have paid any Rate or proportionable Part thereof, bytlon*

him or her due and payable, and shall afterwards refuse or neglect to pay the same, when demanded, it shall be lawful to and for the Collector or Collectors, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Person shall then reside or be found (which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby required to grant, upon due Proof thereof made before him or them upon Oath) to levy such Rate, or proportional Part thereof, by Distress and Sale of such Person’s Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overphs (if any be) on Demand, to the Person whose Goods and Chattels have been so distrained and fold, after all Charges paid.

be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall and may rate or alf fs the Landlord or Owner of any House, which shall he let to, or occupied by Two or more Tenants; and such Rate or AfLffinent shall be paid by One or more of the Occupiers of any Part or Parts of such House, who is and are hereby required to pay such Sum and Sums of Money, as shall be so rated or affiled upon such Landlord or Owner, in pursuance of this Act, and to deduct the same out of his, her, or their Rent; and the Occupier or Occupiers paying such Rate or Assessment, or any Part thereof, shall be acquitted and discharged of and for so much Money as he, she, or they shall have so laid, as if the same had been a.lually paid to the Landlord or Owner to whom his, her, or their Rent shall be due and payable; and every such Landlord or Owner is hereby required to aftow such Deduction upon Receipt’ of the Residue of his or her Rent: And in case any such Occupier or Occupiers shall refuse or neglect to pay such Rate or Assessment for the Space of Ten Days after Demand thereof made, the same shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, in the same Manner as il such Occupier or Occupiers had been respectively rated or assessed for fuc h House or Tenement.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Monies collected by virtue of this Act shall beLofl* W toke loft by Insolvency or otherwise, the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall and may maJe make an additional Rare or Assessment for supplying and making good such Deficiencies and the Charges occasioned by or on account of the same; winch Rate or Assessment shall be recovered in the same Manner

524 C. 10. Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

as the Rates or Assessments herein before directed to be made are to be recovered; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Per Tons not lia-

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons charged to the Rates or AflefL b*c t0R*y *ny0 ments to be made by virtue of this Act, shall not be charged, or liable to be charged, to any other Rate 1 cr alc* or Assessment whatsoever made or to be made for the paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, or watching, the Streets and Lanes within the said Parish and Borough of New fvindfor, or any of them.

For borrowing

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, Money. or aily Seven or more of them, from Time to Time, to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes of this Act, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds; and to assign over by Writing (without Stamps) signed by any Seven or more of the said Commissioners, all or any Part of the Rates and Assessments directed to be made by virtue of this Act, as a Security for the Repayment of the Principal and Interest of the Money to be borrowed; and such Security or Securities may, from Time to Time, be assigned and transferred by Indorsement or otherwise, withouc Stamps; and such Alignment or Assignments, or Transfer, shall intitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made to all Principal and Interest Money due and to grow due upon such Security or Securities. TopreventNui- XVIII. And, in order to prevent Annoyances and Obstructions in the said Streets and Lanes, be it fances by laying further enacted, That if any.rerson or Persons shall drive or place any Carriage whatsoever, or shall ride, Carria^s* (hnd leac*> drive, or place any Horse or Beast, or shall drive any Wheelbarrow", or shall run any Wheel, or ingfIn *the Road",draw any Sledge upon the Foot-pavement within the said Parish and Borough, or shall throw or lay, oc and Swine'at ’shall permit or suffer to be thrown or laid, any Allies, Dirt, Dust, Soil, Straw, Fern, Duiu, or any large about the Filth or Annoyance whatsoever, either upon the Carriage or Foot-pavements in any of the said Streets Sirceu* and Lanes within the said Parish and Borough, or shall carelessly or wilfully break or damage the said Pavements, or shall set out or leave, or cause or procure to be set out or left, any Carriage, Timber, Stone, Cask, or any other Matter or Thing which may occasion any Annoyance, Nuisance or Obstruction whatsoever, in any of the said Streets and Lanes, so as to flop, obstruct, incommode, or endanger* any Person or Carriage parting the rein; or shall permit or suffer his or her Swine to go at large in any Street, Lane, or publick Place, within the said ParHh and Borough; or shall take or carry away the Dirt, Filth, or Rubbish, which shall be in any of the said Streets or Lanes, unless for that Purpose appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and shall be thereof convicted before the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, upon the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, which Oath the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, are hereby impowered to administer; every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, the Sum of Ten Shillings; and in case the same shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, by Warrant under their Hanas and Seals, to cause the said Forfeiture to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons, rendering the Overplus, if any be, when demanded, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold/ after deducting the said Forfeiture and the Charges of such Distress and Sale; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be round to answer the said Forfeiture and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice or Justices of the Peace in and for the said Borough, and he and they is and are hereby required, upon Complaint thereof made by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to cause the Persons so offending to be committed to the House of Correction or Common Gaol for the said Borough for the Space of One Month, unless such Forfeiture and such Charges, if any shall have arisen, shall be sooner paid.

Owners of Hcu-

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Owner or Owners of any House, Shop, Warehouse, fes to carry off or other Building whatsoever, now adjoining or contiguous to, or which shall adjoin or be contiguous Pio^ulcSidl^to’ any t^ie ^treets or Lanes within the said Parish and Borough, shall not at their own Costs and

ofrtUHou(eslCharges, within One Month next after Notice in Writing shall be given to them respectively, or left at

such House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building, under the Hands of any Five or more of the said Commissioners cause all Water to be conveyed from the Roofs, Eaves, Cornices, and Pemhouses, of his or her House, Shop, Warehouse, and other Building respectively, and so into the common Channels or Drains by proper and sufficient Pipes or Trunks to be fixed to the Sides of such House, Shop, Warehouse, and other Building respectively, in such Manner as in such Notice shall be expressed cr directed, or otherwise shall not, after such Notice as aforesaid, cause all Water to be conveyed from the Roofs, Eaves, Cornices, and Penthouses, of such House, Shop, Warehouse, and other Building respectively as aforesaid, into their own respective private Grounds, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any

Five oi' more of them, to cause the same to be done, and to levy or cause to be levied the Costs and

Charges attending the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Owner, Tenant, or Occupier, of such House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building, rendering the Overplus, if any be, when demanded, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold; or it shall be lawful for such Tenant or Occupier to fix up such Pipes and Trunks, and to deduct and retain the Charges and Expences thereof, and also of any Money which shall or may be levied upon the Goods and Chattels of any such Tenant or Occupier as aforesaid, out of his or her Rent; and every Owner, Proprietor, or Landlord, i» hereby required to allow the same accordingly.

XX. And,

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. io. 525

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times after No Person to tithe passing of this Act, make, or cause to be made, any alteration in the Form of the Pavement of any the P*e-Street or Lane within the said Parish and Borough, or any Incroachment therein, without the Consentnaenu

and Approbation of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, the Person or Persons making or causing the same to be made shall, at his or their own Costs and Charges, within Fourteen Days after Notice given for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, remove or take away the same, and put such Part of the said Street or Lane, where the same shall have been made, in the same Form and Condition it was before the making the said Alteration or Incroachment:

And in case of his, her, or their Neglectc or Refafal so to do within such Time as aforesaid, then the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall and may order any proper Workman or Workmen to reform the same Alteration or Incroachment, and put the said Part of the said Street or Lane in the same Form and Condition it was before, and, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Five or more of the said Commissioners, to levy or cause to be levied the Costs and Charges attending the same, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who made or caused to be made such Alteration or Incroachment, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale; rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold, when demanded.

XXI. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any FiveL^ave to inc'ofV or more of them, or the Surveyor or Surveyors, by Writing urider his or their Hand or Hands, to give^"^011^ Liberty and Licence to any of the Proprietors and Inhabitants within the said Parish and Borough, or their"j^’ng*n* Qr Builders, or Workmen, to make such Inclosure before their respective Houses, in order to their pulling

down, rebuilding, or repairing the same, or any Vault, Drain, or Building belonging thereto, and for laying the necessary Materials for the same, and the Rubbish arising therefrom; and no Person or Persons aaing under such Licence and in pursuance thereof shall, during the Time thereby to be limited,-be fub-je£l or liable to any of the Penalties aforesaid.

XXII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall ex-Not to prejudice tend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice the Mayor and Corporation of New Windsor aforesaid, in

any of their Estates or Possessions, or to take from them, or leilen any Income, Rent, or Rents reserved,0 iVcW ,tnJar‘ due, or payable to them, and their Successors, by virtue of, or under any Grant or Charter, for any Vaults, Cellars, or other such their Estates or roffessions, within the Parish and Borough aforesaid, except in the Instances herein before mentioned*

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Owner or Occupier of any House, Shop, Ware-P°we* * tike house, or other Building, in the said Parish or Borough, to which any Signs, Sign-irons, Sign-Pods, ordown Sl*n,» any other Pods, Penthouses, Spouts, Steps, Cellar-windows, and Doors going into Cellars, Shop-windows, or other Incroachments upon the said Streets and Lanes, or any of them, now or may hereafter belong, shall not at their own Costs and Charges, within Fourteen Days after Notice in Writing shall be given to them respectively, or left at their respective Dwelling-houses, under the Hands of any f ive or more of the said Commissioners, remove all such Signs, Sign-irons, Sign-posts, and other Pods, Penthouses, Spouts, Steps, Cellar-windows, and Doors going into Cellars, Shop-windows, *or other Incroachments, or otherwise alter and reform the same, in such Manner as in such Notice shall be expressed or directed, it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to cause the same to be done, and to levy or cause to be levied the Costs and Charges attending the same, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Occupier, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus, if any be, when demanded, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold*

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Part or Parts of the Pavements in the Streets and Lanes ownm of Wt. within the said Parish and Borough shall be taken up, injured, or damaged, by any Agent, Servant, or ter-work« to rc-Person employed by the Owner or Owners of any Water-works, or shall be otherwise damaged by reason Pair Damase of the bursting or breaking of any Pipe or Pipes, the same shall with all convenient Speed be repaired by *,avcmenu* the Pavior employed by the said Commissioners; and the Expence attending such Repairs shall be paid to

the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or to their Treasurer, or to such other Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose appoint; and shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, in the Name or Names of any One or more of the said Commissioners, or in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, ' or any Five or more of them, to compound and agree with the Owner or Owners of any such Waterworks, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Foot or other Measure, as to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall seem reasonable, in lieu and in (lead of relaying or repairing such Part or Parts of the said Pavements as shall or may be neceflury to be taken up by the Workmen of the Owners of the said Works.

XXV. And whereas the passing and repassing of His Majesty's Subjects through a Street called ThamesPfmlty on

‘ Street, within the said Parish anil Borough,' is at present greatly incommoded and rendered dangerous ,r*» any

by Horses and Men coming into and across the said Street at the Time they are haling or drawing Boats ®^j.f 4 and Barges up the River Tha?hes: For Remedy whereof/ be it further enacted, That if any Person orstrret with Hot-Persons shall lead, ride, or drive, into or across the said Street, any Horse or Horses haling or drawing fe*. any Boat or Barge up the River Thames', the Owner or Owners of such Horses shall forfeit and lose One

L.

526 G 10.

Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

of the said H rfes, with all Geers, Halters, and Accoutrements; and it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to seise and restrain the same; and the Person or Persons so seising and distraining such Horse, Geers, Halters, and Accoutrements, shall, within Six Hours after such Seifing, deliver the same into the Custody of a Constable of the said parish of New Windsor, who is hereby required to keep such Horse, Geers, Halters, and Accoutrements, until Proof upon Oath shall be made of such Offence before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Borough of New Windsor (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered to administer); and upon such Proof being made of the Offence committed within Two Days after the committing thereof, the said Justice or Justices (hill, and he or they is and are hereby required to order and cause the said Horse, Geers, Halters, and Accoutrements, to be delivered to the Person or Persons so seising and restraining the same, to and for his and their own proper Use and Benefit, paying to the said Constable such Charges for the keeping of the said Horse, Geers, Halters, and Accoutrements, as to the said Justice or Justices shall appear reasonable: Anil if any Person or Persons shall, while haling or drawing any Boat or Barge up the said River, pass along or across the said Street called Thames Street, the Owner or Owners of such Boat or Barge shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings.

Penary on ob.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times hereafter strufhruthcEx obstruift, hinder, or molest, any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers, Person or Persons 01 °* lhlS w^a f°cvcr> who are or shall be employed to put this Act in Execution, in the Performance or Execution of his or their Duty; every such Person and Persons so offending shall, for every such OtFence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings, power of lcvy’ng

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed and incur-Penalues. rcJ ^for t)ic Recovery and Application whereof no particular Method is already directed) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Borough of New JVmdpr, which Warrant the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to issue upon the Information of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward]: And such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any,) when demanded, to the Person or Persons whose Goods or Chattels shall be so distrained and fold, the Charges of such Di ft refs and Sale being first deducted, shall go and be applied for such of the Purposes of this Act as the said Commissionmers, or any Five or more" of them, shall think fit: And in all Actions, Prosecutions, Information?, Caufts, and Proceedings whatsoever, relating to and concerning the Execution of this Act, any Inhabitant within the said Parish and Borough may and shall be admitted to give Evidence, the Rate or Assessment charged as aforesaid upon any such Inhabitant by virtue hereof notwithstanding.

Persons aggrieved

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himfjf, Qu? *alTerfel f, or themselve^, aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no pirtions. :lb cular Method of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person or Persons may, within three Months

after the Cause of Appeal shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Section of the Peace to be holden for the County of Berks, such Appellant or Appellants first giving, or eaufing to be given, Twenty-one Days Notice at least in Writing of his, her, or their Intention te bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners; and within Two Days after such Notice enter into Recognizance before feme Justice of the Peace for the said Borough of New Windsor 9 with Two finffeient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal at and abide the Order of the Court, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions; and the fail Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice bein°; giv.n, and of the entering into such Recognizance as aforesaid, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Party or Parties appealing or appealed against: as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions shall be binding, final, an 1 conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes.

D'.stress not iiie-

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be ma !e for any Sum or Sums of tp for wan; of Money to be hvied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Part/ *onn. or Pi ties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or TrefnalTers on account of any Default or Want of

Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Tref-pafier or Trespassers ab initio, on a count of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Parry or Parties didraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action on the Case.

XXX. P rov.ded always. That no Plainti(F or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any such Irregularity, Trespass, or other Proceeding, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, any such Irregularity, Tref-pass, or wrongful Proceeding, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants, in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before I flue joined, to pay into Court fudi Sum of Money as he or they shall see fit; whereupon such Proceedings, or Orders and Judgments, shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is called to pay Money into Court.

Povver to ttnder Amends.

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 10, rr. 527

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Act or Order of the said Commissioners, wirh respect to No Aa of c^m-paving, repairing, cleaning, lighting, and watching the Streets and Lanes within the said Parish and ‘K°nets hgai Borough, shall be valid, unless done or made at foire publick Meeting; and every such Act and Order w*

so nude, shall be entered in a Book to be for that Purpose kept by the Treasurer cr Clerk to the said *ceting* Commissioners; which said Book, and all other Books and Entries relating to, or which otherwise con- Entne* to' cern or contain any Account or Accounts relative to, the Purposes of this Act, shall be produced at every publick Meeting; to the End that all or any of the Inhabitants of the said Parish and Borough may,.iu»Vd at Meet-if they think proper, inspect the same without Fee or Reward. inrs.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any NXonvift'cn *0 Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be done or be qmflyd for transacted in or relating to the Execution of this Act, Avail he vacated or quashed for want of Form, or wanto‘rmoor be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courtsremovc

of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor and Mayor, &r. rmy-Justice of the Peace for the Borough of New Windsor to act, as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of*1*as Jufllccs* this Act, notwithstanding their being appointed Commissioners.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Lunation of Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until Twenty-one Days Notice shall be thereof AdlLns* riven in Writing to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Commissioners, or after Six Months next after the

raff committed for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and every such Action shall be brought, laid, and tried in the County of Berts, and not elsewhere; and that the Defendant or Defendants in such Actions and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General Issue, and giva General this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought, was done in Pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to be so done; or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid; or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid, in any other County then as aforesaid; then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and if a Verdict or Verdicts shall be Lund for such Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become Nonfuired, or fuller a Dif-continuance of such Action or Actions, or if, upon any Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Actions, Judgment shall be given for ^he Defendant or Defendants therein; then, and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for Treble Curti. recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his* her, or their Costs in any other Cases at Law.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this AftE*p«* of p»f-

shall be paid out of the First Monies to be raised by the Rates or Assessments to be collected by virtue Dfr,n* lhl*.^bov* this Act, or the Money to be borrowed upon the Credit thereof. 10 c pai

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act - Publick Act* and shall be judiciously taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons without fpccl-a!ly pleading the same*

CAP. XT.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act made in the Seventh anj Eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act to encourage the bringing Plate into the Adint to hi coined, and for the further remedying the ill Slate of the Coin of the Kingdom, as retrains any Person keeping an Inn, Tavern, Alehouse, or Victualling-house, or felling Wine, Ale,

Beer, or any other Liquors, by Retail, from publickly using any wrought or manufactured Plate, or any Utensil or Vessel thereof, except Spoons-, and for putiing an End to Prosecutions commenced for Offences against such Part of the said Act-

HER EA S by an Act made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty Preamble, mits.

King William the T hird, intituled, An Act to encourage the bringing Plate in!o the Mint to be coined, ingCUute m Act and for the further remedyng the HI State of the Coin of the Kingdom, it was enacted, That from and 7 s 8 Wni* 11 4 after the Fourth Day of May, which should be in the Year of our Lord One thousand fix hundredC’

4 2nd ninety-six, no Person keeping any Inn, Tavern, Alehouse, or Vifttialing-house, or felling Wine,

Ale, Beer, or any other Liquors, by Retail, should publickly use, or expose to be used, in such hb cr her House, any wrought or manufactured Plate whatsoever, or any Utensil or Vessel thereof (except Spoons) under the Penalty of forfeiting the same, or the full Value thereof, together with full Colls of Suit, to him, her, or them, w ho should fuc for the fiur.e: And whereas the said Rcilriftion hath been

l ' 4 found.

528 C. ir, i2,13*

Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

c found very inconvenient, and is productive of many frivolous and vexatious Suits, and is also detri-,

mental to the Revenue: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

XeM of so That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said Act as restrains any Person keeping any

uch °^thereTnn, Tavern, Alehouse, or Victualing house, or felling Wine, Ale, Beer, or any other Liquors, by

nrainsAian1«tT-^eta^’ from Prickly using, or exposing to be used, in such his or her House, any wrought or manu-ers and others^factured Plate whatsoever, or any Utensil or Vessel thereof, shall be and is hereby repealed and made void from publickly to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

using wrought or manufactured Plate.

Inf! emnification

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons what-

«f Persons sued soever, against whom any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, hath been brought in any of His fm ed"b !o Majesty's Courts of Records at Westminster, for any Penalty incurred by Reason of the said Act of King

oi the said A?[on ^l^iarn the Third, for having publickly used, or exposed to be used, in his, her, or their House, any

' wrought or manufactured Plate whatsoever, or any Utensil or Vessel thereof, shall be, and is and are hereby indemnified, freed, apd discharged, from and against all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred for or by reason of having publickly used, or exposed to be used. In his, her, or their House, any wrought or

manufactured Plate whatsoever, or any Utensil or Vessel thereof; any Thing in the said Act of King William the Third contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. they paying such

III. Provided always, That all Costs incurred in prosecuting and carrying on any such Action of Debt, Costs of suit a« Plaint, or Information, shall be borne and discharged by the Person or Persons against whom any have been incur. such Action of Debt> Bi)1> p]aint? or Information, hath been brought.

except in Case*

IV. Provided also, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to where final extend, to indemnify any Person against whom final Judgment shall have been given in any Action of Judgement shall Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, for any Penalty or For* d^obt^nedfor" ^c*turc incurred by reason of the said Act of King William the Third, for having publickly used, or ex-the°PMi!tv or posed to be used, in his, her, or their House, any wrought or manufactured Plate whatsoever, or any X‘ Utensil or Vessel thereof.

Persona sued may V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint, Gene-°r Information, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be brought, carried on, or prosecuted, against ft ue# any Person or Persons hereby meant or intended to be indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by reason of the said Act of King William the Third, for or on account of having publickly used, or exposed to be used, in his, her, or their House, any wrought or manufactured Plate whatsoever, or any Utensil or Vessel thereof, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue; and, upon their Defence, give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon.

CAP. XII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and to indemnify Members, and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been damped, have been loft or millaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped. EXP,

CAP. XIII.

An Act for the better Paving, Clear.sing, Lighting, and Watching, the Liberty of Saint Martin Le Grand, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex\ and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

Tfcinbtti

Commission fcm

WHEREAS the Liberty of Saint Martin Le Grand, in the County of Middlesex, is an ancient Liberty, and is at present not properly cleansed, lighted, or watched, and is subject to Obstructions and other Annoyances: And whereas it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Liberty, and to all Persons having Estates therein, if proper Persons were appointed Commissioners, with Powert to cauft the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places uith* in the same, to be properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and all Obstructiorts and Annoyances, therein removed and prevented for the future; but the fgveral Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Dean of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter Westminster, for the Time be»ng* the High Stewad and Deputy Steward of the City and Libe-uy of Westminster and Liberty of Saint Alartin Le Grand for the Time being; such Justices of the Peace for the City and Liberty of We/lminjhr for the Time being as reside within the said Liberty of Saint Marlin Le Grand, and the Headboroughs of the said Liberty of Saint Martin Le Grand for the Time being; together with George Johnston Esquire,

3 Charles

A.D. 1y6g. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 13. 529

Charles Maynard, John Cooper, Thomas Whitf ord, Joseph Clare, John Dtiffin, Edward Aldridge, and 7/7-L/w Smithy Gentlemen, Inhabitants and Householders of the said Liberty of <SV?.7i/ Men tin Ce Grand, and their Successors, to beelefled and appointed in Manner herein after mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting in Execution fill the Powers and Authorities in and by t^his Act given and granted.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Person (other than the said Dean, High Steward, Deputyf;on Gf Steward, and Headboroughs and Justices) shall be capable of adding as a Commissioner in the Execution *--n uuiiijncii, of this Act, itnIds he shall be in his own Right, or in Right of his Wife, in the adhial Possession, Enjoyment, or Receipt, of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear

yearly Value of Twenty Pounds: or possessed of a Personal Kit ate to the Amount or Value of Five hundred Pounds: And if any Person hereby deemed unqualified or incapable to ail, Hull nevertheless presume to act, contrary to the Intent and Meaning hereof, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, ierfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall lue for the same; to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at ll'efimirjhr, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, wherein no Eitbin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed;

nd the Person lo lued shall nrove that he was so qualified at the Time of his adiing as a Commissioner, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor, than ti»at such Person hath adled as a Commissioner in the Execution of this AdL

III. Provided always, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution C'omm'frior? of this Act, duiing the Time he shall hold any Office under the said Commissioners, or during the Time"0*10

he shall enter into, be engaged in, or have the Benefit of, any Contract, or any Share or Interest in any 01 l'lwfK#

Contract relating to the Execution of any of the Powers of this act. "

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Five Tim? 3na ph<* or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and required to meet at the Court-house of Fin* Meet ing on the Day Fortnight next after the passing of this Act, and to proceed to the Execution of t#»is Ad;

and may then, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn themselves, and meet at the Place aforesaid, n or at such other Place or Places within the said Liberty of Saint Martin le Gready as often as they the Lid Commissioners, or any F ive or more of them, shall think proper or convenient for putting this Act in Execution; and the said Commissioners at all their Meetings shall bear their own Expences. '

V. Provided always, That Two Commissioners shall be sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only: And How Meetfnn ifatany Time Two Commissioners shall not meet, then the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall and may l‘111 bcaJjoum* adjourn any such Meeting; but no Adjournment of any Meeting whatsoever lhr.ll be made for any longerClJ*

bpacc of Time than Twenty-eight Days: And in case it shall happen that either the Commissioners or their Clerk shall refuse or neglect to make any Adjournment, or shall make an Adjournment for any Ksnger Space of Time than Twenty-eight Days, that then, and in either of the Cases aforesaid, any the or more of the said Commissioners shall and may, by publick Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed upon the Door of the Court-house for the said Liberty, appoint the said Commissioners to meet at the Place where the lull Meeting was held, or at any other House or Place within the said Liberty, at any Time not less than Three Days, nor more than Six Days next after any such Notice or Notices shall be given as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall and may meet accordingly at the Lime and Place mentioned in the said Notice, and proceed to the Execution or this Act.

VI. And, for continuing a sufficient Number of Commissioners to carry this Act into Execution, be it Mstbed cf rJcfc-further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Inhabitant House-holders of the said Liberty, who ,n£ Curmmilid-have paid up their Rates to the 'Michaelmas then preceding, are hereby authorised and required to meet atner5‘

the Court-house for the said Liberty upon Saint Thomas's Day, and so in every succeeding Year; at which Time, the Clerk to tha laid Commissioners shall write the Names of such of the Commissioners who shall be then living (except the Names of the said Dean, High Steward, Deputy Steward, Headborough% and Justices) on di iin6t Pieces of Paper or Parchment, of equal Size and Colour, and roll up the same Epararev, and as near as may be in the same Manner, and shall then put them into a Box or Glass, hom whence some indifferent Person shall draw out Four of the said Rolls, or such Number as shall reduce the whole Number of Rolls contained in the said Box or Glai's to Four, and the Names of the said Commissioners so drawm shall then be read aloud by the said Clerk; and such Commissioners, whole Names lffidl be so drawn, shall then go out of Office, except they shall be re-elected by the said Inhabitants; who are immediately to proceed to elect Four Persons, being Inhabitant Householders within the hid Liberty, in order to make up the Number of Eight Commissioners, exclusive of the said Dean, High Steward, Deputy Steward, Headboroughs, and Tultices; and the Commissioners so to be eleited shall be j 1 with the remaining Commissioners, and shall have the samePow'er and Authority with them to act in :r.:- Executi n of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the Commissioners (rx- Forcboofinf mw cept as before excepted) shall die, or shall be disabled from acting as a Commissioner by virtue of this Con,m‘lIioiitr5# Ad, it shall and may be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners, or any Five or more of

them, alien doled at the next Meeting which shall be held by virtue of this Act, to el:ct and appoint One or rrmre Commissioner or Commissioners, qualified as aforesaid, in the Room of such Commissioner or Commissioners dying or disabled to act as aforesaid; and such Commissioner or Commissioners, so

53 C. 13. Anno nono GEORGII III. A.D. 1769.

etcfted and appointed, shall be joined with the other Commissioners, and have the like Power and Authority m all Respects whatsoever with them to act in the Execution of this Act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any of the Commissioners (except the said Dean, High Steward and his Deputy, Headboroughs, or Justices) shall cease to be Householders within the said Liberty, such Person shall from thenceforth be disabled from acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, and another Commissioner shall be chosen in his Room in like Manner as Commissioners are herein before directed to be chosen.

Commissioners JX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them (the said roaynu cRuics, j)ean^ High Steward, or his Deputy, having Six Days Notice at the lead) shall and may, from Time to Time, at any of their Meetings, make such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, as to them or the major Part of them present at any such Meeting shall appear necessary for the better and more effectual carrying this Act into Execution.

Orden may be X. Provided always, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them (the said Dean, revoked. High Steward, or his Deputy, having Six Days Notice thereof) at any of their Meetings, may revoke, vary, alter, or make void, any such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, in such Manner as they, or any Seven or more of them, shall find necessary and proper: And at every Meeting of the said Commissioners No Act valid, to be held by virtue of this Act, the Powers and Authorities hereby granted mail be carried into Execu-un‘(r Vm* l*on bY the maJor f*art of the Commissioners present; and no Act or Order of the said Commissioners pubic* cctint-ft^ii be valid unless done or made at some publick Meeting to be held in pursuance and according to the Directions of this Act.

Proceedingstobc

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall cause entered ia a to be provided and kept proper Books, wherein the several Meetings, and the Names of the said Commissioners attending such Meetings, and the Nomination of all Officers and Persons who shall be employed in the Execution of this Act, and all Rules, Orders, and other Proceedings of the said Commissioners, at such Meetings, shall from Time to Time, be fairly written and entered by their Clerk, who shall subscribe his Name at the End of the Proceedings of every such Meeting, and all such Entries so signed shall be deemed Originals, and shall be admitted to be read in Evidence in all causes, Suits, and Actions, touching any thing done in pursuance or by the Authority of this Act; and all such Books shall, at every Meeting of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, be liable to the Inspection of any Person rated and paying to the Rates or Assessments which shall be made by virtue of this Act: And the Commissioners said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may, at their First and at any subsequent to appoint Offi Meeting, nominate and appoint, under their Hands, in the Book wherein the Proceedings of the said cersj Commissioners shall from Time to Time be entered. One Person to be Clerk to the said Commissioners,

One other Person to be Treasurer of all the Monies to be raised or received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, One or more Person or Persons to be Collector or Collectors of the said Monies, and One other Person to act as Beadle, who shall also be Inspector to the said Commissioners: And it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, when and as often as any Vacancy shall happen in all or any of the said Offices, to nominate and appoint, under their Hands, in the said Book, such other Person or Persons to be Clerk, Treasurer, Collector, Beadle, or and remove Inspector, or any of them, as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to

oiniothers. Time think proper; And the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may, at any

f publick Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, remove or displace all or any of the said Officers,

and nominate and appoint, under their Hands, in the said Book, such other Person or Persons, in the Room of him or them so removed or displaced, as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper; provided Notice in Writing of the Intention to remove or displace such Officer or Officers at such Meeting, and to appoint One or more Person or Persons in his or their Room, be affixed TreaWr to give upon the Court-house for the said Liberty Six Days at lead before such Meeting: And the said Commis-Srcurity. sioners, or any Five orjnore of them, shall and may, and they are hereby required to take such Security

Commissioners from Time to Time for the due Execution of the said Offices respectively, as they shall think proper:

Saiar^r °ffiCCr* the Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, may and are hereby impowered, out of the anes* Monies to be collected or received by virtue of this Act, to make such Allowances to the Clerk, Collector and Beadle, for the Time being, as to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall seem reasonable; but no Allowance shall be made to the Treasurer for his Care or Trouble in executing Officers to tc- his Office as Treasurer: And every Officer to be appointed in or by virtue of this Act shall, under his

*ouat upouOath. Hand, at such Time and Times, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of

them, shall direct, deliver to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to his Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all the Monies which shall have been by him received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed by Order of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments; and shall pay all such. Monies as (halt remain in his Hands to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time order, direct, or appoint; and every

Officer, accounting as aforesaid, shall verify his Account upon Oath, if required so to do by any Five *r more of the said Commissioners, which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby unpowered s to

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 13. 531

to administer: And if any such Officer shall not make and render such Account as aforesaid, or shall re-officers rCfufin6 fuse to verify any such Account as aforesaid upon Oath, or to produce and deliver up all the Voucherstoaccount* relating to the lame, or to make Payment as aforesaid; then, and in all or any of the Cases aforesaid, ai(;etoen ire any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Westminster, or for the/Btot|!.Default, County of Middlesex, upon Complaint thereof made to him or them by the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, is and are hereby authorised and required to issue a Summons under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, requiring such Officer or Officers, so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, to appear before him or them at such Time and Place as shall in such Summons be appointed (which Summons shall be directed to and served by the Constable, or some oth^r Peace Officer for the said Liberty of Saint Martin Le Grand, by giving it to such Officer, or leaving it at his House or usual Place of Abode); and upon such Officer’s appearing, or making Default to appear, or in case he shall not be found? that then, and in any of the Cases aforesaid, the said Justice or Justices shall and may hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer) it shall appear to such Justice or Justices that any of the Monies, which shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act, shall be in the Hands of such Officer, such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and required, upon Nonpayment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, er Hands and Seals, to be directed as aforesaid, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer; and if the Goods and Chattels of such Officer shall not be sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and fellirg the same, such comnt tke Justice or Justices shall commit such Offender to the common Gaol of the City and Liberty of Westmin- t)^nd£r,

Jitry or of the County of Middlesex, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Pay-ontjlPa me ment as aforesaid, or until he (Hall have compounded with the said Commissioners, or any Five or more compo^tum" of them, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint; which Com position made, the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby impowered to make.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Five Commissioners or more of them, may cause all or any of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Paf-street# to be pa*-sages, and Places, within the said Liberty of Saint Martin Le Grand, to be new paved or repaired when cd, and as oftem and in such Manner and Form, and with such Materials, as they shall think fit, (the Carriage and Foot-ways in the main Street being always laid with Stones of a flat Surface); and for such Purposes may, from Time to Time, cause to be dug, carted, and carried out of or brought into the same, or any of them, such Gravel, Stones, or other Materials, as they shall judge necessary; and may like-wife cause the Ground thereof to be raised or lowered, the Course of the Channels running in or through the same to be turned or altered, and the Water-pipes, which now lie or hereafter shall be laid under Ground, to be taken up or new laid in such Places, Manner, and Form, as they ths said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; and shall and are hereby required to cause such Posts as they shall think useless or inconvenient to be taken up and removed, and likewise all Steps, Bulks, Shew- glades, and Shew-boards, incroaching upon the loot-ways, as also Steps and Doors opening ©rleading from the Foot-ways into Vaults, or Cellars, to be removed or altered; and shall cause all Signs and take dow* or other Emblems used to denote the Trade, Occupation, or Calling, of any Person or Persons, Sign-Si?ns> and re* posts. Sign-irons, Penthouses, Shew-boards, Spouts, and Gutters, projecting into any of the said Streets, move Anno>'an* Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, or Places, and all other Encroachments, Projections, ce,r and Annoyances whatsoever, within the said Liberty, to be taken down and removed; and shall cause all Signs or other Emblems as aforesaid, Shew-boards and Gutters, to be affixed or placed on the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings, whereunto they respectively belong, or were before affixed, and not otherwise; and shall return or cause to be returned to the respective Owners thereof so much of such Signs qr other Emblems, Sign-posts or other Posts, Sign-irons, Shew-boards, Spouts, and Gutters, as shall not be affixed or put up, or otherwise made use of in the Alterations directed by this Act; and that for the future all Signs, Sign-boards, and Gutters, shall be placed or fixed on the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings, to which they respectively belong, and not otherwise: And if any Person or Persons shall at any Time hereafter hang, place, erect, or build, any Sign, Sign-post, or other Post, Sign-iron, Penthouse, Shew-board, Spout, Gutter, or other Projection,

Obstruction, or Annoyance, or cause the same to be done, contrary to the Direction aforesaid; every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, and the further Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Day such Offence shall continue.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall for the future carry, run, drive, For preventing draw, or cause to be carried, run, driven, or drawn, on any of the Foot-pavements within the said Li-Inte, ril?tio,i‘ bprty, any Bier, or any Wheel or Wheels, SlcJge, Wheel-barrow, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the shall wilfully ride, lead, or drive any Horse^ Ass, Mule, or other Cattle, or any Coach or other Carriage whatsoever, upon any Part of the said Foot-pavements; then and in any of the said cases, and as often as they or any of them shall happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall fee any such Offence committed, to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing, such Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Act, and without any fciher Warrant, to convey or deliver him, her, or them, into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order

Y y y 2 f

ooie

53* C. 13.

Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

to be conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Westminster, or for the County of Middlesex^ and the Party or Parties accused being brought before him, such Justice {hill

fn nvciminp imrvn I li d ntr i*nr»so a r Y\T IfA/iHcc nnnBoc t/-» Kr» nc/v^u ..I.... T

Names of the Streets to be written on he Sides of the Houses.

and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings for the First Time of offending, the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Second Time of offending, and the Sum of Forty Shillings for the Third and every other Time of offend in ff.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall and may cause to be painted, engraved, or described in Stone, or otherwise, and to be affixed in a conspicu-oua Part of One or more House or Houses, Building or Buildings, at or near each Knd, Corner, or Entrance of all the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, or Places, the Name by which each Street, Lane, Square, Yard, Court, Alley* Palliigc, or Place is properly or usually called or known; and may also cause every House, Shop, or Warehouse, in each of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, or Places, to be marked or numbered in such Manner as they shall judg/r moit proper for distinguishing the same; and if any Person or Persons shul! wilfully or maliciously destroy, pulldown, obliterate, or deface any such Names, Descriptions, Marks, or Numbers, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, every Person so offending shall for evety Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings.

Favpment«not to XV, And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall, without Authority from the Li A bcalrtr vwii.'-oui Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, alter, or cause to be altered, the Form of the Pavement of Com* nr of the any of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Paffiges, and Places, which shall be Commissionris. new paved or repaired by ‘he said Commissioners, or in any way incroach thereon, upon pain that every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, over and above the Expence of relaying or rcinlfating the same according to the Directions of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them; the said Forfeitures and Expences to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, in the Name of any Three or more of the said Commissioners, or in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being, to be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after such Offence shall be committed; in which AiStion or Suit, no Protection, Essoin, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

Uoon Comihint,

XVI. And be it further enacted, That after the Expiration of Twelve Calendar Months next after Coromiffioir-rstothe passing of this Act, if any Two Housekeepers within the said Liberty shall make Complaint in Writ-repairPavcmefits. j^g under their Hands to the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, of any DeffCt or Want of Repair in any of the Pavements in any of the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, or Places, either before or after the fiime shall have been new paved or repaired by virtue of this Act, Iff eViB’nfi^cn and *n every such Gate the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall forthwith cause are broke tn v/a- the Pavement so complained of to be inflected by a Surveyor; and if the same shall by him be found dc-fer-piprs, the fective, and so reported to be to the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, unless such defeat shall appear to arise from a Defeat in the Water-pipes laying under such Pavement, they, the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall forthwith give Orders to their Contractor or Contractors, Pavior or Paviors, to repair the same; and if such Contractor or Pavior shall not, within Four Days next after the Receipt thereof, repair the said defective Pavement, then, and in every such Case, the said Contractor or Pavior shall forfeit and Pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Day that the said defective Pavement shall remain unrepaired after the Expiration of the said Four Days.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Pipe or Pipes, belonging to any of berst, Noticeftal] the Water Companies, which now lie or hereafter shall be laid under Ground in any of the said Streets, be given to the Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, or Places, shall happen to break, burlt, or decay, so

Water as to require Reparation; the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of therm, or their Surveyor for

"F the Time being, or such other Person or Persons as they, or any Three or more of them, shall appoint

for that Purpose, shall forthwith give or cause to be given Notice thereof in Writing to the Pavior of the

Water Company to whom he apprehends the said Pipe or Pipes belong, who is hereby required to take up the said Pavement, and open the Ground at or near the Mace where such Heparation shall appear to be wanting; and if the said Pavior shall, upon taking up the Pavement and opening feu h Ground, discover that the Pipe or Pipes so broken, burst, or decayed, does not or do not belong to the said Water Company whose Pavior he is, then, and in every such Case, he shall forthwith give or cause to be given Notice thereof in Writing to the Pavior of the Company to whom the said Pipe or ipes shall appear to belong; in which Case such last mentioned Pavior is hereby required upon Demand, to make Satisfaction for the taking tip such Pavement, and opening such Ground, to the Pavior giving Notice as aforesaid;

fetch Water Company, to whom such Pipe or Pipes shall belong, is hereby required to be said Pipe or Pints to be repaired, and af.crwards to fill up the said Ground, and to mm down the same, within Two Days next after such Notice to him given; and as soon as such Pipe or Pipes Avail have ben so repaired, and the Ground so filled up and rammed down, he ih 11 give or cause lo be given Notice in Wiitfeg to the Pavior or Contractor for the Time being of the said Commissioners;

and

Company to aiake it good,

Tf Wa'er pirvs

and the Pavior of cause or procure the

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III.

C.

J3-

533

and if rhc Pavior of any of the said Water Companies to or for whom such Notice shall be given, or left at his hit Place of Abode, shall, for the Spice of Two Days next after the giving or leaving such Notice as aforesaid, refuse or neglect to take up such Pavement and open such Ground; or if, upon discovering that the Pipe or Pipes so broken, burst, or decayed, doth not, or do not belong to the Company whole Pavior he is, he shall refuse or neglect to give immediate Notice thereof in Writing to the Pavior of the Company to whom the said Pipe or Pipes doth or do belong; or if the Pavior of the Water Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes belong shall, for the Space of Two Days next after such Notice given to him, or left at his last: Place of Abode, refuse or negledi to cause or procure such Pipe or Pipes to be amended and repaired, or afterwards to fill up the Ground so ta:<en up, or to give such immediate Notice of his hating so done to the Pavior or Co* traftor for the Time being of the said Commissioners then, and in every such Case, the Person or Persons so respectively refusing or neglecting shall, for every r or r M r ' 10 17 ’ ' ,v > not belong-

in any of the my such Case,

the respective Owner or Owners thereof shall forthwith cause the Ground over the same to be opened*

am! such Pipe or Pipes to be repaired, and Notice thereof in Writing to be given to the Clerk for the

Time being of the said Commissioners; and in case of Refusal or Neglect so to do, shall, for every such

Oi.ence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds; and if any Pavement shall he broken or taken up for but iftfceP.ive-

the Purpose of making, repairing, or altering, any Vault or Drain, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, ohm teral<enup

then, and in every such Case, the Person or Persons so breaking or taking up the said Pavement, orrn r<rair ?r>y

railing the same to be so broken or taken up, shall, as soon as the Nature of the Woik will permit, cause 't^][1°brr

th? Ground to be filled up, and Notice in Writing to be given to the Clerk for the Time being of the iVauiit Kxprncc

said Commissioners; and in case of Refusal or Neglect so to do, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit of u.e Owner

and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings; and the Clerk of the said Commissioners shall forthwith, upon every thereof.

such Notice as aforesaid given to him, or left at his last Place of Abode, transmit such Notice, or cause the same to be transmitted to the Pavior or Contractor of the said Commissioners for the Time being; and

if such Clerk shall refuse or neglect for the Space of Two Days next after any such Notice as aforesaid given

to him, or left at his last Place of Abode, to transmit, or cause such Notice to be transmitted, to the

Pavior or Contractor for the Time being of the said Commissioners; or if such Pavior or Contractor,

to whom such Notice as aforesaid shall be so transmitted, shall, for the Space of Two Days next after the transmitting of such Notice to him as aforesaid, refuse or neglect to relay or repair the Pavement so

broken up, then, and in every such Case, the Person so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit and pay the

Sum of Forty Shillings for every Day such Pavement shall continue unrelaid or unrepaired after the Ex-

pir.ition of the said Two Days.

XVIII. Provided always, That if it shall happen that at any Time there shall be no regular or fixed Notice, hcw*’t® Appointment of a Pavior of any of the Water Companies, in that Case such Notice as aforesaid shall be be given, delivered to, or left at the Office of, the Clerk or Secretary of such Company respectively, who shall, in every such Case, be substituted in the Room of such Pavior to all Intents and Purposes aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Paviors now employed, or hereafter Obliging P.uiers

to be employed, by the said Water Companies respectively, within the said Liberty, shall, within the'° <e:,d lliC ,r Space of Thirty Days next after the gaffing of this Act, or within Three Days next after they shall be^:in^ respectively appointed Paviors to such Company or Companies, give Notice in Writing to the Clerk forcieik,° ° the Time being of the said Commissioners of their respective Names and Places of Abode, and of the Name of the respective Districts to which they are appointed; and in like Manner the Clerk for the Time being of the said Commissioners shall, wfithin the respective Times aforesaid, give Notice to the respective Paviors of the said several Water Companies, of the Names and Places of Abode of the Pavior or Paviors,

Contractor or Contradors, for the Time being of the said Commissioners; and if any of the said Paviors, or the Clerk for the Time being of the said Commissioners, shall neglect to give such Notice within the respective Times aforesaid, each of them {hail, for every such Offence, fdvcrally forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings. j

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That the Charges and Expences of relay-OMisdng tb<? irg the Pavement which shall be broken or taken up for the urposes of repairing or amending any such w<J,cr Pipe or Pipes, shall be reimbursed and paid to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as l^fonstodci'uv they, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same, by the Clerk or Treasurer for the the t\pvc, dr Time being of the respective Water Companies to whom such Pipe or Pipes shall belong; or if the same^p»« "t -»mve-ft.all nor belong to any of the said Water Companies, then by the respective Owner or Owners thetLof; b,cksilly and the Charges and Expences of relaying the Pavement which shall be broken or taken up for the Pur- lliun* go r s of new nuking, repairing, altering, cleansing, or emptying, any Sewer, Drain, or Vault, or of ii airing any new or additional Grates, or of repairing and altering any old Grates, shall be defrayed and pa:d by; n l out cf fotne Rate or Rates to be made or alicited by virtue or in pursuance of an Act of the Twenty-ftcoiul and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of King Ch rUs the Second, intituled, na A:d f:r if e it tier f end defying the Sire ts and Sewers in and about the City of London, or by the Person

or P. rfori3 who {lull take up the (bid Pavement, or any Part thereof, or cause ih? lame to be* taken up,

(or any of the Purposes aforesaid: And ii such Clerk or Treasurer to any of the said Water Companies, or the respective Owner or Owners of such Pipe or Pipes, liable to reimburse and pay such Charges and 3 1 Expences,

t^.00ole

534 C. 13.

Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

Impawering

Commissionm

Expences, shall refuse or neeleft to "pay the same within Ten Days next after Demand thereof in Writing, signed by the Clerk of the said Commissioners, and left at their respective Dweiline-houses, or last Places of Abode, together with a Bill to be annexed to such Demand, containing the Account of such Charges and Expences; then, and in every such Case, the Money so expended shall and may be recovered by the said Commissioners of and from the Person so liable thereto, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in the Name of the said Commissioners, or any Three or more or them, or in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being, to be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after such Demand respectively; in which Action or Suit, no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if at any Time it shall be found necessary to take u and or Purpose of new paving or altering the Pavement of any of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, olter* Wafer ^ourts> Alleys, Passages, or Places, to raise, fink, or otherwise alter the Postion of any of the Pipes

pipes. or Plugs laid down or placed by any of the said Water Companies, or by any other Person or Persons

whomsoever, the Charges attending the same shall be paid out of the Monies arising or to arise by virtue of this Act.

Obliging Torn- XXII. And, for the more easily obtaining of Water in Cases of Fire, be it further enacted, That the tice^their Vu!several Water Companies who shall supply any of the Inhabitants of the said Liberty with Water, shall, ecs of Abode, from Time to Time, within the Space of Fourteen Days next after the passing of this Act, or within

Seven Days next after the Appointment of any Turncock or Turncocks, give Notice in Writing to the Clerk of the said Commissioners of the Names and Places of Abode of their respective Turncocks, distinguishing the Districts to which they respectively belong: and if any of the said Companies shall neglect to give such Notice within the Times aforesaid, they (nail, for every such Neglect, forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings: And the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required yearly to cause to be printed, and distributed to and amongst the several Houfoholders within the said Liberty a List of the Names and Places of Abode of the several Turncocks belonging te the Water Companies who have any Main or Water Pipes laid down within the said Liberty.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority to cause the said Streets to be watered as often as they shall think fit; and for that Purpose to cause any Well or Wells to be digged and sunk in such Places as they shall think proper; and also any Pump or Pumps to be erected in or near such Places; and also to cause any Pumps now (landing for the Purpose of watering the said Streets to be removed or altered, and to defray *he Expences thereof out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act.

XXIV. And, for the more effectually cleansing and keeping clean the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, «flkry4* crc n€~ Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages and Places, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it

shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, tocauftany Number of moveable cr fixed Dust Boxes, Dust Holes, or Conveniencies, wherein Dust and Allies and other Filth may be deposited for the Scavengers and Rakers, to be erected and placed in such Parts of the said Liberty as they shall judge necessary; and all and every the Occupier and Occupiers of Houses and Tenements within the said Liberty are hereby required, daily and every Day, to cause all their Dust, Allies, and other Filth, to be deposited in the said Dust Boxes, Dull Holes, or other Conveniences, or else to keep the same in their respective Houses or Tenements, until the same shall be removed and carried away by some Raker or Scavenger to be appointed for that Purpose: And in case any such Occupier of r r *in the said Liberty shall deposit, or cause or permit to be deposited,

Impowering Commissioners to water the Streets.

For fixing Dust

any House or Tenement witr

any Allies, Dust, or other Filth, in any Part of the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, within the said Liberty, except in some of the Dust Boxes, Dull Holes, or other Conveniencies, so to be erected or made as aforesaid, the Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings.

ObligingInhabi- XX V. And be it further enacted, That every Occupier of any House or Tenement within the said Li-nnts to sweep berty, and (in respect to Houses let to Inmates) every House Owner shall once in every Day, between Mornin* Hours of Eight and Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon of each Day, ferape, sweep, and cleanse,

rmng. Foot-way all along the Front or Sides of their respective Houses or Tenements, or cause the same

to be (craped, swept, or cleansed; and in Default thereof, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the sum of Five Shillings.

For lighting the

XXVI. And for the better lighting the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Streets. Places, within the said Liberty, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may

be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to cauie such and so many Lamps to be set up in such Places within the said Liberty, and to be placed in such Manner, and at such Distances from one another, as they shall judge necessary; and shall also order and direct at what Time the said Lamps shall be lighted, and how long they shall continue lighted; and shall from Time to Time give such other Orders and directions in the Premises as they shall think needful, for the well and sufficient lighting the said Liberty.

Frr punishing

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully take away, break, cdV1 breakirf°" throw down, or damage, any Lamp that now is or hereafter shall be set up for lighting the said Liberty Latu5,r n* as aforesaid, or wilfully extinguish the Light or Lights within the same, or damage the Irons or other Furniture thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whomsoever, who (hdll

fe*

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 13. 535

fee such Offence committed, to seize, as also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing, the Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey him, her, or them, or to deliver him^ her, or them, into the Custody of a reace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace of the said City and Liberty of Westminster, or County of Middlesex\ and such Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses, who shall appear or be produced to give Information touching such Offence (which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorised and required to administer); and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of such Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or upon such Information as aforesaid, he, she, or they so convicted, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for each Lamp so broken, thrown down, or damaged, or for every Lamp so extinguished as aforesaid; and moreover shall make Satisfaction to the said Commissioners, or to such Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same, for the Damage so by him, her, or them done as aforesaid: And in case such Offender or Offenders shall not upon Conviction pay such Forfeiture, and make such Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Justice is hereby required to commit him, her or them, to the Bridewell of the said City and Liberty, or County, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding One Calendar Month; and such Offender or Offenders shall not be dilchat^ed before the Expiration of the Time for which he, she, or they shall be so committed, unless such forfeiture or Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall carelessly or accidentally ?r «rcl«ssly break, throw down, or damage any of the said Lamps so set up, or hereafter to be set up as aforesaid, orbrwkl*E t,um* the Irons or other Furniture thereof, and shall not immediately upon demand make Sa.isfaction for the Damage done thereto; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any One

Justice of the Peace for the said City and Liberty, or for the County of Middlesex, upon Complaint made to him by One or more credible Person or Persons, to summon before him the Person or Persons who shall be complained of for doing such Damage as aforesaid, and upon hearing the Allegations and Proofs on both Sides, or upon the Non-appearance of the Party or Parties so complained of and summoned, to award such Sum or Sums of Money, by way of Satisfaction for such Damage, as such Justice shall think reasonable: And, in case of Neglect or Refusal of the Party or Parties to pay such Sum or Sums of Money so awarded, within Three Days next after Demand thereof, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods or Chattels; the Surplus (if any) arising by such Distress and Sale to be paid to him, her, or them. p.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Lamps which shall be put out by any Person or Persons at^en^d*r

his, her, or their own private Expence, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be placed in such rr&ion of the Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall direct. CommiiTu nrrs.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, £or vtftins

the Property of all the present and future Pavements within the Liberty of Saint Martin Le Grand aforesaid, as well in the Foot-ways as in the Carriage-ways, and all the present and future Ports in all or anyncri#

- of the said Streets, Courts, Squares, Lancs, Alleys, and publick Paflbges within the said Liberty, and of all Materials, Implements, and other Things to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, and also all the Soil of the said Streets, Courts, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, and publick Passages, and all Sewers, Drains, and Watercourses therein, shall be, and the same are hereby respectively vested in the faicH Commissioners; and they, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions in the Name or Names of any One or more of them, or in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, or to prefer any Bill or Bills of Indictment, as the Case shall require, against any Person or Persons who shall (teal, take, or carry away any Part or Pajts thereof; and the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority to sell and dispose of all or any Part of the old Materials, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to purchase the same; and the Money arising therefrom shall be applied to such and the same Purposes as the Money arising from the Rates and Assessments, in and by this Act directed to be made, are directed to be applied.

XXXI. And whereas it will be very convenient and beneffeial to the Inhabitants within the fail Li-£or# r?ak'P*,*

berty, that the Rates and Assessments to be rated and assessed for the Purposes of this Act should be con- 07chi*Aav folidated, and made onefoint and General Fund, and be collected together be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, One or more equal Rate or Rates,

Assessment or All' Aments, shall, at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them (the said Dean, High Steward, or his Deputy, having Six Days Notice thereof) shall think fvt to order and direct, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, be made, laid, and allcfied, upon all and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, occupy* polTefs, or enjoy, any Land, House,

Shop, Warehouse, Cellar, Vault, or other Tenement, within the said Liberty of St Martin Le Grand, according to the full yearly Value or Rack Rent of all such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars,

Vaults, or other Tenements, for railing such competent Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall, from Time to Time, judge needful and direct, so ns such Rates or Assessments do not in any One Year exceed in the Whole the Sum of T hree Shillings in the Pound of the yearly Rents of such of the said Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cdhrs, Vaults, or other Tenements or Hereditaments respectively, as shall be situate in any Street, Lane, Square, Yard, Court,.

Alley, Passage or Place, within the said Liberty; and all Monies arising from such Rates and Assessments

53$ C.

T3-

Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

Ho

ie.

lot to

;tT'roiit Tenants.

from Time to Time, be applied in defraying the Expence of paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Co-arts, Paffiges, and Places, and also of-maintaining and Ajpponing a Nightly W atch within the said Liberty of Saint Martin Le Grand; which said Rates and Assessments, so to be made and allefled as aforesaid, shall be paid Quarterly, and shall be in lieu of all other Rates, Assessments, and Monies whatsoever, directed by any Law or Laws in being to be raised and ap-low plied for the several Purposes aforesaid; and t ie fr.d Rates or Assessments shall be entered in a Book or

iV°!e i Cl»o1cs to be kept for that Purpose, together with the Names of all Persons charged thereto: And if it shall tw,‘Ucc»happen that any of the Lands, Houses, Shops, V/archouils, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, within the said Liberty, shall, at the Time of making any of the said Rates or Assessments,'be empty, mucnaiued, or unoccupied; then, and in every iuen Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to rate and aifefs the said Premises at such Times as they Avail think fit; and in such Case, as well as in case the said Premises shall, after the making such Rate or R?tcs, Assessment or Assessments, become empty, untenacted, or unoccupied. One Half of such Rate or Assessment shall be charged on such Premises respectively, and be paid by the First Tenant or Occupier thereof, who shall and may and is hereby authorised to deduct and detain the same out of his or her Rent, and the Landlord or Owner or Owners of such Premises is and are hereby required to allow such Deduction and Payment upon the Receipt of the Residue of his, her, or their respective Rents; and the said Tenant or Occupier shall be and is hereby acquitted and discharged of and for so much of his or h:r Rent as the Rate or Assessment so paid by him or her shall amount unto.

XXXII. And whereas there are or may be several Houses within the said Liberty let out by the Land lords or Owners thereof to different Tenants, whereby it will be difficult to rate or aifefs the said Te- nants in respect of such Houses, or to recover such Rates and AffdTments when made;’ be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the parting of this-Ad, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to rate and assess in every such Rate or Aflefirri'*nt as aforesaid, the Owner or Owners of all such Houses or Tenements as shall be so let to, or occupied by Two or more Tenants (which Rate or Assessment shall be paid by the Occupier or Occupiers of any Part or Bans of such Houses or Tenements); and such Occupier or Occupiers of such Houses or Tenements is anl are hereby authorised and required to pay such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be so rated or ai.Tlfci upon the Owner or Owners thereof, being duly demanded of such Occupier or Occupiers, and to d-du# the same out of his, her, or their respective Rents; and the Landlord or Owner or Owners of such [Rules or Tenements, is and are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments upon the Receipt of the Residue of his, her, or their Rents; and every such Occupier paying such Assessment or AtlclVments, shall be acquitted and discharged for so much of his or her Rent as the said Assessment or Assessments lo paid by him or her shall amount unto, as if the same had been actually paid to the Person or Persons to whom his or her Rent shall be due and payable; and in Default of Payment of the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, the same shall be and remain a Charge upon the said Premises, and Audi and maybe recovered of and from the Landlords, Owners or Occupiers thereof respectively, by Action of IX be, jjill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, to be commenced and prosecuted by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them; in which Action or Suit no Protection, Lffoin, or Wager of Law, or, more than One Imparlance fh:i 11 be allowed.

XXXIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained, shall be deemed or taken to make void

any Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, between Landlord and Tenant, touching or concerning the paving, cleansing, or lighting, any or any Part of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Patiages, and Places, within the said Liberty; but that eve y such Landlord who is now, by virtue of any such Contract or Agreement, obliged to pave, keep in Repair, cleanse, or light any Part thereof, shall in lieu thereof pay or allow unto his, her, or their respective Tenants, the Rate or Rates to be rated or assessed on such Tenant or Tenants respectiv<;ly, or so much thereof as shall be jult and reasonable, according to the true Meaning of such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, for and during the Time such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, shall remain in Force; and in calc any Dispute Avail arile concerning any Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall have Power to hear and finally determine the same.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, that all Rates and Assessments made by virtue of this Act, shall be allowed and signed by Two Justices of the Peace for the said City and Liberty of Jhuinsler, or County of Mid lit f v, who are hereby impowered and required to grant a Warrant or Warrants for col-Je#ing and ievying the same; and the said Rates and Afieifnents, after the same shall be so allowed and lijncd by the said Justices, shall be collected quarterly by such Person or Persons as shall be appointed annually to collect the same, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and if any Person or Persons shall refuse, neglect, cr omit, to pav the Sum or Sums of Money which he, she, or they, shall be rated or die (Ted, for the Space of Ten Days after personal Demand thereof, or Demand in Writing left at the Place of Abode or Occupation of such Person or Persons, then, and in every such Case, ic shall and may be lawful 10 and for the said Collector or Collectors, and he or they is and are hereby authorised and required to levy the lame by Diiirels and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons, so neglecting, refusing, or omitting to* jvty the fi.me: And in case no such Goods or Chattels can be found to be so distraincdJ or in case such Goods or Chattels shall be locked up or secured, or removed from the said Collector or Collectors, so that he or they cannot distrain the same, then, and in

Th^ Contra Its

tcuvr-en Land-V nis and i c-f.AT ts in rd'ps-’fl of pavin', IhiiJ continue.

How Tt are to be ccl.cdt-d.

537

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 13.

either of the said cases, upon Information thereof given to the said Justices, or any Two Justices of the Peace for the f*.id City and Liberty of WeshninjUr, or County of Middlesex, it shall and may be Jawfi.l for ftuh Justices, and they are hereby required to commit the Ofiender or Offender's to the Common Goal or House of Correction for the said City and Liberty, or County, there to remain without Bail or Main-prize for any Time not exceeding the Space of One Month, or until the Payment of such Rate or Assess-ment, and reasonable Charges occasioned by the Nonpayment thereof.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the For borrowing said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, from Time to Time, to borrow any Sum or Sums of Mon£y*

Money for the Purposes of this Act, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, at Interest, not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum, per Annum; and to assign over by Writing, signed by any

Five or more of the said Commissioners, all or any Part of the Rates or Assessments directed to be made by virtue of this Act, as a Security for the Repayment of the Principal and Interest of the Money so to be borrowed j and such Securities may be, from Time to Time, assigned and transferred by Indorsement or otherwise, without Stamps j and such Assignments and Transfers mall inti:le the Person to whom the same shall be made, to all Principal and Interest Money due and to grow due upon such Securities*

XXXVI. And whereas many Persons may chuse to advance Money for the Purchase of Annuities, to

1 be secured upon and payable out of the said Rates and Assessments,’ be it therefore further enacted by the£°nu,t,c*fjr Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to contribute, advance, lve*’ and pay into the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, for the Purposes of this

Ad, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, for the absolute Purchase of One or more Annuity or Annuities to be paid and payable during the full Term of the natural Life of such Persons, being of the Age of Forty-five Years or upwards, as shall be nominated determined by and on Behalf of such respective Contributors, at the Time of Payment of their respective Contribution Monies; which Annuity or Annuities shall not exceed the Rate of Eight Pounds per Annum for every One hundred Pounds, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Sum to be advanced and paid as aforesaid; all which Annuities so to be purchased shall be payable and paid by the Cleric to the said Commissioners for the Time being out of the Monies to arise by or from the said Rates and Assessments, by Four equal Quarterly Payments; the First Payment to be made to the respective Purchasers, or their Assigns, at the Expiration of the First Quarter after Payment of their respective Purchase-monies; the Rate whereof shall be settled and adjusted by a publick Sale of the said Annuities by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to the best Bidder for the said Annuities*

XXXVII. Provided always, That when and as often as any such Annuitants shall die, it shall and maytf Annoitiuft be lawful for any Person or Persons to purchase of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, dic» ®lher*

One or more Annuity or Annuities upon the Life of such Persons, and upon such Tertns and Conditions, purc 4 e* and to be payable in such Manner as above mentioned, so that the Sum or Sums to be contributed for the Purchase of any Annuity to be granted by virtue of this act, shall at no One Time exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounus.

XXXVIII. And be it further ehaded, That the Clerk of the said Commissioners shall enter in a Book Cferk.toenter or Books, to be for that Purpose provided and kept by the said Commissioners* all Securities for Monies borrowed or Annuities granted by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, and all Assignments or Transfers thereof, expressing in Words at Length the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode, and other Descriptions of all such Persons as shall, from Time to Time, be intitled to such Securities, and also the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode, and other Descriptions, of the Persons for whose Lives the said Annuities shall be respectively payable; to which Book or Books the Person and Persons intitled to fend possessed of such Annuities, and all and every the Person or Persons liable to the Payment of the said Rates and Assessments, shall at all i'easonable Times have access, with free Liberty to insped the same without Fee or Reward.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall purchase such Annuities to Ve Annuity or Annuities, and shall duly pay the Purchase-money for the same at the Rates aforesaid, and his, free from an her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, the respe£HveTai*l# Annuity or Annuities so purchased during the Term of the natural Life or Lives of the Person or Persons by them respectively nominated at the Time of such Purchase, and shall have good, sure, absolute, and in-defealible Estates and Interests in the said Annuities respectively, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act $ and that none of the said Annuities shall be subject or liable to any Tax assessed upon Land by Authority of Parliament $ and every such Purchaser shall, upon Payment of his or her Purchase-money as aforesaid, have an Order upon Parchment or Vellum for Payment of the Annuity or Annuities so purchased by him or her, for or during the natural Life or Lives of such Person or Persons as shall be nominated by him or her as aforesaid; which Order shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or any Five or snore of them, and after signing thereof, shall be firm, good, valid, and effectual, in the LaW, according to the Purport and Meaning thereof and of this Act.

XL. And be it further eriaded, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons inti-AnnuUmti may tied to any <of the Securities aforesaid, and his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, at any assign ti»cir s«ca-. Time or Times, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands respectively to assign or transfer such ntk* tooibwt* Securities, By Indorsement on the Back thereof, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, and so toties auoties;

and such Assignments or Transfers, after they shall respectively be entered by the Clerk of the said Com-

538 c. iu

Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

For pwiiftrng Persons torgirg ASi^nments or Ccxu5 cates.

Perfoof chareed to r hi» R^te-exempt firm former Raies.

Old Rjitet may b< collected till certain Day,

missioners in Manner aforesaid (which he is hereby required to do without Fee or Reward) shall irrtitte the Person or Persons to whom they shall be respectively m ide, and his, her, and rheir respective Executors, Administrators, and f (Tigris, to the Benefit of the Security or Securities so aligned or transferred.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or wilfully act or assist in forging or counterfeiting any Assignment of any such Annuity as aforesaid, or any Certificate of the Age or of the Life of any Nominee, or any Order or Authority in Writing to receive any Annuity due or to grow due to any Proprietor thereof, or any Part thereof, or shall knowingly or fraudulently demand or endeavour to have or receive any such Annuity or Annuities, or any Part thereof, by virtue of any forged or counterfeited Alignment, Letter of Attorney, Certificate, Indmment, Order, or Authority, in Writing, or shall falsely or deceitfvflly perforate any true and real Proprietor or Proprietors of any such Annuity or Annuities, or the Assignee of any such Proprietor or Proprietors, and thereby receiving or endeavouring to receive the Money of any such true and lawful Proprietor or Assignee, as if such Offender were the true and lawful Proprietor thereof; then, and in every and any of the said cases, all and every such Person and Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death without Benefit of Clergy., For charging the

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Sum and Sums of Money so to be aJvanced Mo^y borrowed an(j ient^ anc| Interest thereof, and all and every the Annuity and Annuities so to oc purchased under at e aw. by virtue of this Act, shall be, and they are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and layabb from Time to Time out of, the Monies arising from the Rates and Assessments to be rated and assessed by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act; and all Persons who shall he so possessed of such Securities shall beCre-ditors in equal Degree, without Preference with respect to the Priority of his, her, or their advancing the Money thereon.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That no Person, who Urall be charged or assessed towards the Rates to be made by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall thereafter be liable to or charged with any other Rates or Assessments made or hereafter to be made by virtue or in pursuance of any former Act or Acts of Parliament, for or towards the paving, cleansing, lighting, or watching the said Liberty of Saint Martin Le Grand, or any Parr thereof.

XLIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, annul, or make void, any Rate or Assessment made or charged by virtue or in pursuance of any former Act or Acts of Parliament, which were due or payable, or in Arrear, on the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, or any of the Remedies, Powers, or Provinons, given or provided by such Act or Acts respectively, for the collecting, levying, or recovering the same; but all such Rates and Assessments, and all Arrears thereof respectively, which were due and payable on the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, and all the Remedies, Powers, and Provisions, in and by such former Act or Acts of Parliament respectively granted, enacted, or provided, for the collecting, levying, and recovering, the same respectively, shall continue and be in Force j any tuing herein before contained to the contrary thereof m any wise notwithstanding.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies to be raised and received by virtue of this Act shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Commissioners, and shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, and to*and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences of prbcu ring and passing this Act shall be paid out of the First Monies Which shall be collected or raised determined by virtue thereof.

Exempting Wri-

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Nomination, Contraft, Bond, tings rr«n Stamp Warrant Judgment, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, or only signed by any Commissioner or Commissioners constituted by this Act, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace* or exhibited before any of them, or under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, or only signed by, any other Person or Persons whatsoever, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed or incurred (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered by. Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant* under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Westminster, or for die County of Middlesex\ which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to grant upon the Confession of the Party or Parties* or upon the Information of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer and the Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any J upon Demand, to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be lb aifirained and fold (the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted) shall be paid to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, and shall be applied to and for the Purposts of this Act, as the said1 Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think" (it; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be founds then it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Justice or Justices to nomrait such Offender to any Prison within the City or Liberty of Wesbmnfteri or County of Middls/ex, without Bail or Mah^jrize, lor any Space of Time not exceed Thirty Days, nor less than Ten Da£$.

Fxurefting Money in .

For paying tha Xrpeoces of tbit

duty.

Application of the Monica.

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 13, 14- J39

XLIX. Provided always, ancf be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, Person* or themselves, aggrieved by the said Rates or Assessments directed to be made for the Purposes of this Act, he, she, or they, shall nevertheless be obliged to pay all such Rates and Assessments; but such Person or C

Persons may afterwards appeal to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, at any of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, who are hereby authorised and required to take Cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine the same: and in case any Person or Persons shall be dissatisfied with any thing done by the Commissioners, or by any Justice or Justices in pursuance of this Act, he, she, or they, may afterwards appeal to the Justices of the Peace at their next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden in and for the City and Liberty of Ji^ejiminster^ or County of Midafefex\ or in case the said cause of Complaint shall arise within Fourteen Days next before such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, then such Appeal may be made to the said TulFiccs at the Second General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said City and Liberty of Westminster, or County of Middlesex, whp are hereby authorised and required to take Cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine the Complain^ of any such Person in a summary Way, and, if they fee Cause, may, by Order of such Sessions, miti-cate at their Discretion all or any of the Penalties aforesaid, or vacate and set alide the Conviction, and let the Party at Liberty, or otherwise may ratify and confirm the same, with such Costs as to them shall fcein returnable, and to make such Orders and Judgements in regard to the Premises as they shall think (it; but the Person so appealing shall give Notice in Writing to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners of his or her Intention of bringing such Appeal Ten Days before the said Quarter Sessions.

L. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender Procfeamp not or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be done or transacted in or £

relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quafticd for want of Form only i any Law or om'

Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LI. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person for any Limitin'®* of Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until Twenty-one Days Notice thereof shall be given in Writing to the Clerk for the Time being of the Commissioners constituted by this Act, or after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed for which such Action or Actions. Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and every such Action shall be brought, laid, and tried in the County of Midd.esex, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant and Defendants in such Actions or Suits, and every of them, may plead the General KTue, Gcnc and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials which shall he had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought,

*as done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the Lid Matter or Thing shall appear to have beenfo done; or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before Twenty-one bays Notice given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid; that then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein: And if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be*-come Nonsuited, or suffer a Discoiuinuance of such Action or Acticms,; or if Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein; then, and in any of the Cases aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall ha\e Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same, as any Treble Costt. Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs in any other Cases by Law.

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, an4Publick A* tiken to be a Publick Act, and be judicial] v taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Par- $« 10 Geo. III.; liament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised /»C, S3*

Great Britain, for the Service of the 7ear One thousavd seven hundred and Jixtynine 5 and for securing and preserving Duplicates of Assessments, and other Papers relating to the Land Tax.

WHEREAS many Difficulties and Inconveniencies have arisen, and dill frequently happen to

the Commissioners of the Land Tax for the Time being, upon the Death or Removal of

their respective Clerks, into whose Custody the Duplicates of the several Books of Assessments, Minute Books, and other Books and Papers relating to the Business of the Land Tax in their respective Divi-4 (ions have been delivered; such Clerks so removed, or the Executors, Administrators, or other legal Representatives, of such Clerk so dying, frequently refusing to deliver over such Duplicates, Books,

and Papers, to the said Commissioners for the Time being, or to their Order or Appointment, under a 4 Pretence that the said Commissioners have no Property in the same, and are without Remedy for Re- covpy thereof ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Duplicates

Z z z 2 of

Go

54° C. 14, 15,16.. Anno nono Georgii III.' A.D. 1769.

Duplicate! of of ttfe several Books of Assessments which have been or shall be made and delivered by the respective ni^us an Ali- Assessors of the Land Tax to the Commissioners of the Land Tax in any Division or Place, or ?o their' nuce Bocks, respective Clerks for the Time being, and which are or shall be in the Custody, Keeping, or Poffiliion, d^cljred to be the of such Commissioners or Clerks respectively, and all Minute Books, and other Public Books and Papeis Property of the relating to the Land Tax, in the Custody, Keeping, or Possession, of any such Clerk or Clerks who hath ^or have been, or shall be removed from such Office or Offices, or in the Custody, Keeping, or Possession, c. 5 of the Executors, Administrators, or other legal Representatives, of any Person or Persons who hath or have died, or shall die, during his or their holding such Office or Offices, or after his or their Removal from the same, or in the Custody, Keeping, or Possession, of his or their respective Agent or Attorney, or of any other Person or Persons whomsoever, shall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be, the Property of the Commissioners of the Land Tax, acting in such respective Division or Place for the Time being and in Succession, as Records of and belonging to them the said Commissioners for thfcir Use and Inspection; and tobedeposit-and shall be placed and deposited with and remain in the Custody, Keeping, and Possession of them the ed vriththcjn,£?c. said Commissioners, or their respective Clerks for the Time being, or of such other Person as the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them for the Time being, shall, from Time to Time, at their Meetings, order, direct, or appoint, and t* b«deliver-

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thrft all and every the Person and Persons ed of to the Or- aforesaid, now or at any Time hereafter, havingin his or their.Custody, Keeping, or Possession, any such ®°°^s or Papers aforesaid relating to the Land Tax, shall, within the Space ot One Calendar Monrh »jffionerivrftkhj next after Notice in Writing, signed by Three or more of the said Commissioners respectively, or a true Ctae Month after Copy thereof, given to or left at the usual Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, deliver and give up all such Books and Papers unto such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, by such Notice, shall order and appoint; whose Receipt for the same shall be a good and sufficient Discharge to such Person or a Firstitort of Persons so delivering such Books and Papers: And if any such Person or Persons, now or at any Time 3* hereafter, having in his or their Custody, Keeping, or Possession. any such Books or Papers, shall refuse-

or neglect so to deliver the same within, the Time limited by such Notice, and Demand made; he or they shall, for such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain; One Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Receiver General of the Land Tax of the County wherein such Offence shall happen to be committed, and shall by him be applied in Aid of the Land Tax for the said County, and accounted for by him accordingly; and the other Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons who shall foe for the same; and shall be recovered, together with Full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which.no Eflbin, Protection^ Wager of Law* or mope than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

CAP. XV.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year O

thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine*.

EXP.

CAP. XVI.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the Twenty-Brft Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act jar the general Quiet of the Subjects against alt Pretences of Concealment whatsoever.

fimrtle. a tt WHEREAS an Act of Parliament was made and paflbd in the Twenty-first Year of the Reigrii a.2*1* X. C of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever; and thereby the Right and Title of the King, His Heirs and Succefifors, in, € and to all Manors, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments, (except Liberties and Franchises} 4 were limited to Sixty Years next before the Beginning of the said Session of Parliament; and other Provisions and Regulations were therein made, for securing to all His Majesty's Subjects the free and; 4 quiet Enjoyment of alL Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, which they, or those under whom they claimed, respectively had, held, or enjoyed, or whereof they had taken the Rents, Revenues, issues,

or Profits, for the Space of Sixty Years next before the Beginning of the said Session of Parliament i € And whereas the said Act is now, by Efflux of Time* become ineffectual to answer the good End and' Purpose of securing the general Quiet of the Subject against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever :* Wherefore be it enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Assent and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the The-Crowa dif- Authority of the same, That the King’s Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors, shall not at any Time hcie- abled to foe, or after, file, impeach, question, or implead, any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for cn implead any Per-;a any wjfc concerning any Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes, or Hereditaments whatsoever fonfor any^Ma- (other than Liberties or Franchises) or for or in any wise concerning the Revenues, Issues, or Profits H^ditamol*' thereof* or make any Title, Claim, Challenge, or Demand, of* in, or to the same, or any of them, by mu reafwv

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 16. 541

reason of any Right or Title which hath not first accrued and grown, or whkTi shall not' hereafter firstvv,1Prc the accrue and grow, within the Space of Sixty Years next before the filing, issuing, or commencing, ^’^ecrue every such Action, Bill, Plaint, Information, Commission, or other Suit or Proceeding, as shall at any "ntJ gr^w withia Time or Times hereafter be filed, issued, or commenced^ for recovering the same, or in respect thereof; 60 Years next unless His Majesty, or some of His Progenitors, Predecessors, or Anchors, Heirs, or Successors, or before the com-feme other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, under whom His Majesty, His Heirs, fuc1

Successors, any Thing hath or lawfully claimeth, or shall have or lawfully claim, have or shall have been 0c* answered by Force and Virtue of any such Right or Title to the same, the Rents, Revenues, Issues, or Profits thereof, or the Rents, Issues, or Profits of any Honour, Manor, or other Hereditament, whereof the Premises in Question shall be Part or Parcel, within the said Space of Sixty Years; or that the same have or shall have been duly in charge to His Majesty, or some of His Progenitors, Predecessors, or Ancestors, Heirs, or Successors, or have or shall have flood injuper of Record within the said Space of Sixty Years: And that all and every Person or Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, their Heirs and and the Subject Successors, and all claiming by, from,-or under them, or any of them, for and according to their an(^ [f^cnV":«En. every of their several Estates and Interests which they have, or claim to have, or shall or may have or j^mentlhcrcofj claim to have, in the same respectively, shall, at all Times hereafter, quietly and freely have, hold, andiVwell against enjoy, against His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, claiming by any Title which hath not hrft accrued the Crown, &V. or grown, or which shall not hereafter first accrue or grow, within the said Space of Sixty Years, all and Angular Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes, and Hereditaments whatsoever, (except Liberties and Franchises) which he or they, or his or their, or any of their Ancestors or Predecessors, or those from, by, or under whom they do or shall claim, have or shall have held or enjoyed,1 or taken the Rents, Revenues, Issues, or Profits thereof, by the Space of Sixty Years next before the filing, ilfuing, or commencing of every such Action, Bill, Plaint, Information, Commission, or other Suit or Proceeding as shall at any Time or Times hereafter be filed, issued, or commenced, for recovering the same, or in relpedi thereof; unless His Majesty, or some of His Progenitors, Predecessors, or Ancestors, Heirs, or Successors* or some other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, by, from, or undtr whom His Majesty*

His Heirs, or Successors, any Thing hath or lawfully claimeth, or shall have or lawfully claim, in the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes, or Hereditaments, by Force of any Right or Title* have been or shall have been answered, by virtue of any such Right or T itle, the Rents, Revenues, Issues* or other Profits thereof, within the said Space of Sixty Years; or that the same have or shall have beea duly in Charge, or stood infuprr of Record as aforesaid, within the said Space of Sixty Years: And furthermore that all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, their Heirs and Successors, and all claiming or to claim by, from, or under them, or any of them, for and according to their and every of their several Estates and Inierefts which they have or claim, or shall or may have or claim, respectively, shall, for ever hereafter, quietly and freely have, hold, and enjoy, all such Manors, Lands, Tenements,

Rents, Tythes, and Hereditaments (except Liberties and Franchises) as they now have, claim, orenjoy* or hereafter shall or may have, claim, or enjoy, whereof his Majesty, his Progenitors, Predecessors, or Ancestors, or whereof His Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors, or he or they by, from, or under whorrv His Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors, any Thing hath or lawfully claimeth, or shall have or lawfully claim, or some of them, by Force of some Right or Title to the same, have not or shall not have been answered, by virtue of such Right or Title, the Rents, Revenues, Iliucs or Profits thereof, within the Space of Sixty Years next before the filing, issuing, or commencing of every such Action, Bill, Plaint, Information,

Commission, or other Suit or Proceeding as shall at any Time or Times hereafter be filed, issued, or commenced, for recovering the same, or in respect thereof, nor the same have been nor shall have been duly in Charge, or stood insuper of Record as aforesaid, within the said Space of Sixty Years, against all and ai against all Per-every Person and Persons, their Heirs and Assigns, having, claiming, or pretending to have, or who shall fonsdaimiogany or may have, fclaim, or pretend to have any Estate, Right, Tide, Interest, Claim, or Demand whatsoever, of, in, or to the same, by Force or Colour of any Letters Patents or Grants, upon Suggestion of Con-jou^nTin/uu cealraent or wrongful Detaining, or not being in Charge, or defective Titles, or by, from, or under, any trrs Patent, or Patentees or Grantees, or any Letters Patents or Grants, upon Suggestion of Concealment or wrongful Grants up n Sag-Detaining, or not being in Charge, or defective Titles, of or for which said Manors, Lands, Tenements, scft, on of Con' Rents, Tythes, and Hereditaments, or any of them, no Verdict, Judgement, Decree, Judicial Order upon Hearing, or Sentence of any Court now (landing in Force, hath been had or given, or any such Ver- for uhi.h did. Judgement, Decree, Judicial Order upon Hearing, or Sentence of Court, shall hereafter be had or mem bath not, or given, in any Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, for or in nox *K *cr* the Name of the King’s Majesty, or any of His Ancestors, Progenitors, Predecessors, Heirs, or Successors, thhin cr of any of the said Patentees or Grantees, or for their or any of their Heirs, or Assigns, within the SpacebcVoilTthe of Sixty Years next before the filing, issuing, or commencing of every such Action, Bill, Plaint, Infoima- meneing such tion, Commission, or other Suitor Proceeding as shall at any Time or Times hereafter be filed, issued, or Suit* commenced, for recovering the same, or in respect thereof as aforesaid.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where the Rents, Revenues, Issues, or Profits of any in white* the Manors, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, or Hereditaments, are or shall be in Charge, by, to, or with any Rents anH |Wt* Auditor or Auditors, or other proper Officer or (Jfticers of the Revenue, such Rents, Revenues, flues, Jr Minor*, and Profit, shall be held, deemed, and taken to be duly in Charge within the Meaning and Intent of thisbe*duly nChJ^ Ad; any U.'age or Custom to the contrary notwithstandingv J

ILL Provided,

(Vtt'ii, o* any Manor. i£V. are i»-t liah’e to be lniptjched by

This Act.

542 C. 16. Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

CjQs wirreiii

III. Provided always, That this Act, or any Thing therein contained, shall hot extend to bar, hnpeack* U^VCjr,°tnsorfC’ar hinder His Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors, of, for, or from, any Manors, Tenements, Kents* mi n er* m t ic or Hereditaments, whereof any Reversion or Remainder now is in his Majesty, for or concerning

the said Reversion or Remainder; nor of, for, or from any Reversion or Remainder, or Possibility of Reversion or Remainder, in any of His Majesty's Progenitors, or Predecessors, or Ancestors, which by the Expiration. End, or other Determination of any limited Eft ate of Fee- fun pic, or of any Fee-tail or other particular Estate, hath or ought to have first fallen or become in Possession, or which shall or may or ought hereafter first to fall or come in Possession, within the Space of Sixty Years next before the tiling, issuing, or commencing of any such Action, Bill, Flainr, Information, Commission, or other Suit or Proceeding, as shall at any Time or Times hereafter be filed, issued, or commenced, for recovering the same, or in respect thereof; nor of, for, or from any Right or Title first accrued or grown to his Majesty, or any of His Progenitors, Predecessors, or Ancestors, of which shall first accrue or grew to His Majesty, or any of His Heirs, or Successors, of, in, or to, any Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes, or Hereditaments, at any Time or Times within the Space of Sixty Years next before the filing, issuing, or commencing of any such Action, Bill, Plaint, Information, Commission, or other Suit of Proceeding as shall at any Time or Times hereafter be filed, issued, or comrpenced, for recovering the same, or in icfpeA thereof, and not before. '

tjrirnn'ti e IV*. Provided also, and be it enacted by Authority of the present Parliament, That this Act, or any vv.th respect'Thing therein contained, shall not extend to any Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, T\thes, or He-oJ'^an^y reditaments, mentioned 10 be granted or conveyed by any of His Majesty's Progenitors, Predecessors, or Ancestors, or by any other under whom His Majesty claimeth, to any Person or Persons, of any limited Estate in Fee-simple, or of any Estate in Tail, or other particular Estate, which several Estates, (if the same had been good and effectual in Law) have or ought to have first fallen or become in Possession, or will or ought first to fall or come in Possession, within the Space of Sixty Years next before the filing, issuing, or commencing, of any such Act m, Bill, Plaint, Information, Commission, or other Suit or Proceeding as shall at any Time or Times hercaf er be filed, issued, or commenced, for recovering the same, or in respect thereof as aforesaid; nor to any Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes, or Hereditaments, mentioned to be granted or conveyed by any of His Majesty's Progenitors, Predecessors, or Ancestors, or by any other under whom His Majesty claimeth, to any Person or Persons in Fee-tail, or other particular Estate, whereof the Reversion or Inheritance (if such Estate Tail, or other particular Estate, had been good and effectual in Law) should have been and continued in his Majesty, or any of His Progenitors, Predecessors, or Ancestors, or should or ought hereafter to be and continue in His Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors, at any Time within the Space of Sixty Years next before the filing, issuing, or commencing of any such Action, Bill, Plaint, Information, Commission, or other Suit or Proceeding as shall at any Time or Times hereafter be filed, issued, or commenced, for recovering the same, or in respect thereof as aforesaid.

'The faic^Maners, to be hw.’den

on'h^uiv" Majesty His Heirs, and Successors, and of other Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, their Tenures 'sr'r- Heirs and Successors respectively, by the same Tenures, Services, Fee farms. Chief Rents, Heriots, and vices, and Duties, other Duties, to all Intents and Purposes, as the same should or ought of Right to have been Holden if the Estates, Rights, and Interests, «established and made sure by this pwfent Ad, had been, before the making of this Act, firm, good, and effectual in Law.

'General Referra- VI. Saving to every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, their Heirs and Successors (other 'tion of Rights, than His most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and other than all Patentees or Grantees of Concealments, or defective Titles, and all and every Person or Persons claiming^from, by, or under them, or any of them, for or in respect or by reason of any such Patents or Grants of Concealments, or defective Titles) all such Rights, Title, Interest, Estate, Rents, Commons, Customs, Duties, Profits, and other Claims and Demands whatsoever, in, to, or out of the said Manors, Lands? Tenements, Tythes, or Hereditaments, as they or any of them had or ought to have had before the making of this Act $ any Thing in this Act to the contrary no'twithstanding.

Provision fork-

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where any Fee Farm Rent, or other Rent or Rents, have -wring to the been of shall be answered and actually paid to the King’s Majesty, or to any His Predecessors, Heirs, or o/other* Successors, within the Space of Sixty Years next before an Action, Bill* Plaint, Information, Corn-Rent*, &c.mission, or other Suit or Proceeding, shall at any Time or Times hereafter be filed, issued, or com-hrive bern ntii menced, for recovering the same, or in respect thereof, out of any Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Here-within a limited ditaments, of which Manors, Lands, enements, or Hereditaments, the Estates, Rights, or Interests being defective, are established, and made sure by this present Act, that the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall from henceforth forever have, hold, and enjoy the said Rents, and Arrearages thereof in such Manner and Form, and as fully and amply, as the same are or were enjoyed at any Time within the said Space of Sixty Years.

Right under any

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be pre-c/own^of1 an'0 juc^'c^al to the Right, Title, or Claim, of any Person or Persons in or to any Manors,^Lands, Tene-aw/s, &v.ny nients, or Hereditaments, by virtue of or under any Grant or Grants, Letters Patent or Letters Patents, made before from any of His Majesty's Progenitors, Ancestors, or Predecessors. or by virtue of or under any Grant or 2 Grants

V. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That all and Angular ie said Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall at all Times hereafter be holden of His

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 16, 17. 543

Grants, Letters Patent or Letters Patents, from His Majesty, made or parted before the First Day off 1769.

January, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine;. so as such Right, Title, or Claim, be prosecuted.1 p?lL,dlced with Effect by Bill, Plaint, Information, or other Suit or Proceeding, in some of His Majesty's Courts’/113 of Record at Westminster, within the Space of One Year from the First Day of January, One thousand lf.Prpfccut^ seven hunlred and sixty-nine. ... wahln Y«r.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be preju^Right of the dicial to any Right, Title, or Claim, which His Majesty now hath to any Lands, Tenements, or Here-Crown ro any ditaments, within the Manor of East Greenwich, in the County of Kent \ or to any Messuages, Lands, Land.‘» Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Precinct, District, or Liberty, commonly called The Savoy, of East1" the County of Middlesex \ or to any the Manors, Messuages, Advowsons, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Greenwiih, or Hereditaments,.and Appurtenances, being 1 he Estate and Possession of the late Hospital of the Savoy, or Dirtria of the of the Master and Chaplains of the said Hospital; so as such Right, Title, or Claim, be profecu:eJ withs*v°y»

Eftedb by Bill, Plaint, Information, or other Suit or Proceeding, in some of His Majesty's Courts of not prejudiced, Record at Westminster, within the Space of Two Years from the First Day of January, One thousand if pr0fecut?d fev. iv-hundred and sixty-nine. within 2 Years,

X. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That no puttingf’rovision <fcclar-in Charge, nor {landing insuper, nor taking or answering the Farm Rents, Revenues, or Profits of any Gf inB

the said Manors, Lands,'Tenements, or Hereditaments, by Force, Colour, or Pretext of any Letters d'cmaed "putt;n Patent or Grants of Concealments, or defective Tides,«or of Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Heredi- in charge, stand-taments, out of Charge, or by Force, Colour, or Pretext, of any Inquisitions, Presentments, by or by ing fo/npr, or reason of any Commission or other Authority to find out Concealments, defective Titles, or Lands, Te-pkinsprarfAPr* nerrents, or Hereditaments out of Charge, shall be deemed, construed, or taken to be a Putting in Charge, Qre0^yncrJ^the ’ standing insuper, or taking or answering the Farm Ren s, Revenues, or Profits by or to His Majesty, or Lrown» any of His Progenitors or Predecessors, Heirs or Successors; unless thereupon such Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, have been or shall be, upon some Information or Suit, on the Behalf of His Majesty, or some of his Progenitors or PreJecessors, Heirs or Successors, upon a lawful Verdict given or to be given, or Demurrer in Law adjudged, or upon a Hearing, ordered or decreed for His Majesty, or some of His Progenitors or Frtdecessors, Heirs or Successors, or some of them, within the Space of Sixty Years next before the filing, iffiiing, or commencing of every such Action, Bill, Plaint, Information,.

Commission, or other Suit or Proceedings as shall at any Time or Times hereafter be filed,- blued, or commenced* for recovering the same, or in respect thereof as aforesaid.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to licence a Playhouse in the City of York*, and in the Town

and County of the Town of Kim Jim upon Hull.

c 1X7 WHEREAS a ficenced Playhouse is much wanted in the City of York; and in the Town and Picamb-®r County of the Town of King don upon Hull: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act of Parliament which passed in the Tenth YearC|aurc ?n of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend so much of an At1 made in the Twelfth Jl"c. 28^ Year of the Regn of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for reducing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabond*, repealed with Jlurdy Beggars, and Vagrants, into One Act of Parliament; and for the more effectual punish'ing such Rogues, refa* to the Vagabonds, Jlurdy Beggars, and Vagrants, and fending them whither they ought to be sent, as relates to common Players of Interludes; whereby all persons are discharged to representany Entertainment of the Stage what- Kmost oiVupon-ever, in Virtue of Letters Patent from his Majesty, or by Licence from the Lord Chamberlain of His HuU.

Majesty's Houshold for the Time being, except within the Liberties of> Westminster, or where His Majesty is refuting for the Time being* be, and the same is hereby repealed with respect to the said* City of York, and Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull respectively; And that it shall and may be The Crown lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, to grant Letters Patent for establishing a Theatre or impound to Playhouse within the said City of York, and within the said Town and County of the Town of KingJlonV. L"trfr* upon Hull respectively; both which Playhouses shall be untitled to all the Privileges, and subjected to*all£j£* ^Theatre the Regulations, to which any Theatre or Playhouse in Great Britain is intitled and subjected. ,n ea*h of choice

PUcs.

CHAP*

54+ C. 18, 19. Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

CAP. XVIII.

See to Geo. hi. An Act for amending and further continuing an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Ma-c* lS‘ jetty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectualy in His Majesty's Domi-

nions in America, an Act passed in this present Seffiion of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

PreambV, reci- \\ J WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act lllfciS. GC° to amend and render mbre effectualy in His Majestfs Dominions in America, an A SI pajj'ed in this Prefint Seffiyh of Parliament, intituled, An Act for puniming Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; which Act was to continue and be in Force, in all His Majesty's Dominions in Anteritay from the Twenty-fourth Day of March, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, until the Twenty-fourth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight \ and which Act has been further continued by several subsequent Acts of Parliament until the Twenty-fourth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and seventy: And whereas it has been found necessary that the said Act should be continued for a further Term: May it therefore please Your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and* be it enacted by the Vherccittfl Art King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-furthcrcontinued poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the to 24 March, said Act shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the Twenty-foui th Day of AIarchy One J771‘ thousand seven hundred and seventy-one.

Limitation of

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing contained in this or any this Act, touch- other Act by this Act continued, tOLUihing the Quartering His Majesty's Forces, and the supplying them in ing the Quarter- their Quarters, and the furnishing Carriageson Marches, and on other necessary Occasions, shall extend or iu?lMif°tlKrn°rc°tmrued to extend to any Province, Colony, or Plantation, during such Time as any Law of such in^hrir Quarters, Province, Colony, or Plantation, which shall have received the Confirmation of His Majesty in Council, and furniiiiing shall be In force, for providing Quarters for his Majesty's Officers and Soldiers, and for furniftting them Carriages on in their Quarters, and for provming Carriages for them on Marches, or dn any other necessary Oo

their Marches. caslon> within such Province, Colony, or Plantation*

Directions with HE Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever any Troops shall march through or be fta-respect to pre- tioned in any Place in North America, it shall and may be lawful for the Civil Magistrates, Select Men, viding Quarter* or other Person or Persons (appointed by Act of Parliament, or by any Law of such Province, Colony,

forTroops.Cr Plantation, as aforesaid, to'quarter and make Provision for Troops) as likewise for the Officer com-

lSaich1 «s when man<*nS Troops so marching or stationed as aforesaid, by mutual Agreement, signed by the respective ItatioreJ in any Parties, to provide Qy^rters for the said Troops, in any Manner most convenient to them and to the tit cc. Country, any Act or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding, so as that no Expence be brought on tht

Crown by such Agreement*

CAP XIX.

An Act to impower the High Court of Chancery to lay out, opdn Government Securities, a further Sum of Money, not exceeding a Sum therein limited, out of the common and general Cash in the Bank of England belonging to the Suitors of the said Court; and to apply the Interest arising therefrom, towards answering the Charges of the Office of Accountant-general of the said Court*

KeamMrj r;d- c \T7 WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Ma-imtCuu cs in *VV jesty King George the Secoqd, intituled, An Act to impower the High Court of Chancery to lay out AH iz Geo. Hit upcn prcper Securities, any Monies, not exceeding a Sum therein limitedy out of the common and general Ccjb in the Bank of England belonging to the Suitors of the said Courtyfor the Eofe of the said Suitors, by applying the interest arising therefrom Jor Answering the Charges of the Office of the Accountant-general of the said Court 5 4 a Provision is made for the Support and Maintenance of the Office of Accountant-general of the Court of Chancery, by directing certain Payments to be made in the Manner therein mentioned to the said Accountant-general and his Two Clerks for their Salaries, in Lieu of, and in Recommence for, all Fees whatsoever that Would be due and payable to the fjEiid Office by the Suitors I And whereas b/a-aQ C-o not^er Act of Parliament passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled*

lll. c. 3 zi An Act to impower the High Court of Chancery to lay outy upon prober Securities, a further Sum f Moneys not exceeding a Sum therein limitedy out of the common and general Cash in the Bank of England belonging to the Suitors of the said Court 3 and for applying the Inter ft arising therefrom towards answering the Charges

3 4«f

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 19. 545

c of th: Office of the Accountant-general of the said Court 5 a further Provision is made for the Support and Maintenance of the said Office, by directing a certain Payment to be made, in the Manner therein mentioned, to the said Accountant-general’s Third Clerk for his Salary, in Lieu of, and in Recom- pence for, all Fees whatsoever: And whereas since the passing the said last mentioned Act, the Money and Effects belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, under the Care and Direction of the said Accountant-general, are greatly increased; by reason whereof the necessary Business of the said Office is grown so extensive and laborious, that the Provisions made by the said Acts are become inadequate to the Attendance, Trouble, and Importance, of the said Office, and insufficient to answer the Charges attending the Execution thereof: Wherefore, in order to make a further Provision for the said Office/ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Loris trp j,y olJt/Upon Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of Ocvcmrmnt Se-the fame. That out of the Cash that now lies, or shall hereafter lie, dead and unemployed in the Bank curium, to, orol. of England belonging to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, a Sum not exceeding Twenty thousand ^(h!

Pounds shall and may, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court to be made for that Purpose,

from Time to Time, be placed out in One entire Sum, or in Parcels, in such Government or Parliamentary Securities as in and by such Order or Orders shall be directed; to the Intent that the Interest and to rtanje and annual Produce arising from the Money so to be placed out as aforesaid may be applied for the Pur- *he poles herein after mentioned; and that the said Court of Chancery may, by Order or Orders of the said. mCT* Court, from Time to Time, change the Security or Securities in which the said Monies shall be so placed out, as the said Court shall think expedient.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Interest and annual Produce arising from the said Securities

shall, from Time to Time, be received by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and ^Bimk and placed to the Credit of the same Account which was raised in the Books kept there^ for the Suitors of thepuCcdto the said Court, by virtue of the said Act herein before first mentioned, of Interest arising frorp Money placed Suitor* Credit $ out in pursuance of the said Act; and that out of such Interest and annual Produce there shall be paid, ont of which by quarterly Payments, the annual Sum of Four hundred and sixty Pounds; which Payment shall be46oi. per A^n. made by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of an Order or Orders of the is to hr paid i« Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose; videlicet, To the Accountant-general of the Court of SaUriesi vi* Chancery, the Sum of Two hundred and fifty Pounds j to his First Clerk, the Sum of Fifty Pounds; his Second Clerkj the Sum of Forty Pounds; and to his Fourth Clerk, the Sum of One hundred and raj. twenty Pounds; which said Salaries shall commence from the Eighth Day of Aprils in the Year of our First cieik 1 Lord One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, and shall, together with the Salaries appointed by the 40l. to Hi* Sc. said Act herein before mentioned, be free from Parliamentary Taxes, and in Lieu of, and in Recom pence c,ej*»

and Satisfaction for, all Fees whatsoever which from that Time shall or would be due or payable to the FouitrcJt'rk i said Office by the Suitors; and that the Residue of the Interest and annual Produce arising from the said me item Tum, Securities shall be accounted for as herein after mentioned and in Lieu of all

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That if at any Time hereafter the Whole #FpfS*

or any Part of the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds shall be wanted to answer any of the Demands r^t, htTo*° of the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery; then, and in such Case, the said Court may and shall direct Account. ° the same, or any Part thereof, to be called in, or the Securities in which the same shall be placed to be the whole dispofr d of; in order that ihe Suitors of the said Court may at all Times be paid their respective Demands any Part of the out of the common and general Cash belonging to such Suitors. laid Sum, be

IV. And whereas the Interest arising from the Securities purchased in pursuance of the said before ^answn

recited Acts of Parliament, and also from the Securities purchased in pursuance of another Act of Par- Court

liament passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to impower ihemzj't*u it in.

High Court of Chancery to lay out, upon Government Securities, a Sum of Money therein mentioned, out of Act 5 Gen. ill,

the common and general Cash in the Banks England belonging to the Suitors of the said Courts and to apply Thc Surplus In- the Interest arising therefrom towards augmenting the Income of the Masters of the said Courts is more than lhc

sufficient to pay and satisfy the Salaries directed to be paid by the said Acts be it further enacted, " p£ib. That the Surplus Interest that hath arisen, and shall or rhay arise, from the Securities purchased and to be anee of there-purchased in pursuance of the said Acts of Parliament, and of this present Act, together with the Interest cited Asti, that shall be produced from the Securities to be purch afed with such Surplus Interest, shall or may, by to^p|ace<j0ut any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery, to be made for that Purpose, from Time to Time, by Order of the be pl.ccd out on Government Securities; and that the Interest or annual Produce arising from the said Court $ Securities shall, from Time to Time, be received by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Eng-

landa and so much thereof as shall arise from Securities to be purchased with the Surplus Interest, pro- j^bTre-duced and to be produced from Securities purchased in pursuance of the said Acts of the Twelfth Year^f^ by the of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Bank, and car* present Majesty, and to be purchased in pursuance of this present Act, shall be placed to the Credit of an r»e<* to Account. Account, to be raised in the Books kept at the Bank for the Suitors of the said Court of Securities ptir-chafed with the Surplus Money placed to the Account of Interest arising from Monies placed out in pursuance of an Act of Parliament passed in the Twelfth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second; and so much thereof as shall arise from Securities to be purchased with the Surplus Interest, produced and to be produced from Securities purchased in pursuance of the said Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be placed to the Credit of an Account, to be raised in the said Books kept in.

546 C. 19, 20. Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

the Bank, of Securities purchased with the Surplus Money placed to the Account of Interest arising fronv Monks placed out in pursuance of an Act of Parliament passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Hi* pr^ sent Majesty.

CAP. XX.

An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace in their General Quarter Sessions of their respective Counties and Divisions to repair the Shire Halls, County Halls, or other Buildings, wherein the Assizes or Grand Sessions are usually held.

[Preamble.]

4 \ T7 WHEREAS oubts have arisen in several Counties within the Kingdom of England and Prin- cipality of Wales, whether there be any lawful Authority for the repairing Shire Halls* or other Buildings usually made use of for the holding the Assizes or Grand Sessions within such Counties: For the clearing such Doubts, and for making Provision for repairing the same whenever it shall beneceflary, May it please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and' be it enacted by the King's most Excellent The justicM at Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in arcTm- this nrefent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful po/ end, upon for the Justices of the Peace in their respective General or Quarter Sessions, or the greater Part of them l^rer.’ir.mc of tl>en and there assembled, within the Limits of their Commissions, upon Presentment of the Grand Jury thr Grand f. ry at the Assizes or Great Sessions, or General Goal Delivery held for the said County at their Shire flail, ,htrtf1z's’£'v*er other Building usually made use of for the holding (he Assizes or Great Sessions within such County, to repair fu< h of the ill State and Condition of any such Shire HalT. or other Building, and the NeccfBty of repairing Si.* Mails, fiV.the Came, to order and direct, in pursuance of such Presentment, such Shire Hall, or other Building, to 11 b" r|r* be repaired in such Manner as they in their Discredons shall think fit; and shall assess and rate all and b^out of R :r°cvcr y Sum and Sums of Mon:y which shall be laid out and expended in repairing the same upon the fe-^ 0 pa r> veral Hundreds, Lathes, Wapentakes, Rapes, Cities^ Towns, Parishes, Townships, Wards, or other Diwfions, of the said County j and to cause and direct the same to be collected, levied, and paid, Hatelo'7rn- the k*116 shall collected, levied, and paid in the same Manner, and by and to the same Office and in? 1 hr charges other Persons, and under the same Conditions, Terms, Limitations, Restrictions, Pai ns, Penalties and rhererf, to be ie-Forfeitures, as other County Rates are ordered and directed to be assessed, rated, collected, levied and vird, &v. as di- paid, in and by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the itdcdbyAtfv Second* intituled,*4 An Act for the more easy assessing, collecting, and levying County Rates \ and in i2 Geo ii.c 2 by a Clause in an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the said King, intituled, An Act to con-1,29,4 tinue several Laws therein mentioned for punishing such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull and n Geo. H down or destroy Turnpikes; for repairing Highways or Locks, or other Works erected by Authority c. #4* of Parliament for making Rivers navigable; for preventing Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and

Weirs upon the River *foames Westward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River: for preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and for better securing the lawful Trade of c His Majesty's Subjects to and from the East Indict, and for the more effectual preventing all His Mi-

jesty's Subjects trading thither under foreign Commissions; and for limiting the Time for filing forth Writs of Certiorari upon Proceedings before Justices of the Peace, and for regulating the Time and Manner of applying for the same; for the better and more (peedv Execution of Prooefs- within parti- cular Franchises or Liberties; and for extending the Powers and Authorities of Justices of Peace of Counties, touching County Rates, to the Justices of the Peace of such Liberties and Franchises as have Commissions of the Peace within themselves/

Bat wf ere-any H. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Cases where any shire Shire Hal), County Hall, or other Building usually made use of for the holding the Assizes or Great Set-

ha* Time out offtons, hath for Time out of Mind been repaired at the Expence of any particular Person or Persons, Ridirtg°r hidings, Division or Divisions, Part or Parts, of any County or Shire, the same shall for ever peace<^Mrticu- hereafter be repaired at the Expence of the Inhabitants of such Riding or Ridings, Division or Divisions, UrPUce£W*. Part or Parts, as they have heretofore been; and the Sumand Sums of Money to be laid out in repair-the same it to being the same shall be assessed, rated on, and coltested, levied and paid, by such Division or Divisions, Put kepkln5fcp"ir or of such County* in the Manner in this Act herein before directed.

at che Expence tJie ij^bitinu of such Placet, fife.

lupairr not *xL

III. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, That if there should be Occasion for any

eeding *pL are sudden Repairs which will not cost more than the Sum of Thirty Pounds, it shall be lawful for any Tfro wanted. Two Justices of the Peace'of such County*. Division, Riding, or Place, after having viewed the lame, and an m»k«an Ordtr Efthnate of Workmen-made, of the Expence thereof, to order, the same to be repaired, and the Mo-therein. ney to be raised upon the County* in the same Manner as it it by this Act appointed to be mifed after a Presentment of the Grand Jury, ettitt, and other iv. Provided, and be it further enacted, That all Cities, Corporations, Rapes, Wapentakes, Boroughs* fej^JuTto* Towns, Ports, rariihes, Toyrnships, or other Places, Of Divisions, wPerfoo^r Persons, which are now

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 20, 21. 547'

"bound and obliged by Law and ancient Usage to repair any such Shire Hall, County 'Hall, or other Law and ancient Buildings for the holding the Assizes or Great Sessions, or to hirnish the same with Benches, Tables, to repair, Rails, or other Fixtures, and to keep the same in Repair, shall for ever hereafter be bound and obliged to sJ,[^Haijan|fr repair the same, and to furnish the same with Benches, Tables, Rails, and other Fixtures, and to keepare ftin bouod ti the same in Repair; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding. # do the same.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Plaint, Suit, or Information, shall bexommenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for what he or they shall do in Pursuance or in Execution of this Act, such Person or Persons so sued in any Court whatsoever shall and may plead the General Issue, Not guilty, and upon any Issue joined may give this Act and the Special General lflae. Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become Nonsuit, or forbear further rrofe-cution, or suffer a Discontinuance, or if a Verdict pass against him, the Defendants shall recover their Treble Costs, for -which they shall have the like Remedy as in any Case when Costs by the Law are given TrcblcCo*s* to Defendants.

CAP. XXI#

An Act for the more effectual paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes,

Alleys, and publick Passages, in the Town of Gainsburgh, in the County of Lincoln; and for laying a Duty on all Coals brought to the said Town to be sold, and for applying the same to such Purposes.

WHEREAS the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and publick Passages, in the Town of Gainsburgh, in the P*®*

County of Lincoln, are at present very ill paved, and much incommoded with Dirt and Soil, and it would tend to the Safety and Convenience of the Inhabitants of the said Town, and of all Persons retorting thereto, if the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Passages, were properly paved, cleaned, lighted,

and watched, and kept free from Incroachments and Annoyances: And whereas by an Act of rarlia- mem made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, Aai4Ceo II.

An Act forfinishing and compleating the Parish Church of Gainsburgh, in the County of Lincoln, a Duty c. 15.

was laid upon a 1 Coals brought to the Town of Gainsburgh aforesaid 10 be folJ, and such Coals wercre- quired to be sold by Standard Measure, or by Weight only, under the Inspection of proper Officers;

which Provisions were found by Experience to be very beneficial to the Buyers of Coals, hotwich (landing the Duty Lid thereupon; but the rurnofes to which the said Duty was made applicable having been ac- complished, the Powers by the said Act obtained, for compelling the Sellers of Coals to deliver the same by Standard Measuror Weight, have ceased, and for want thereof the Buyers are liable to be greatly dc- frauded in the Measure or Quantity of their Coals delivered, and there is Reason to believe that great Frauds are daily practised therein and it would therefore be a public Advantage if proper Powers were < given for the due measuring or weighing of all Coals brought to the said Town for Sale, and for laying

a Duty thereupon, to defray the Expcuce of such measuring or weighing, and of collecting such Duty,

and for appropriating the Surplus thereof towards the more effectual paving, repairing, cleansing, light—

ing, and watching, the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and publick Passages, within the Town of Gainsburgh

aforesaid: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and* be it enacted by the King’s

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Sir NtvilGeirgeTvifct& Nune*. Hickman Baronet, and the Lord of the Manor of Gainsburgh for the Time being, Thomas Woodhafe, Jo-

Jrfh Hunt, William Hornby, Burden IVi, Mathew JVi Hon, John Nettlcfbit), Martin Brumby, Nathaniel G room bridge, Jofrpb Pot Ur, Joseph Dickenson, William Hall, and Henry r.tncringhn, and their Successors, to becledted as after mentioned, and also all resident Inhabitants of the said Town rated there to the Lnnd Tax for Twenty Pounds per Annum of their own Ellate, or in the Right of their Wives, shall be Truibes for putting this Act into Execution.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any Seven or Meet ing.

snore of them, shall meet for putting this Act in Execution at the common Vestry Room in Gainsburgh

aforesaid on the last Monday in the Month of May, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, or at such other convenient Time and Place as the major Parc of the Thirteen Traders herein before named ci rk to be shall appoint; and that any Five or more of the said Trustees, being the major Part of the Trailers choion. assembled at such or any other subsequent Meeting, shall and may, by Writing under their Hands and-Seals, choose and appoint One or more fit Person or Persons to be their Clerk or Clerks to keep a Re-giller of all their Orders and Proceedings, and for o.hcr the Purposes herein after mentioned; and shall’ and may remove such Clerk or Clerks, and appoint a new One or new Ones in hi* or their Pl/.ce, from Time to Time; which Orders and Proceedings shall be fairly entered in a Book or Books to be kept for°r<i‘,r* *m]rJrn-that Purpose, and signed by such Clerk or Clerks; and such Book and Books so signed shall and may

fiven and admitted in Evidence in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity, and (h ill not be required toen.Cr^prf, tr e stampt; and that any Five or more of the said Trustees, being the major Part of the Trustees present Do ks, jj.j t t..-at such or any other Meeting to be held for the Execution of this Act, shall and may adjourn them tel ves tocJ-

rcl. Penalty on Trustees acting, not be ng duly qualified.

548 C. 21. Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

Adjournments. such Time and Place as they shall thrnk fit for the further Execution thereof; and in case there shall not appear at any such Meeting Five or more Trustees to concur in such Adjournment, it shall and may be lawful for the Clerk or Clerks then present to adjourn such Meeting to some futu c Day, and to give Notice thereof in Writing upon the Door of the Parish Church of Gainsburgh aforesaid; and that all such Adjournments and adjourne d Meetings shall be deemed legal Adjournments and Meetings.

New Election of

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of the Death of any of the Trustees. Twelve Trustees hereby particularly nominated and appointed, or of the Removal of any of them out of the Town of Gairjburgh aforesaid, by the Space of One whole Year, or if any of them wall refuse to act in the Execution of this Act, or neg!e6l to act by the Space of One whole Year (having been summoned by the Clerk to attend within that Time) it shall and may be lawful to and for the major Part of the surviving Trustees, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, to be entered in their said Book or Books of Proceedings, to elect, nominate, and appoint. One or more fit and able Person or Persons (being an Inhabitant or Inhabitants in the said Town of Gainsburgh, and rated to the Land Tax there for Five Pounds a Year of his or their own Estate, or in the Right of his or their Wife or Wives, or rated to the Po^r Tax there for Five Pounds a Year as aforesaid) to be a Trustee or Trustees in the Place or Places of such of the said Trustees as shall die or remove, or refuse or neglect to act as aforesaid, and so from Time to Time when and as often as any other or others of the Trustees hereby nominated, or to be clc&ed and appointed as aforesaid, shall die, remove, or refuse or negle<3: 16 act as aforesaid; and that all and every Person and Persons, so to be elected and appointed a Trustee or Trustees as aforesaid, shall have the same Powers and Authorities, and shall and may act, and they are hereby impowered to act in the Execution of this Act, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Trustees hereby particularly nominated and appointed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, not having the Qualification herein before required for an elected Trustee, shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered, levied, paid, and applied, as herein after is mentioned; and that no new elected Trustee, nor any Trustee claiming to act without tance offledlion, and by virtue of his Estate only, shall have any Rnjht to ad or vote in the Execution of this the Truit, before Ad, until he has signed a Memorandum in the said Book of Proceedings at some of the Quarterly Meeting. ings herein after mentioned, signifying that he accepts to ad in the said Trust.

Qualification of V. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall act as a Trustees. Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of this Act without Election, and by virtue of his or their Estate or Estates only, without being rated to the Land 'Fax for the said Town of Gainsburgh for Twenty Pounds a Year, as herein before required, every such Person, so arming as a Trustee without such Qualification as aforesaid, shall forfeit the like Penalty of Fifty Pounds; to be recovered, levied, paid, and applied, as herein after is mentioned.

Quarterly Meet-

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more ings appointed. of them, shall meet together at the common Vestry Room in Gainsburgh aforesaid, or at such other convenient Place as any Five or more of the said Trustees, being the major Part of the Trustees present at any Meeting, shall appoint, on the First Thursday which shall happen in the several Months of August, Novrmbery February, and Aprils in every Year, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve of the Clock in the Forenoon, all which Meetings may be adjourned in Manner before directed; and that the said ®c|carionalMeet* Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may meet at any other Time and Place as often as it ’ shall be necessary for putting this Act in Execution; Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of every such other Meeting being affixed by their said Clerk, or some other Person by his Order, upon the Door* TruAe* to bear of the Parish Church and Town Hall of Gainsburgh aforesaid. One whole Day at the least before every" tbcif wnHa- such Mating; and that at all such Quarterly Meetings, adjourned Meetings, and other Meetings to be held for the Execution of this Act, the said Trustees shall bear thdirown Charges and Expences.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the major Part of the Trustees pre^ lent at and continuing to the End or any Meeting to be had for the Execution of this Act (such Majority not being less than Five in Number at the least) shall and may make, and they are hereby authorisecT and required to make, all such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, as to them shall seem necessary and proper for putting this Act in Execution; all which Orders, Rules, and Regulations, shall be entered in their Book of Proceedings, and signed by their Clerk, and shall from thenceforth be deemed and taken to be valid and effectual, and binding and conclusive, upon all Persons concerned or named therein; and a true Copy thereof, attested by the Clerk, and delivered to any Person or Persons concerned or named therein, (pall be deemed and taken to be good Notice and Service of such Orders, Rules, or Regulations respectively; and no Orders, Rules, or Regulations, of the said Trustees shall be valid or binding, except the same shall be made at some publick Meeting, to be held pursuant to the Directions aforesaid, by a Majority of the Trustees (not less than Five in Number) present at and con inuing to the End of such Meeting; except only all such Warrants, Writings, Orders, and Appointments, under the Hands or Hands and Seals of the said Trustees, any Seven, hive, Three, Two, or more of them, as are herein before or herein after authorised and directed to be made; all which Writings, Warrants, Orders, and Appointments, under the Hands or Hands and Seals of the said Trustees, shall be valid and legal, though not made at any such Meeting as aforesaid.

VIII,

pencet. Requisitct tft sr^ke a valid Oxdtr.

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 21. 549

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That no Order of the said Trustees, Order* not to be-made in pursuance of and according to the Directions of this Act shall be afterwards revolted or altered rc^r^ ^ltbout by any subsequent Order, unless Nine of the said Trustees shall be present and concur in the making such9 ru subsequent Order.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustees hereby appointed, TruCce# t* dcvk and hereafter to be elected in Manner before mentioned, or any Five or more of them, shall have full and Plvc« sufficient Power and Authority, from Time to Time, to order and direct the publick Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and publick Passages, in the said Town, or any rart or Parts thereof, to be paved and repaired when

and as often as they shall see Occasion, and in such Form and Manner as they shall think fit; and to hire and employ such Workmen, Labourers, Carters, and others, as they shall think proper and approve of from Time to Time, to pave or repair the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and publick Passages, from Time to Time; and to contract with such Workman or Workmen for such Rates and Prices for their Skill and Labour therein, and to issue and appoint to be paid such Sums of Money, Wages, and Salaries, in respect of th Matters aforesaid, a* to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall seem just and reasonable; and to cause all such Bridges, Tunnels, Grates, and Conveyances for Water, to be laid and placed across the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and publick Passages, as they shall think rcauiftte and necessary; and also to make and establish all such further and other Orders, Rules, and Regulations, and to do all and every such other Acts and Things, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall judge necessary and conducive to the accomplishing the Ends and Designs aforesaid.

X. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful’to and^1"

for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to ascertain, set out, order, and appoint, the several ‘erta’" the p<|r* Parts, Shares, and Proportions, of the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Passages* which have been and iarge*

ought to be paved, repaired, swept, or cleansed, by the Lord of the Manor of Gcinjburgh aforesaid, in rcipe& of his Tolls, or by the Inhabitants of the said Town at large, or by any private Proprietors of Messuages, Dwelling-houses, Shops, Tenements, Frontsteads, or other Property in the said Town; and such Parts, Shares, and Proportions shall, from Time to Time, and at all Times then after* be paved and kept in Repair according to such Order and Appointment, and shall be swept and cleansed determined by such Owners rcmectively, or their Farmers or Tenants, or otherwise according to the Directions herein after contained.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Gravel, Sand, Stones, Cob-Trustee* to p*y. bles, and other new Materials necessary for the first forming and new paving of the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, for Materials* and Passages aforesaid, shall be provided by the said Trustees; and the Expences thereof, and of laying*,nddd, fpofcof all such Bridges, Tunnels, Grate?, and Conveyances for Water, as are before directed, shall from Time°‘

to Time be defrayed out of the Monies which shall be borrowed upon the Duty on Coals herein after authorised to be received; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such other Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time order and appoint, to dig up, have, take, and use all such Gravel, Sand, Stones, Cobbles, and othe*

Materials, as shall be found in the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys* and Passages, and to use and employ the same again in the new Pavements, or otherwise to sell and dispose of the same, or such Parts thereof as they shall think proper, and with the Money arising from the Sale thereof to purchase other Materials to be used in such new Pavements.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Costs, Charges, and Ex-For Payment of.

pences whatsoever, in ident to or attending the forming and new paving the Streets, Lanes, Alleys and the Earner of Passages aforesaid, shall be borne and defrayed by the said Trustees out of the Monies which shall

borrowed upon the Duties on Coals herein after authorised to be received; except only the Expence of

laying or pitching such new Paveme nts, so far as the same ought to be repaired by the Lord of the Manor as such, or by any private Pfoprierors of Messuages, Dwelling-houses, Shops, Tenements, Frontsteads, or other Prope; tv in the said Town; and that the Expences of the laying or pitching only of such Parts of the said new Pavements as ought to be repaired by the said Lord of the Manor as such, or by such private Proprietors as aforesaid, shall be paid by such Lord of the Manor and Proprietors respectively, rateably and in proportion to the Number of superficial Yards of such Pavement belonging to each and every of them respectively to repair, such Shares and Proportions to be from Time to Time settled by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them.

XIII. Provided always, That such Expences of new laving or pitching of the said new Pavements, shall Protifo. notand do not exceed the Sum of Four-pence for every superficial Yard thereof.

XIV. And* for the more easy Recovery of the Expences of such laying or pitching of the said new por Rkotv^ Pavements, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any Fivetbe.eoi.

or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised from Time to Time, and as often as Occasion shall require, when they shall have settled and ascertained the Shares or Proportions of all, every, or any of such Proprietors, of the Expences of new laying or pitching of the said new Pavement, to order and diredi the Sh ires and Proportions of all, every, or any of them, which shall have been so settled and ascertained, to be paid by such Proprietors, or any such Proprietor, to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees. or any hive or more of them, shall appoint to- receive the same; and in case any such Proprietor or Proprietors shall negieif or refuse to pay his or her Share or Proportion of such Expences as aforesaid, not exceeding the Sum of Four-pence for every superficial Yard, within Fourteen l)ays after the same shall have been demanded, the same, together with the further Sum of Ten Shilling?

<u»

55°

Ref <rn, rXled.

C. 211 Anno nono Georgii III. - A.D. 1769.

as a Penalty for every such Hefufal, shall and may be respectively levied on all and every such Proprietor, or Proprietor so refusing or negle<sting, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods or Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Parts of Lliuljcj in the County of Lincoln (which Warrant such justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised ;:nd required to grant) and paid to the Person or Persons so to be appointed to receive the same; and the Overplus (if any be) after all Charges of making, keeping, and felling such Distress shall be deduced, shall he returnee!, upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of the Goods or Chatc* is so to be distrained.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the Pavements in any of the Streets, Lanes. Alievs* or Passages aforesaid, shall have been new pitched and completed by the Au-Act, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, from Time to Time,

authority of this - ,

and at all Times then after, order and direct the Clerk or Clerks by them employed to give or cause to be given, unto all and every such Proprietor and Proprietors as aforesaid, in whole Parts or Shares of the said Pavements any Default or Defeat of Reparation shall at any Time be, or to the Tenants, Farmers, or Occupiers, of their Estates chargeable with the Reparations thereof, Notice in Writing of all and every such Default or Defects of Reparation, from Time to Time, when and as often as the same shall happen, ;:nd of the Names and Places of Abode, within the said Town, of the Workmen then employed by the Trustees in paving and repairing the said Streets; and in case such Defaults or Defers shall not be properly and sufficiently repaired and amended, in such manner as herein after is mentioned, within Eight Days next after the giving of such Notices respectively, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order, direct, and cause the same to be forthwith repaired and amended by their Workmen, and with their own Materials; and to charge the Expence thereof, not exceeding Six-pence for every superficial Yard of Pavement so repaired, for Materials, Labour, and Work-manship, upon the Proprietor or Proprietors chargeable with the making of such Reparations- respectively; and to order and direct the Payment thereof to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same; and in case any such Proprietor or Proprietors shall rc-fuse or neglect to obey such Order, and pay such Expences within Fourteen Days after the same shall have been demanded, the same, together with the further Sum of Two-pence for every fuj>crficial Yard, as a Penalty for every such Refusal, shall and may be respectively levied on all and every such Proprietor and Proprietors so refuting or neglecting, by Distress and Sale of his and their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one Justice of the Peace for the Parts of Lindsey in the County of Lincoln, in such Manner, and under the Restrictions, and according to the Directions herein before tfta-blished for the levying the Expences for the laying and pitching the said intended new Pavements.

Reparstimks to

XVI. Provided always, That no such Defaults or Defects of Reparation, shall be deemed or adjudged Trustees Work- td have been prop^Iy anc^ fofliciently repaired, unless such Reparations shall be made by the Workmen TOen. then employed determined by the said Trustees, and named in such Notices respectively, in such Form and Manner,

«cept where the and with such Materials, as by the general Orders and Regulations of the said Trustees, shall from Time to Lord or Lady of Time >be required; save only to the Lord or Lady of the said Manor, who may be at Liberty to employ in concernedr their Pavements £uch Workmen as they shall think proper.

Farmer, he. to XVII. And, to the End that the Charges and Expences, as well of thelaying and pitching of the said new* pay their Land. Pavements, as of the future Reparation thereof, in Manner herein before directed, may be the more easily lords Shares of the collected and received; be it enacted, That all and every the Farmers, Tenants and Occupiers of the Chafes, fifr. Tolls, Messuages, Dwellkig-houses, Shops, Tenements, Frontsteads, or other Property in the said Town, in refbe& whereof the Landlords or Proprietors are or shall be chargeable with the Reparation of any Part or Parts of such Pavements, shall be, and are hereby also made liable and required to pay the Shares or Proportions of their respective Landlords of all such Charges and Expences, to the Person or Persons, from Time to Time, appointed by the said Trustees to demand and receive the same; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, (if they shall think it more convenient) order and cause such Charges and Expences to be demanded on all or any of such Farmers and Tenants, in ©n Refusal.tobe the Stead of the Owners and Proprietors, their respective Landlords; and on Refusal or Neglect to pay levied by Distiefs the same within the Space of Fourteen Days after such Demand, the same shall and may be levied by and sale. Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Farmer, Tenant, or Occupier, so refusing or neglecting to pay the same, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One Justice of the Peace for the Parts of Lindsey in the County of Lincoln, in like manner as the same are herein before authorised to be levied, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Owners or Proprietors respectively; and in case of such Payment, it shall and may be lawful for such Farmers and Tenants to-retain all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall respectively pay from Time to Time, on account of their several Landlords, out of his, her, or their Rents; and such Landlords or Proprietors are hereby required to allow and discount the same accordingly, unless there shall be a special Agreement between them and their Tenants to the contrary.

Chargei paid by

XVIII. Provided always, That no Part of such Charges or Expences, which shall have been paid by either Landlord the Landlords or Proprietors, shall be afterwards demanded or received of their Farmers or Tenants by beTfte^ardsdc- ^orcc or Virtue hereof; nor shall any Part of such Charges or Expences, which shall have been paid in luandaU^ pursuance hereof by any such Farmer or Tenant as aforesaid, be afterwards demanded or received of their respective Landlords, by Force or Virtue of any other the Clauses or Provisions herein before contained.

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 21. 551

XIX. And it is hereby further enifled by the Authority aforesaid, That the said new Paving shall bew^ are begun at the South End of the said Town in the First Year after the passing of this Act, and at the North firlUobuePi re41, End in the succeeding Year and that, until the Carriage Road through the said Town from the North

to the South shall be all repaired and completed, no other Part of the said Town shall be taken up to be new paved by virtue of this Act.

XX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Proprietor or Proprietors of Proprietmof ih* W ater-works in the said Town, his, her. or their Lessee or Lessees, Tenants, or Agents, or any other Wateruork,» Person or Persons, shall break up any of the new Pavements, or cause the same to be taken up, for the k°r al° laying or amending of any Water-pipe therein, or for the making or repairing any Drain or Sewer underpamnenuthe^ the same, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, without first giving Notice in Writing to the Clerk em-ulte u#. ployed by the said Trustees of nis or her Intention so to do; and when and as often as any Part of the said

new Pavements shall have been taken up for any ’of the Purposes aforesaid, such Pavements shall be new laid and made good by the said Trustees, at the foie Costs and Charges of such Proprietor or Proprietors of Water-works, his, her, or their Farmers, Tenants, or Agents, or of the Person or Persons ordering or directing such Pavements to be taken up, or taking up the iame respectively (not exceeding Six-pence for every superficial Yard) such Costs and Charges to be ascertained by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, who are hereby authorised to order and cause the same to be demanded and paid to such.

Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same and on Refusal or Neglect of Payment, within the Space of Fourteen Days next after the same shall have been demanded, such Charges and Expences, together with the further Sum of Two-pence a Yard* as a Penalty for every such Refusal or Neglect, shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every Person so neglecting or refusing, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One Justice of the Peace for the Parrs of Lindsey in the County of Lincoln, in Manner before directed for levying the Expences of laying the said new intended Pavements.

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That untiPthe Streets, Lanes, Alleys,^ fwwr>* and Passages aforesaid, shall have been respectively new paved, the same shall continue to be swept, and (he Street*., the Soil, Dirt, Dust, and Filth therein mail be gathered and heaped up by die several Persons from Time to Time chargeable or charged by the said Trustees.by virtue of this Act with the sweeping, gathering, or heaping thereof respectively, on such Days of the Week, not exceeding Twice in any one Week, and at such Time and Times of the Day, and under such reasonable Penalties for the not doing, thereof, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time order and direct, not exceeding One Shilling for every such Offence; and that all and every such Penalties shall and may be recovered, levied, paid, and applied, in Manner herein after directed; and when, and as soon as the new Pavements in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Passages shall have been pitched and completed,: the Side-pavements or Foot-roads’in all and every such Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Passages, in which there shall be a Middle Pavement or Carriage Road, shall in like Manner continue to be clean swept into the Middle Pavement or Carriage Road; and the Soil, Dirt, Dust, and Filth in such of the said Streets,

Lanes, Alievs, and Passages in which, there shall be no Middle Pavement or Carriage Road, shall continue to be clean (wept, gathered, and heaped up, by the several Persons from Time to Time chargeable or charged by the rrufeeesby virtue of this Act with the sweeping, gathering, or heaping thereof respective-ly, on such Days of the Week, not exceeding Twice in any One Week, and at such Time and Time*, of the Day, and under such reasonable Penalties for the not doing thereof, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time order and direct, not exceeding One Shilling for any One Offence j all which Penalties the said Trustees are hereby authorised to impose from Time to Time, and the same shall and may be recovered, levied, paid, and applied m Manner herein after mentioned: and the Soil, Dirt, Dust, and Filth, in the Middle Pavement or Carriage Roads, shall from thenceforth be swept, cleansed, heaped and taken away by the Scavenger or Scavengers herein after authorised to be appointed, on the Days and Times, and in Manner herein after mentioned.

XXII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That itUhall and may be lawful torfor cirjnfngan<i, and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they shall have sufficient Authority from Time drying awayuhe to Time to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons as they shall think fit, to be publick Scavenger-®

or Scavengers for sweeping the Middle Pavements or Carriage Roads, and for cleansing.and carrying away the Dirt, Soil, Dust, and Filth from off all Parts of the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Passages in the said Town, or foefi particular Part or Parts thereof as the said Trustees shall think nt. at such Times and in such Manner as herein after mentioned y and to contract with the Scavenger or Scavengers for the same, and for providing such a Number of Servants, Men, Carts, and Carriages, as shall be deemed requisite and necessary for those Purposes $. and to pay and iuue such. yearly, or other Salary or Recompence to such Scavenger or Scavengers, as they shall deem iuft and reasonable j and to order and direct on what Day or Days of the Week, and by what Hours of the Day the particular Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and.

Passages shall be so swept and cleansed, and the Soil. Dirt* Dust, and Filth carried off and from the same respectively j and to make such Rules. Orders, and Directions to be observed and kept by such Scavenger or Scavengers, and all other Persons chargeable with the sweeping of any Part or Parts thereof, and with and under such reasonable Penalties and I. orfeitores as they shall think fit, not exceeding Five Shillings, for any Oat Offence j, all which. Penalties and.Forfeitures the said Trustees are hereby authorised to im-

X pose

552

C. 21.

Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

pose, from Time to Time, and the same shall and may be recovered, levied, paid, and applied, in Manner herein after mentioned,

Streets to be

XXIII. Provided always, That all the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and publick Passages aforesaid, shall fw-pt, and the he swept and cleansed, and the Soil, Dirt, Dust, and Filth carried off and from the same, Once in every Week at the least between the First Day of May and the First Day of November, and Twice in every Week at the least between the First Day of November, and the First Day of May in every Year.

XXIV. And whereas great Part of the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Passages, within the said Town, have been heretofore repaired, swept, and cleansed by the Constable of the said Town for the Time being out of the Constable’s Rate, who hath for many Years paid the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds per Annum, or upwards, to Masons, Scavengers, and other Contractors, for such Repairing, Constables to pay4 Sweeping, and Cleansing, and the same hath been charged and allowed in the Constable*s Rate;* be it the Muncy n^w therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Sum of Town^to ^wenty-five Pounds Annum shall be yearly and every Year paid by the Constable or Constables of the tc^D 0 1 Town of Gainsburgh for the Time being to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time order and appoint to demand and receive the same, upon Easter Monday in every Year, or within One Week then next ensuing.

Recovery there-

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Constable or Constables of the said Town of Gainsburgh for the Time being shall refuse or neglect to pay the said yearly Sum of Twenty-five Pounds to the Person or Persons to whom the said Trustees, or any r ive or more of them, shall have ordered the same to be paid, on the Day or within the Time herein before appointed for the Payment thereof in every Year as aforesaid, the same having been demanded by the Person or Persons so authorised to receive the same of the said Constables, or either of them, the same shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Constable or Constables so refusing or negle#ing as aforesaid, or either or any of them, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One Justice of the Peace for the Parts of Lindsey in the County of Lincoln, together with all reasonable Costs and Charges attending the making, keeping, and felling such Distress; the Overplus (if any be, and be demanded) to be returned to the Owner or Owners of the Goods and Chattels so distrained; and all and every such Sum and Sums being so paid by or levied upon any such Constable or Constables, shall be allowed to the Person or Persons paying the same in his or their Constable’s Rate; any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And whereas the Lord of the Manor of Gainsburgh aforesaid is liable, in respect of his Tolls and Markets, to tlcanfe and carry away the Soil, Dirt, Dust, and Filth off and from some Parts of the said Streets, and to fwccp, cleanse, and carry away the Soil, Dirt, Dust, and Filth oft’and from ’Trustees may ‘ other Parts thereof;’ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be compound with lawful to and for the said Trustees. or any Five or more of them, being the major Part of the Trustees the Lord of the present at any Meeting, and they mail have full and sufficient Power and Authority, by Force of this Manor; Act, from Time to Time, and at any Time hereafter, to contract with the Lord or Lady of the said Manor, or his, her, or their Lessees, Farmers, or Tenants of the Tolls and Markets aforesaid, or any of them, for the yearly cleansing and carrying away, or sweeping, cl anfing, and carrying away the Soil, Dirt, Dust, and Filth from such Parts of the said Streets as aforesaid, for such Pri e or Prices, Sum or Sums of Money, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable; and upon Payment of the Price or Prices, Sum or Sums of Money, reserved and agreed to be paid by such Contract, the Lord or Lady of the said Manor, and his, her, and their Lessees, Tenants, and Farmers of the said Tolls and Markets respectively, shall be absolutely discharged and acquitted off and from the cleansing and carrying away, and (weeping, cleansing, and carrying away the Soil, Dirt, Dust, and Filth from such Parts of the said Streets as aforesaid, so long and during all the Time that any such Contract shall exist. other wise to

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further cna#ed, That at all Times when no such Contract or ciemfe pursuant Agreement does or shall exist, the Lord or Lady of the said Manor, or his, her, and their Lessees, lothegenerilDi- Tenants, and Farmers of the said Tolls and Markets, shall continue to cleanse and carry away, and Te^onio Ttu‘ fweCp^ cleanse, and carry away the Soil, Dirt, Dust, and Filth off and from all such Parts of the said

Stre.ts, as aforesaid, on such Days of the Week, and at such Time and Times of the Day, as the said

Trustees shall order and appoint for the fwceping, cleansing, and carrying away the Soil, Dirt, Dust, and Filth from the other Parts of the said Streets respectively, and under such reasonable Penalties and Forfeitures for every Omission as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time order and dire#, not exceeding Five Shillings for any One Offence; all which Penalties the said Trustees are hereby authorised to impefe, from Time to Time;, and the lame shall and may be recovered, levied, paid, and applied, in Manner herein after mentioned.

TTbeTollt,

XXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing

d‘n this Act contained shall extend, or be construed, adjudged, or taken to extend, to injure, defeat, lessen,

11 ' or in any Respe# aft’e# the Right of the Lord of the Manor of Gainsburgh aforesaid for the Time being,

or his Successors, Lords or Lad es of the said Manor, to the demanding or receiving any Tolls or other Revenues whatsoever within the said Town or Manor, which the Lords of the said Manor were by Law intitled to demand and receive before the passing of this Act; but that all such Tolls and Revenues shall

remain

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 2r. 553

remain and continue to be hereafter paid or recovered in such Manner as if this Act had never been passed j any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful Soil, to and for the said Trustees, and the Scavenger or Scavengers to be by them appointed by virtue oft^1*3 how^ V Act, and all others by them or by such Scavenger or Scavengers employed, to cause the Soil, Dirt, Dust, ow J v °* and Filth, which shall be carried from and out of the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Passages, in the said Town, to be unloaden, cast down, and deposited in Laystalls, upon such convenient Part or Tarts of the Common or Waste Ground within the said Manor, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them,

shall from Time to Time order and direct; paying to the Lord of the said Manor of Gainsburgh aforesaid for the Time being the Sum of One Shilling at every Michaelmas Court Leet, as an Acknowledgement for his Right "as Lord of the Soil for every such Laystall; and to sell and dispose of the same, and cause the same to be taken away again by or for the Use of the Purchr fers thereof, when they shall see convenient; and that the said Trustees shall and may apply and pay the Money arising from the Sale thereof in and towards the more effectual fwceping and cleaning the said Streets.

XXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall tajee, or cause to be Penalty un retaken away, any Part of the Soil, Dirt, Dust, or Filth, from any such Laystall as aforesaid, without thelon?»

Licence of the said Trustees or their Scavenger or Scavengers, and shall be thereof convicted by Oath r^fcc 3°fc\‘^c;r of One credible Witness, before any One Justice of the Peace for the Parts of Lindsey in the County scwngei^, cjt-of Lincoln (which Oath such Justice is hereby authorised and required to administer) every Person so of- rym* any fending shall forfeit and pay for every separate Offence the Penalty or Sum of Twenty Shillings, to be^b^-levied by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods or Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One Justice of the Peace for the said Parts, in Manner aforesaid, and pay unto or to the Use of the (Vid Trustees, to be by them applied in and towards the sweeping and cleansing the Streets and other Places aforesaid.

XXXI. ‘And whereas the Streets in Gainsburgh are in many Places greatly obstructed, and dangerous Tmrt-fs to re- to Foot Pafleneers, by Steps being brought out an unreasonable Way into the Streets, and Polls let out mJVC Nauances.

into the said Streets, and Hatches made therein into Cellars, and other Conveniencies, many of which may also interfere with the proper and regular forming of such new intended Pavements be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Owner and Occupier of any House or Houses in the said Town, to which any such Steps, Posts, Hatches, or other Incroachments now made in the said Streets, or hereafter to be made therein, do or shall belong, shall, at their own Costs and Charges, within Fourteen Days after Notice in Writing shall be given to them respectively, or left at their respective Dwelling-houses, under the Hands of any Hve or more Trustees (pursuant to an Order of Trustees directing such Notice to be given) remove and take away all such Steps, Posts, Hatches, Incroachments, and Nuisances, in the said Streets, or otherwise alter and reform the Came, in such Manner as in such Notice shall be expressed or directed; and in case of any Neglect or Refusal so to do, within Founecn Days next after such Notice given, it shall and may.be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order, direct, and cause the same to be removed, t.iken down, or abated, or otherwise altered and reformed, by such skilful Workman or Workmen as they shall appoint, at the Costs and Charges of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to remove or reform the same; and in case such Costs and Charges shall not be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall order and appoint to demand and receive the same, within Ten Days after such Demand made, such Costs and Charges shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Person so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One Justice of the Peace for the Parts of Lindsey aforesaid, in Manner aforesaid, and be paid to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to the Person or Persons so appointed to demand and receive the same, and by them applied in Payment of the Costs and Charges of removing or reforming such Nuisances respectively: Provided that no such Incroachment which hath been made and remained by the Space of Twenty Years shall be removed by virtue hereof, unless the same shall interfere with the regular forming of the said new intended Pavements.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, A certain Port in or shall be deemed or construed to extend, to empower the said Trustees to remove a Post now (landing^/

in a certain Street in Gainsburgh aforesaid, called Cashgate Laney for preventing Carriages from coming tobc ,eaiovtd-into the said Lane or Strcer.

XXXIII. And, for the better avoiding and preventing of all Annoyances in the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, For preventing and Passages aforesaid, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Cart, Waggon, At)ru > m pr other Wheel Carriage, shall be permitted to remain in any of the Streets in the said Town, but in or* ^rriS/'tce?.fby der to th loading or unloading thereof, and for either of those Purposes not longer than the Space of1 Two Horns at any One Time, or such other reasonable Time as the said Trustees shall order and permit,

nd then only in such Parts of the said Streets where there can and shall be left sufficient Space for any orher loaded Waggon or other Carriage to pass by the Carriage lo left Handing in the said Street, without Danger or Difficulty, under the Penalty of Five Shillings for every Offence 5 to be paid by the Owner or Person having the Charge of such Carriage, and to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned: And that no Horses or other Cattle whatsoever, drawing, or coming with any such Cart, W ag-gon, or other Wheel Carriage, or on any other Occasion, shall be foddered in any of the said Streets,

554 C. 2l. Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

or in any Lanes, Alleys, or Passages, within the said Town, on any Pretence or Occasion whatsoever,-under the Penalty of Five Shillings for every such Offence, to be paid by the Owner or Person having the Charge of any such Horses or Beasts, and recovered, levied, and applied, as herein after is mentioned; and that no Truck* Sledge, Barrow, Barrel, Tub, Stall, Trcffel, Block, Box, Chelt, Case, Living Blocks, Bag or Package of any Kind, shall, upon any Pretence whatsoever, be left in any of the said Streets, feTr. m me Lanes, Alleys, or Passages, during the Night-time, under the Penalty of Two Shillings lor very such

Streets. Offence, to be paid by the Owner and Owners thereof, or Person so leaving the same, and recovered.

LeavingRubbil}»*cv‘ec^> an^ applied, as herein after is mentioned; and that no Dung, Lirter, Rubbish, Ashcs, or other cr Dung. Filth whatsoever, which shal 1 be brought into, or laid in, any of the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, or Passages, ir all be continued therein alter the letting of the Sun the same Day in which the same was so brought out or laid therein, under the Penalty of Five Shillings for every such Offence, to be paid by the person or Persons causing the same to be fobrough: out and laid in the said Streets, and recovered Dewing w>h and applied as herein after mentioned; and that no Carr, Waggon, or other Carriage, shall be drawn

Dai row Wheels, upon any of the said new Pavements, with any other Tire, or larger Number of Horses or Bealls, than at such Time may lawfully pass upon Turnpike Roads, under the Penalty of Five Shillings for every Offence, to be paid by the Owner or Driver of every such Carriage, and recovered and applied as herein after mentioned.

Recovery *nd

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures in-Applicanon of currcd, by reason of any of the Annoyances aforesaid, shall be levied and recovered by Distress and ren-itiM torAn- gaje of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels found within the said Town, by Warrant under the Hand Horaces. and gcaj any One Justice of the Peace for the Parts of Lindsey in the County of Lincoln \ which Warrant or Warrants such Justice is hereby Empowered to grant, upon Information of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered to administer); and the Money, when recovered, after deducing the Charges of taking, keeping, and felling such Distress, and rendering such Overplus, if any be, and be demanded, shall be paid to the Lord of the Manor of Gainsburg aforesaid, in lieu of his Amerciaments which he might have received, had any such Offences been presented at the Leet.

Saving to the

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this. Lord Qi the M*- Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent dr hinder the Lord of the Manor of Gainsburg aforesaid, or any other Person or Persons, from having or taking any legal Remedy against any Person or Persons for any Encroachments or Nuisances that are or shall be made within the said Town, or for any of the Annoyances herein immediately before authorised to be avoided and prevented* or in any other Manner to lessen or defeat any legal Power or Privilege, Franchise, or Authority of the said Lord, or any of the Juries or Officers of his Courts or Lects within the said Manor (save only the Power or Authority, if any such there shall be, of preventing or hindering, in any Respect, the Execution of this Act, or of punching any Person or Persons who shall have been before punished by authority of this Act for the same Offence); but that the said Lord, Juries, and Officers respectively, shall and may exercise and enjoy all and every such Powers, Privileges, Franchises, and Authorities (save only and except as before is laved) in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they have heretofore used to do, and of Right could or might have done, in case this Act had not been made.

For purchasing

XXXVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be law-B«iidi*g»rowi- fu] to ancj for t|1€ said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, (being the Majority of any Meeting)* cn t t rccts. anj t^ey are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, as they shall have Opportunity and shall think it necessary, to contract and agFee with the Owner or Owners of any Messuage, House, Shop, Ground, or Tenement, situate in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, or Passages, for the Purchase of any such Messuage, House, Shop, Ground, or Tenement, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, and to pay and apply Part of the Money intended to be borrowed by the Authority of this for the Purchase thereof; and to take down such Messuage, House, Shop, or Tenement, or any Part thereof rc— speddively, and lay the Ground whereon the same was situate, or such other Ground as aforesaid, into any of the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, or Passages: Provided that the said Trustees shall not give more than Twenty-five Years Purchase for any such Messuage, House, Shop, Ground, or Tenement, or any Part thereof respectively, according to the real and true yearly Rent or Value thereof.

Luting.

XXXVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when all the said Streets,

Lanes, Alleys, and Passages, in the said Town shall be new paved and completed, or sooner, if the Majority of all the said Trustees shall think proper and shall so order and diredi, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered and authorised to apply any Part of the Monies arising by this Act in the purchasing, providing, fixing, and renewing, of such and so many Lamps of such Sizes and Sorts, and such and so many Polls, Irons, and other Materials for fixing thereof, as may be thought requifuc and necessary for the lighting all or any of the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Passages, in the said Town, and may at any Meeting order, diredi, and cause such Lamp* to be set up within the said Town of Gainsburgh, in such Manner, and in such Places, and afc such Distances One from the other, as they the said Trustees, or any Tive or more of them, shall, from Time to Time, think proper; and may also con radt with any Person or Persons for the lighting of all such Lamps at such Seasons of the Year and at such Hours of the Evening, as they shall think necessary; and may pay ami apply any Part of the Monies arising by this Aci (with the Con Cent of the Creditors

who

555

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 21.

who may have lent any Monies on the Credit thereof) in Discharge of the Expences of lighting, cleaning, supplying, and repairing, the said Lamps: Provided that such Expences do not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds in 2ny One Year.

XX. A

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the sole Property of the Property of said Lamps, and the Posts, Irons, and Furniture thereunto belonging, shall be, and are hereby alTolutely Lamps, fifr.vWI. vested in the said Trustees, and their Successors, to be ele&ed in Manner before mentioned; and they, ortd m tiic rruf* any 1 'wo or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to bring Actions, or prefer Indictments, ccs* in the Names of any Two or more of them, against any Person or Persons who shall wilfully break, damage, or spoil, or lteal, or take away, the said Lamps, or ary of them, or anV/of the Polls, Irons, or Furniture thereto belonging: And if any Person shall wilfully break, throw down, damage or extin-

fuifh, any Lamp or Lamps that shall be set up by Authority hereof, or the Furniture thereof; every

erson so offending shall, for the First Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings, for the Second the Sum of Forty Shillings, and for the Third and every other Offence the Sum of Three Pounds, for each Lamp, Post, Iron, or other Furniture so extinguished, broken, thrown down, or injured, over and above all Damage done by such Offender, upon being convicted thereof upon Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any One Justice of the Peace for the Parts aforesaid, to be paid unto any One or more of the said Trustees, and applied towards the repairing, cleaning, and lighting, the said Lamps.

XXXIX. 6 And whereas there is not any Provision in Force for establishing an useful Nightly Watch Watching 1 in the said Town of Gainsburgh betwixt the Fourteenth of September and Ascension-day in every Year;

but the Inhabitants of the said Town have immemorially performed, or paid certain Sums of Money as Compositions in Excuse for not performing, the personal Duty of Watch and Ward, between the Ascension-day and the Fourteenth of September yearly, which is found of no Utility at that Season of the Year; for Remedy whereof,’ it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when all the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Passages, in the said Town shall have been new paved and completed, or sooner if the Majority of all the said Trustees shall think proper and so order and direct, the said Trustees, or any Five of them, being the Majority of Trustees present at any Meeting, shall and may and are hereby authorised and impowered to constitute and appoint a Beadle or Constable of the Watch for the said Town, who shall be sworn as a Constable for the Night by the Steward of the Leet, or any One Justice of the Peace for the Parts of Lindsey aforesaid, and also such a Number of other Watchmen for the said Town as shall be thought necessary, and the same to remove, and appoint others, when and as they shall see Occasion; and also to make all such Rules and Orders for the better regulating such Watch, and the Times, Places, and Hours of watching, as they shall think neccft'ary; \

and to order, issue, and pay unto such Beadle or Constable, and Watchmen, such Salaries or Wages as they shall think reasonable for their Service, Care, and Fidelity; and to apply (by and with the Consent of the Creditors who have advanced and lent Money thereon) any Part of the Duties herein after authorised to be received and levied in and towards such Purposes; and that at all Times, when the said Truf-toes shall have made and shall accordingly execute such Orders, Rules, or Regulations, the personal Duty of Watch and Ward, now incumbent on all the Inhabitants of the said Town, shall cease for such Time as the said Trustees shall continue so to execute the same; and during all such Time as aforesaid the Inhabitants of the said Town shall pay, and are hereby made liable and required to pay, unto such Beadle or Constable of the Watch, for the Use of the said Trustees, the several Sums of Money heretofore payable by them in Excuse of such personal Duty; that is to say. The Sum of Four-pence for each Turn of Watching; upon Demand made thereof on such Inhabitants respectively, under the Penalty of One Shilling for every Neglect or Refusal to pay the same; to be recovered as herein after is mentioned, and paid the said Trustees, or any One or more of them, and applied towards the Expence of such Watching.

XL. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Twenty-Duty on Cotit* fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred any sixty-nine, for all Coals which shall be brought to the Town of Gainsburgh aforesaid, either by Land or Water-carriage, and shall be there landed or unloaded, there shall be paid unto the Collector or Collectors, to be nominated and chosen by the said

Trustees in Manner herein after mentioned, the Rates and Duties following; that is to say, for every Chaldron of Coals containing F'orty-eight Strikes, or heaped Winchester Bushels, the Sum of One Shilling; and for every Ton of Coals sold by Weight, the Sum of Flight-pence, and so in Proportion for every greater or letter Quantity of Coals; and that the said Sum or Sums of Money to be paid for Duty as aforesaid, shall be paid by the Master or Owner, or other Person or Persons having the Care or Conduct of the Ship, Boat, or Veflll, Waggon, or other Carriage, wherein or whereupon such Coals shall be shipped, loaden, carried, or conveyed, immediately after such Coals shall be unloaded and delivered from such Ship, Boat, Veil'd, Waggon, or other Carriages reflectively.

XLI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twen-coils to be mem-ty-fourth Day of One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, all Coals fold and delivered at Gain]- Cured.

burgh aforesaid, either for the Use and Consumption of the said Town, or of any other Place or Places, shall be measured or weighed respectively in the Presence of the Collector or Colie&ors, Measurer or Measurers, or of some other Person appointed by the said Trustees to measure, weigh, and deliver the same respectively; and that if any Person shall fell and deliver, or cause to be sold and delivered any Coals, /

4B2 without

556 C. 2l. Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

without being measured or weighed respectively by the proper Officer or Officers hereby appointed or authorised to be appointed to measure or weigh the same, or by a false or less Measure than is hereby directed to be provided for the measuring of Coals as aforesaid; every Person so offending shall, for every such OtFence, ft rfeit and pay to the said Trustees the Sum of Forty Shillings; to be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending, by Warrant under the Hand or Hands of any One Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Parts of Lindjcy, (which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered to grant); and the Overplus of the Money to be raised by such Distress and Sale that shall remain after Payment and Deduction of the said Penalties, and the Charges and Expences of such Distress and Sale (if any such there shall be) shall be p. id and returned to the Owner or Owners of the Goods and Chattels so distrained and fold, when and as so on as the same shall be demanded.

Measurr?, &<,

XLII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any to be apfoiated.pjve or more of them (being the major Part of the Trustees present at any of their said Meetings) by Writing under their Hands and Seals, shall and may choose and appoint One or more fit Person or Persons to be a Principal Measurer or Measurers, Weigher or Weighers, and Two or more Assistant Measurers or Weighers of such Coals as aforesaid, and One or more Collector or Collectors of such Duty as aforesaid; and such Principal Measurer or Measurers of Coals may also be Collector or Collectors of the said Duty (if the said Trustees shall think proper) and One or more Person or Persons to be a Treasurer or Treasurers, for receiving all Duties, Sum and Sums of Money, payable to the said Trustees by virtue of this Act; and such Treasurer or Treasurers, out of the Money arising by and out of the said Duty, shall and may make such Allowance to the said Measurer and Measurers, Weigher and Weighers, Collector or Collectors, and to the Clerk or Clerks by the said Trustees to be appointed, for and in Consideration of his and their Care and Pains respectively taken in the Execution of their several and respective Offices, as to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall seem proper and reasonable, and as such Trustees shall accordingly order and direct; and that the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, from Time to Time, remove such Measurer or Measurers, Weigher or Weighers, Collector or Collectors, Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, or any of them, as they shall see Occasion, and appoint new Ones in case of Death or such Removal.

Writers and

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of a<ft-

M?aiurer3 of ing as One of the Weighers and Measurers to be appointed as aforesaid, until he shall, before One of His c< ais to take an Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Parts (who is hereby authorised and required to administerthe °ath# fame) take an Oath in the Words or to the Effect following 5 to wit.

The Oath.

c T A B do swear. That I will truly and faithfully execute the Office of Weigher and Measurer of Coals 1 A for the Town of Gainsburgh, and that I will truly and impartially measure and weigh all Coals, bc-‘ tween Buyer and Seller, without Favour :*

So help tnt God,

Remedy in case of Nonpayment of the Duties.

which Oath the said Justice is hereby required to certify to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said Parts, there to remain upon Record.

Duties to be paid

XLIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Person and Persons to the Collector as js or are hereby made liable to pay such Duties as aforesaid, shall pay the same to such Collector or nDemand. Collectors as shall from Time to Time be appointed for that Purpose, upon Demand; and such Collector and Collectors respectively shall from Time to Time pay the same over into the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers within such Times as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them shall order and appoint.

XLV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of Neglector Refusal to pay the said% Duties, or any Part thereof, in Manner as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector and Collectors, by Order or Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them (which Warrant such Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby impowered to grant without calling any Meeting for that Purpose, and the same may be without StampJ so soon as such Coals shall be landed or delivered out of any Ship, Boat, Vessel, Waggon, or other Carriage, to seize and distrain such Ship, Boat, Vessel, Waggon, or other Carriage, whether the same shall be then empty or wholly unladen, or shall be Part loaded or laden with any other Goods, and the same to keep and detain until the Duties, together with Twenty Shillings for the Costs of such Warrant and Distress, shall be satisfied and paid, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act: And in case the said several Sums of Money for which such Distress shall be so taken, or any Part thereof, shall not be duly paid within Three Days after such Distress taken, together with Twenty Shillings for the Costs of such Distress; that then if shall and may be lawful to and (or such Collector and Collectors so distraining, to cause the said Ship, Boat, Vessel, Waggon, or other Carriage so distrained, to be appraised by Two* skilful Persons, in the Presence of both or One of the Constables of the said Town of Gainsburgh for the Time being, and after such Appraisement to sell and dispose of the same, rendering to the Owner or Owners thereof, or to his, her, or their Agent or Agents, or leaving with the Master or Conductor of such Ship, Boat, Vessel, Waggon, or other Carriage so distrained, the Overplus (if any there be) and the same

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 21. 557

fame be demanded; reasonable Charges being first allowed out of the same unto such Collector or Collectors for the taking, keeping, and felling such Distress.

XLVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That no-Drawback allow* thing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to charge any Coals brought to thced m Co*:? cr.n* Town of Gainsburgh aforesaid, which shall not be used or consumed in the said Town; and that in case ©-it of ib» any Quantity of Coals landed or unloaden in the said Town of Gainsburgh^ for which the Duties granted lovvn: by this Act shall have been paid and fatiafied, shall afterwards be carried and conveyed out of the said Town, in order to be used or consumed in any other Town or Place; then and in such Case the Person or Persons who shall have paid the Duties for the same, shall be intitled to a Drawback or Defalcation of the Duties so paid for such Quantity of Coals so carried and conveyed away from, and used and consumed out of, the Town of Gainsburgh; such Drawback to be immediately repaid by the Treasurer or Receiver of the said Duty, upon producing a proper Certificate from the Collector or Collectors; and the same shall be allowed to such Treasurer in his Account by the said Trustees, upon his producing proper Vouchers or Receipts for the same.

XLVII. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer or Receiver, Bit such Corfs so paying such Drawback, to deduct and retain thereout, a Sum, not exceeding Four-pence Halfpenny to p*y ior mea-for every Chaldron, and Three-pence for every Ton of Coals, in respect whereof such Drawback shall'unns0,17* be allowed, for the Charge and Trouble of measuring or weighing the same; and so in proportion for any lesser Quantity than a Chaldron or Ton.

XLVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better and more re- T'use?s to find gular collecting of the said Duty, the said Trustees, and their Successors, or any Five or more of them, Scj es>

being the Majority of any Meeting, out of the Duties granted by this Act, shall find and provide a fuf- *w

ficient Number of Bushels, of Standard Measure, and a sufficient Number of Beams, Scales, and ‘

Weights, to be delivered to and kept by the said Collector or Collectors, in order to measure and weigh such Coals as shall be fold or delivered as aforesaid, and also a sufficient Number of Sacks made and marked as herein after mentioned, to be used for the carrying of such Coals; and that no Coals shall be fold or delivered at Gainsburgh aforesaid, either for the Use apd Consumption of the said Town, or of any other Place or Places, but such as shall be measured or weighed respectively as aforesaid, and delivered to the Buyer or Buyers thereof, or his or their Agent or Agents, in the Presence of the Collector or Collectors, or some other Person or Persons to be appointed by the said Trustees to measure, weigh, and deliver the same, under the Penalty of Forty Shillings for every Oft'ence, to be paid by the Person felling or delivering such Coals to the said Trustees, and received and levied by the Collector or Collectors as the said Duties on Coals are hereby directed to be recovered and levied.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Coals shall beTruflrcs to pro-carried for Hire by any Porter or Labourer in the said Town, but in sacks provided by the said Trustees, of the Width of Twenty-seven Inches at the least; and of Depth sufficient to contain Two heaped Win-"ac s* xbtjlrr Bushels below the Lap or Slit, and on which some Mark or Stamp shall have been set by Order of the said Trustees; which Sacks shall be bought and provided by the said Trustees, and such Stamp or Marie fixed by their Order thereon; and the same shall be delivered by the Collector or Collectors to all such Porters or Labourers when and as often as they shall require the same, upon Payment of the prime Cost thereof, under the Penalty of Five Shillings for every Offence, to be paid by such Porter or Labourer to the said Trustees, and recovered and levied by the Collector or Collectors as the said Duties on Coals are hereby authorised to be recovered and levied.

L. Provided also, That if any Person residing in any other Place than the Town of Gainsburgh, whoperfemnot in shall purchase Coals to be delivered to him or her at a Place in the Parish of Gainsburgh aforesaid called habitants of the Morton, shall give One Day's Notice to the Collector or Collectors, Principal Measurer or Measurers, Town of Cainl-©f his or her Desire to have the same measured or weighed in such Manner as if the same had been delivered within the said Town; it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are required here- to^mav havtT by to cause One of their Measurers to attend at the said Place called Morton, to measure or weigli the their CojU fame; and the Seller of such Coals shall be obliged, and is hereby required, to deliver the same by such wei^U d. Measure or Weight as aforesaid.

LI. Provided always, That no Measurer shall be obliged to attend for the measuring or weighing any Cases in which less Quantity of Coals than Eight Chaldron, or Twelve Tons at the least; nor until the Person givingThe Measurer is such Notice shall deposit and pay to such Collector or Collectors, Measurer or Measurers, a Satisfaction tne"ld°bl;*ed 10 for the measuring or weighing thereof, not exceeding the Sum of Nine-pence for every Chaldron, or Six-pence for every Ton of Coals, so intended to be measured or weighed; the Overplus (if any) of such Money to be returned upon Demand.

[Collectors to

LII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Collector or Collectors shall keep an exact Account in Writing of all Coals landed, unladen, and brought to the said Town ofkcpp Accounts Gainsburgh^ and shall every Week deliver such Account to the Treasurer or Treasurers; and shall also, of Coa* eivcrc<i* at the Time of delivering such Accounts, pay unto such Treasurer all such Money as he or they shall respectively have then received for or on account of the Duty granted by this Act, or otherways, for the Use of the said Trustees; and the said Treasurer or Treasurers shall and may, out of the Money arising by and out of the said Duty, make such Allowance as aforesaid to the said Measurer and Measurers,

WeigheT and Weighers, Collector or Collectors* for and in Consideration of his and their Care and

Pains

558 C. 2r. Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

Collector not accounting to be Commuted.

Treasurer* to account.

No Trustee to comrudt.

For borrowing Money.

Application of the Monies.

Pains respectively taken in the Execution of his and their Office and Offices: Provided that no Principal Measurer shall employ any Assistant Measurer without an Order in Writing under the Hands of Two or more of the said Trustees, or of the Treasurer or Clerk.

LIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Cglledtor or Collectors of the said Duty, or any of them, shall neglect or refuse to make such Account and Payment as aforesaid, and shall be convicted of such Refusal or Neglect before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Parts of Llndfey in the County of Lincoln, as well by his or their own Confession or Confessions, as by the Oaths of Two or more credible Witnesses, (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer) that then, and in every such Case, such Justice or Justices shall, upon every such Conviction, commit such Collector or Collectors to the County Goal, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he or they shall have made a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, together with the Costs and Charges of prosecuting, the said Complaint and Commitment.

LIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer or Treasurers to be by the said Trustees appointed, shall Irom Time to Time pay and account for all such Monies as shall come to his or their Hands by virtue of this Act, unto any Five or more Trustees* being a Majority of any Meeting of Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and such Treasurer or 7 rcafurers shall from Time to Time issue, expend, and pay, all or any Part of the Monies which shall be by him received as aforesaid, to and for all or any of the^ Purposes to which the same is or shall be by this Act made payable or applicable, when and as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and every such Treasurer or Treasurers shall give Bond to the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, and renew the same from Time to Time when the same shall become necessary by the Death of Parties or otherwise, for his or their making such true and iuft Account and Accounts, Payment and Payments, from Time to Time, wlrcn thereunto required in Manner aforesaid; all which Accounts shall be entered in Books to be kept for that Purpose, and signed and agreed to from Time to Time by such Treasurer or Treasurers, and the said Trustees respectively; and such Books may be inspected by any of the Inhabitants of the said Town, upon Application to the Clerk or Clerks at any seasonable Time of the Day, without Fee or Reward.

LV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons who shall make any Contract, or shall have any Share or Interest in any Contract or Agreement for the doing or executing of all or any of the Works by this Act authorised, or for the providing or purchasing any Materials to be used therein, shall, during the Existence of such Contract, become a Trustee, or in any Manner act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act; nor shall any Person or Persons who shall have acted as a Trustee in the Execution hereof, make any such Contract, or have any Concern, Share, or Interest therein; and every (Trustee or other Person who shall make or have any Share, Concern, or Interest, in any such' Contract, or making or having such Share or Interest in any such Coiuradt, shall, during the Continuance thereof, prefqme to act as a Trustee, shall from thenceforth be disqualified, and rendered utterly incapable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution hereof, or being afterwards elected thereto.

LVI. And, to the End that the Pavements in the said Town may be the more expeditiously reformed and repaired, and other the Ends, Intents, and Purposes of this Act the more easily and effectually obtained, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them (being the major Part of the Trustees present at any Meeting) to order and direct any Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed for the Purposes of this Act; and for securing the Repayment thereof, by Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals, to bargain, fell, and assign over, all and every the Duties arising by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Proportion, Parts or Proportions thereof respectively, unto any Person or Persons for any Term or Number of Years; so as every such Assignment or Security be made redeemable on Payment of the Money to be borrowed thereupon respectively, with the Interest thereof, and the necessary and incidental Charges in the raising, levying, and collecting, the said Duty; and so as it shall be provided and agreed in the Securing or Securities to be made-for the same, that the said Trustees may repay any Part of the Principal Money, not less than the Sum of One hundred Pounds at any One Time, upon giving Three Months Notice to such Mortgagee or Assignee respectively; and so as every such Mortgagee or Assignee shall execute a Counterpart of every such Assignment or Security; and so as there shall not be any more than the Sum of One thousand Pounds owing at any One Time upon all such Assignments and Securities.

LVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies which shall, from Time to Time, be borrowed by Authority and in pursuance of this Act, shall he applied and disposed of in Manner and for the Purposes following; that is to say. In the First Place, for paying and defraying the Charges and Expences attending the passing of this Act; and in the next Place, for and towards the more effectual paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Paiiages, in such Manner as the same is herein directed to be paid and expended in and towards such Purposes respectively, and subject to such Directions in and towards all or any of such Purposes, in such Manner, and in such Proportions^, and at such Times, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall order, direct, orappefint; and that the clear Surplus of the Duties which shall be received by Authority of this Act, after paying the necessary and incidental Charges attending the receiving and

levying

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 2 r.

559

levying thereof, shall be paid, and applied from Time to Time, in the First Place, in discharging and keeping down the Interest of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be, from Time to Time, due and owing upon, or upon any Parts or ProportionsoF, the said Duties; and, after Payment of all such Interest, for and towards the discharging of the principal Sum or Sums which shall, from Time to Time, be so due thereon, or otherwise in the more effectual cleansing, iigh.ing, or watching, the said Streets, Lanes,

Alleys, and Passages, or in or towards all or any and such of the (laid Purposes as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, fhnli from Time to Time order and direct.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority afoiefai J, That it shall and may be lawful for the For said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, being the Majority of any Meeting of Trustees, and they are the |,ficcct Tor-hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, as they shall find it necessary, just, and reasonable, to order, direct, regulate, settle, and ascertain, the Rates and Wages of Porters and Labourers employed in carrying Coals For Hire from any Vessel or Place of Delivery upon or near the River Trent, within the Town of Gainsburgh aforesaid, or within the Hamlet of ALrton within the said Parish, or into any Part of the said Town or Hamlet, and into any House, or any Outhouse, Cellar, or Yard, belonging to any such House, or into any Carriage (landing in any Part of the said Town or Hamlet; and to publish such Orders and Regulations, by affixing true Copies thereof on the Market Pump, Town Hall, or some other publick and notorious Place within the said Town; and that all Persons who are or usually shall be employed in carrying Coals within the said Town or Hamlet for Hire, shall be obliged to accept and take such Rates, Wages, and Prices, as the said Trustees shall, from Time to Time, order and direct as aforesaid; and that every Person so usually employed in carrying Coals for Hire as aforesaid, who shall receive any larger Sum for such his Labour, or shall refuse to can y Coals according to the Rates and Prices so to be set by the said Trustees, after Tender to him made of so much Money as shall be conformable to fi.cli Rates and Prices, every Person so offending'shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Shillings; and it shall and may be lawful for the Collector or Collectors, determined by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of One Justice of the Peace for the Parts of Lindj'cy in the County of Lincoln (which Warrant such Justice is hereby impowered to grant) to levy the fan e by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender, in such AJanner as the said Duty upon Coals is herein before directed to be levied and raised.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed and to be incurred, or to be hereafter imposed by the said Trustees by any Order or Orders by them to behow rccovcI*i°its* made by Authority of this Act, for the Recovery whereof no other Provision, or no effectual Provision, is by this Act made, shall be le\ied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Parts of Lins'ry in the County of Lincoln: which vVarrantand Warrants the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby respectively impowered and required to ifiuc upon Conviction of the Off ender before any such One Justice, by the Confession of such Offender, or upon the Oath of any One credible Witness, which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby also required respectively to administrr; and the Overplus (if any) shall he returned, when demanded, to the Party whole Goods or Chattels shall be so distrained, the Charges of making, keeping, and felling, such Distress, and of such Warrant, being first deducted: And in case no sufficient Distress of the Goods or Chattels of any such Offender shall be found at the issuing of any such Warrant or Warrants of Distress as aforesaid; then, and in such Case, it shall and maybe lawful for the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted as aforesaid, to commit him, her, or them, to the House of Correction for the said Parts, to be kept to hard Labour for any Term not exceeding Three Months, or until such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be paid.

LX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person Person?afpriev* or Persons shall find or think him, her, or themselves, aggrieved by the Judgement of any Justicem*ya?P",*lr.oli,e or Justices, Trustee or Trustees, to be made in purftiance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appea to the Justices of the Peace at the next Quarter Sessions to be held for the said Parts of LinJjey; which Justices are hereby impowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint or Appeal, and to award Cofrs to the Party in whose Favour the same shall be determined; and such Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive upon all'vhofr IMermi-Parties, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoeverjkc into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere.

LXI. Provided ailo. That any Trustee acting in the Execution of this Act, who is or shall be in the Tru'Vrs miy Commission of the Peace for the Parts of Lir.dfcy in the County of Lincoln, may act as a Justice of the Peace Ji-ft-cr?. in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding his being a Trustee; and all Inhabitants of the Town of Tnh.iMtanr* Gainsburgh aforesaid may be admitted and shall be adjudged to be competent Wirnefies. be Wimeflw.

LXII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures to be recovered or Aprl.-ntiMr* 06 levied by virtue of this Act, and not herein before or hereby otherwise particularly disposed of, shall be paid Penalt.es. to the said Trustees, feme or One of them, their Collector or Collectors, Treaftireror Treasurers; to be applied towards the paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, or watching, the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys,

2nd Passages aforesaid, or to any and such of the said Purposes as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, from Time to Time, order and directs

Xina’trnn of A t t-uii i.

C< ner-1 IiTuc.

Trocar

Or? Mor.tVs Kctice.

560 C. 2i>2 2. Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons (or any Mailer or Piling done in pursuance of this Act, such Suit ill all be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise, and shall belaid in the County of Lincoln, and not clfuwhere; and every Defendant in such Action or Suit may plead the General Wuc, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence on any Trial to be had thereupon: and if it shall appear to be done in pursuance of this Act, or that such Action or Suit was brought after the Time before limited, or in any other County, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue such Action or Suit, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or De-fendan s shall recover reble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same that any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

No Action to be

LXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit brr.uzht till arter shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, far any Matter or Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until Notice thereof in Writing shall have been delivered to him or them, or left at his or their Place or Places of Abode, by the Party intending to commence such Action, or his Attorney or Agent, One Calendar Month at the least before such Action brought; in which Notice the Cause of such Action shall be clearly Expressed, and on the Back thereof shall be indorsed the Name of the Plaintiff, his Attorney, or Agent; and that no Plaintiff shall recover in any such Case, unless it be proved upon the Trial that such Notice was given as aforesaid; but in Default thereof, a Verdict shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants, together with the like Costs of Suit as though the Verdict had been given upon the Mciits.

LXV. Provided also, and it is likewise enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Defendant, within One Calendar Month after such Notice given as aforesaid, to tender Amends to the Plaintiff, his or her Attorney or Agent, and if the same is not accepted, to plead such T ender in Bar to any Action to be brought against him, together with the Plea of Not Guilty, and any other Plea with Leave of the Court; and if, upon issue joined, the Jury shall find the Amends tendered to have been sufficient, they shall give a Verdict for such Defendant: and in such Case, or if the Plaintiff shall become Nonsuit, or discontinue his or her Action, or in case Judgement shall be given for such Defendant upon Demurrer, such Defendant shall be intitled to the like Costs as if he had pleaded the General issue only fnhVick Act.

LXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be a Publick Act;

and all Judges and Justices are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

T*'vlrr of All' I.C:.

CAP. XXII.

An Act to amend, and render more effectual an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving the Streets, and other Places, in that Part of the Parish of Saint Botolph Aldgate which lies in the County of Middlesex, and Part of a Strut% called East Smithfield, in the Precinct of Saint Catherine; and for cleansing^ lightings and watching the same, and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving the Streets, and other Places, in that Part of the Parish of Saint Botolph Aldgate which lies in the County of Middlesex; and Part of a Street, called East Smithneld, in the Precinct of Saint Catherine; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the same, and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; certain Commissioners therein named are impowered to borrow a Sum not exceeding Four thousand five hundred Pounds, by way of Annuities for Lives; the Interest whereof is determined by the said Act charged upon and payable out of the Money arising and to arise by certain Rates or Assessments by the said Act directed to be laid upon all Persons who shall inhabit, hold, or occupy, any Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Wharf, Cellar, Vault, or other Tenement, within the District comprised in the Act: And whereas the Sum granted by the said Act has been found insufficient to complete the good Purposes intended thereby; and it will be impossible to complete the same without an additional Rate or Assessment: And whereas the said Act has in several other Particulars been found defective: May it therefore please Your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

forW«tt!r°nr"s Por:^> an<^ Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authorky of the same. That the Xi\\a Ex*cU.S Commissioners named in, and elected or to be elected in pursuance of, the said former Act shall be, and tioa. are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Commissioner appointed or to be

*w\TihcCt' appointed to Put the said former Act and this present Act in Execution, shall neglect to attend at the Office of Com- Meetings of the said Commissioners, to be held for the Execution of the said former or this present Act, muiioner. for the Space of Six Calendar Months, (unless prevented by Sickness, or other unavoidable Occasion) that then, and in every such Case, the rest of the Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall and

may

PreatriWe, reci- t ting 7 Geo. III. c. 8$. not printed in the vjttal Co Ik eft on

Of Pbthick /itU. < ( c c

t

c

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 22. 561

may proceed to the Election of a new Commissioner in the Room of such Commissioner so absenting himself, in such and the like Manner as by the said former Ac\ is directed in Case of the Death of any Commissioner, or his Removal or Refusal to act; and every Person so elected is hereby declared to be veiled with the same Powers, for putting the said former and this present Act in Execution, as the Person in v/hofe Place he shall be so chosen was veiled with. r < o '

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act,’^on 'ca* One or more Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall, instead and in lieu of the Rate or Rates,

Assessment or Assessments, authorised and directed to be made, laid, and aflifTed by the said former Act, be

four Times in every Year made, laid, and assessed by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, of and upon all and every Person and Persons who do and shall inhabit, hold, or occupy, any Land,

House, Shop, vVarehouse, Wharf, Cellar, Vault, or other Tenement, within the said Streets, Lanes, and Places respectively, within the said District comprised in this Act, and in such competent Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall then order and diicct; so as such Rates or Assessments, when so made and aflcfTed, do not exceed or be more than after the Rate of Two Shillings and Nine-pence in the Pound, in the Whole, in any One Year, of the then yearly Rent, or then yearly Value of any of the said Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Wharfs, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements; nor more than after the Rate of Two Shillings in the Pound, in the Whole, in any One Year, of the then yearly Rent, or yearly Value of any of the said Houses which shall be then let at any Rent or Rents not exceeding the yearly Rent of Nine Pounds; nor more than after the Rate of Two T hird Parts of such respective Rates or Assessments, in any one Year, of the then yearly Rent, or yearly Value of any of the said Lands, Houses, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, within any of the Alleys or Courts comprised within the District of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, Rate ©a tht One or more further Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall, four Times in every Year, be made, L*n42ci>d».

Lid, and assessed, upon the Landlord or Owner of any Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Wh irf, Cellar,

Vault, or other Tenement, within the said Streets, Lanes, and Places respectively, within the said District comprised in this Act, and in such competent Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners,

or any Five or more of them, shall then order and direct; so as such Rates or Assessments, when so made, laid, or assessed, do not exceed or be more than after the Rate of Nine-pence in the Pound, in the Whole, in any one Year, of the then yearly Rent of such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Wharfs, Cellars,

Vaults, or other Tenements, as are or shall be let out to Tenants; nor more than Nine-pence in the Pound in the Whole, in any One Year, of the then yearly Value of such Lands, Houses, Snops, Warehouses, Wharfs, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, as are or shall be occupied by the respective Landlords or Owners thereof; which Rates or Assessments so to be laid, made, and aiTefTed, upon the respective Landlords or Owners as aforesaid, shall becollcdled from and p id by the Tenant or Occupier,

T enants or Occupiers of the respective Lands, Houses, Warehouses, Wharfs, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, for or in respect whereof such Rates or Assessments, shall be made, laid, or assessed; and in case any such Tenant or Occupier, Tenants or Occupiers, shall refuse to pay the same, then the said Rates and Assessments shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of him, her, or them, so refusing to pay the same: And the said Tenants and Occupiers shall and may deduct and retain, out of the Rents payable or to be paid by him, her, or them, to the Landlords and Owners of the same Premises, such Rates and Assessments so to be made, laid, or assessed, upon the said respective Owners or Landlords, and as shall be so paid by him, her, or them, and the said Owners or Landlords, are hereby required to allow to their respective Tenants such Deductions and Payments accordingly: And every Tenant paying such Rate or Assessment, for or upon the Landlord’s Account, shall be acquitted and discharged of and from so much and such Part of his, her, or their Rent, as the same shall amount unto, as fully and effectually as if the same had been actually paid 10 any such Landlord or Landlords; and in Default of Payment of the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments as aforesaid, or in case there shall not be a sufficient Distress on the Premises whereby the same can be levied and raised, then, and in either of the said cases, the same shall be and remain a Charge upon the said Premises; and shall and may be recovered of and from the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof respectively, by Action of Debt,

Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at iVeJImiriftery or in the Court for Recovery of Small Debts within the Tower Hamlets, or in any other Court for the Recovery of Small Debts within the Jurisdiction whereof the Person or Persons liable to nay the same shall inhabit or reside, to be commenced and prosecuted by such Collector or Collectors in the Name or Names of any one or more of the Commissioners; in which Action or Suit no Protection, Essoin, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be Rate* for House* lawful for the said Commissioners, or ony Five or more of them, from Time to Time, to compound with, nder P<r the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of any such Houses or Tenements, or any other Houses bec°il»

or Tenements within the said Streets and Places, the annual Rent or Value whereof shall be under Twenty poun or* Pounds, for the Rates by this Act authorised to be laid upon such Houses; so as in such Composition there be not remitted to any such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors respectively, more than One Third of the Rates by this Act laid upon such Houses respectively.

Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

562 C. 22.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Rate and Rates, Assessment and Assessments, to nu»lie# ’ be made, laid, assessed, or collected, in pursuance of this Act, shall from Time to Time, and at ail

Times hereafter, be and continue subject and liable to, and charged with, all, each, and every, the Annuity and Annuities, and other Charges and Incumbrances granted, made, or charged, in pursuance of the said former Act, upon the Rates or Assessments thereby authorised or directed to be made, laid, or assessed; and shall be accounted for, paid, applied, and made use of in such Manner, and to and for such Uses, Intents and Purposes, as the said Rates and Assessments, authorised and directed to be assessed and raised by the said former Act, are by the said former and this present Act directed to be accounted for, paid, and applied.

4coof. to be raif-

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for ed by Annuities $ any Person or Persons to contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, for the Uses and Purposes in the said former and this present Act mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, over and above the Sum of Four thousand five hundred Pounds directed to be advanced by the said former Act, for the absolute Purchase of One or more Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the full Term of the natural Life of such Contributor respectively, or the natural Life of such other Person or Persons as shall be nominated by or on the Behalf of such Contributor or Contributors respectively, at the Time of Payment of his, her, or their respective Contribution-money; so as the said Annuity or Annuities do not exceed the Rate of Nine Pounds by the Hundred, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum, to be paid as aforesaid; and so as the said Annuities, to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, do not at any One Time exceed in the Whole Three Hundred and sixty Pounds, to b* charged on

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Annuity or Afiftui-the whole Rates, tjes to purchased by virtue of this Act shall be and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable from Time to Time out of the Monies arising by the Rates and Assessments collected or to be collected by virtue of this present Act; and all and every the Contributor and Contributors, upon the Credit of the said former and this present Act, having paid, or duly paying the Consideration or Purchase-money at the Rate aforesaid, for any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, or his, her? or their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall have, receive, enjoy, and be intitled by virtue of this Act to have, receive, and enjoy, the respective Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased,' out of the said Rates or Assessments by this present Act appointed for the Payment thereof as aforesaid, during the Term of the natural Life of the Person to be nominated by each such Purchaser or Contributor as before mentioned; and that all and every such Purchaser and Purchasers, and their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, and (teemed inde- fl*all have good, sure, absolute, and indefeazible Estates and Interest in the Annuity or Annuities so by feasible Estate?, him, her, or them, respectively to be purchased according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this and the said former Act; and that none of the said Annuities shall now or hereafter be subject or liable to the Tax charged or to be charged upon Land by the Authority of Parliament: And that every Contributor upon this or the said former Act, for the Purchase of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, his, her. Receipt# and Or- or t*lc*r Assigns, upon Payment of the Consideration or Purchase-money, shall have a Receipt or Receipts der for Payment for the same, and also an Order on Parchment (which may be made out without any Stamp) for Payment to be signed; and of the said Annuity or Annuities, for and during the natural Life of the Person who shall be so nominated given to the Con- as aforesaid, by half-yearly Payments; which Order shall be signed by the said Commissioners or any Five tnbutors. or more of them, an(J after signing thereof the same shall be firm, valid, and of good Effect in the Law,

' according to the true Purport and Meaning of this and the said former Act.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Rates and Assessments herein directed to be collected, levied, and paid, shall, upon Default of Payment of the said Annuities granted or to be granted in pursuance of this or of the said former Act, vefl in the Annuitants until the same shall be fully paid and satisfied, together with Interest, and the Costsand Charges occasioned by the Nonpayment of the same; and the said Annuitants, in case there shall be any Arrear of the said Annuities, and until full Payment thereof, with Interest and Charges as aforesaid, shall have the same Powers and ^Authorities for auefling, collecting, distraining, and levying, the said Rates and Assessments, as are by this Act granted to the said Commissioners and their Collectors, or any of them.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Purchaser or Purchasers of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, at any Time or Times, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to assign such Annuity or Annuities, or any Part thereof, or Interest therein, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, and so toties queries j and a Memorandum or Entry of all such Orders or Assignments shall be made, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, at the Charges of the said Commissioners for which Entry or Memorandum Two Shillings and Six-pence shall be paid, and no more; and no such Assignment shall be deemed valid, unless such Memorandum or Entry shall be first made as aforesaid.

A# Annuitant#

XI. Provided always, That as such Annuitant or Annuitants shall die off, and such Rates and Assess-dic, Rate# to te ments can be lowered and reduced, the said Rates and Assessments to be laid on the Tenants and Occu-limered. pjers iowerej an(j reduced Nine pence in the Pound in the first Place, and in the next Place the whole Rate hereby laid and assessed upon the Landlords and Owners shall cease.

Money vested in

XII. And be lt^urther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies raised or collected by vir-Commissioners. tuc, or by means, or under the Authority of this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Commissioners j

In Default of Payment of the Annuities, the R ates to ft in the Annuitants.

Annuities may be assigned quona.

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 22. 563

Commissioners; and shall be applied for the Purposes of this and the said former Act, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Charges and e« pences of Act Expences of procuring and passing this Act shall be paid out of the first Monies which shall be raised by to be paid, virtue of this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Rates to be made, laid, or assef- Rates tob>fpn-fed, by virtue or in pursuance of this present Act, shall be allowed and signed by Two Justices of the^ by Two Jut-Peace acting in and for the said County or Place; who are also hereby impowered and required to granttKC8#

a Warrant or Warrants for collecting the same; and the said Rates, after the same shall, be so allowed and signed by the said Justices, shall be collected Quarterly, by such Person and Persons as are and shall be appointed, in pursuance of the said former Act, to collect the Rates or Assessments thereby authorised or directed to be made, laid, or assessed: And if any Person or Persons shall refuse, neglect, or omit, to pay Manner of Re-the Sum or Sums of Money which he, she, or they, shall be rated or assessed, in pursuance of this COjP?rr°/t Rate# Act; or in case any Sum or Sums of Money now is, are, or shall at any Time or Times hereafter be, an *rrcar9# in Arrear or unpaid, to any former or preceding Collector or Collectors, from any Person or Persons, for, in respe&, or on account of, any Rate or Assessment made, laid, or assessed, in pursuance of the said former Act, or to be made, laid, or assessed in pursuance of this Act, and the same shall not be paid to the Collector or Collectors for the Time beineof the said Rates or Assessments, within the Space of Ten Days after a personal Demand made thereof, or Demand in Writing left at the Place of Abode or Occupation of the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay, or being in Arrear as aforesaid; then, and in every or any such Case or cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collector or Collectors for the Time being, from Time to Time, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and required to levy the Sum or Sums so in Arrear or unpaid, after such Demand made as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so neglecting, refuting, or omitting, to pay the same: And in case no such Goods or Chattels can be found so to be distrained, or in case such Goods and Chattels shall be locked tip, or secured, or removed, from the said Collector or Collectors, so that he or they cannot distrain the same; then, and in either of the said cases, upon Information thereof given to the said Justices, or any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County or Place, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices, and they are hereby required to commit the Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County or Place where Arch Offences shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding the Space of One Month, or until the Payment of such Rate or Assessments and reasonable Charges occasioned by the Nonpayment thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that every Commissioner who is or shall of ,bet be a Justice of the Peace may, and is hereby impowered to act as a Justice of the Peace in all Cases re- co!w!^ionen0* lating to the said former and this present Act, notwithstanding his being a Commissioner; except in such 10°er>' Matters or Things as he shall be personally interdted in*

XVI. And whereas by the said former Act it is enacted, That Notice shall be given when, and foPena,t7 on p?f-

often as any Part of the Pavement shall be taken up for the Purposes therein mentioned, to the Survey- r^‘"§

or or Clerk to the said Commissioners, hut the Persons neglecting to give such Notice are not by the said up°Pavements"*

4 Act, subjected to any Penalty, by which the Effect of the said Provision is commonly evaded/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Person and Persons who shall refuse or neglect to give such Notice, as by the said Act is directed, of the breaking up any such Pavement or Pavements, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings, to be recovered and levied in Manner herein after directed.

XVII. And whereas many Houses within the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other Places, are, by Landlord* to be the several Owners and Proprietors thereof, let out in Lodgings or Tenements to divers Tenants, whereby mfwerabie for

it will be difficult to rate or assess the said Tenants in respect of such Houses, or to recover such Rates Hoofes

and Assessments when made: For Remedy whereof/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, l^tc®"t ,n ene’ That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, and at all Times when they meet to make a Rate or Assessment in pursuance of this Act, to rate and assess the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of such Houses or Tenements as shall be let to or occupied by Two or more Tenants; which Rate or Assessment shall be paid by the Occupier or Occupiers of any Part or Parts of such Houses or Tenements; and such Occupier or Occupiers of such Houses or Tenements is and are hereby authorised and required to pay such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be so rated and assessed upon the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, being duly demanded of such Occupier or Occupiers, and to dedu& the same out of his, her, or their respective Rents; and the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of such Houses or Tenements is and are hereby directed and required to allow such Deductions and Payments upon the Receipt of the Resid uc of his, her, or their Rents; and every such Occupier, paying such Assessment or Assessments', shall be acquitted and discharged for so much of his or her Rent as the said Assessment or Assessments so paid by him or her shall amount unto, as fully as if the same had been actually paid to the Person or Persons to whom his or her Rent shall be due and payable: And in case any Occupier or Occupiers of any Part of such Houses or Tenements shall refuse to pay the same, then the said Assessment shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of him, her, or them, so refuting to pay the same and in Default of Payment of the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, as aforesaid, or in case there shall not be so» nd

564 C. 22, 23. Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

a sufficient Distress on the Premises whereby to levy and raise the same, then, and in either of the said Cales, the said Assessments shall be and remain a Charge upon the said Premises, and shall and may be recovered of and from the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof respectively, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court for the Recovery of Small Debts within the Tower Hamlets, or in any other Court for the Recovery of Small Debts within the Jurisdiction whereof the Person or Persons liable to pay the same shall inhabit or reside, to be commenced and prosecuted by such Collector or Collectors, in the Name or Names of any One or more of the said Commissioners; in which Action or Suit no Protection, Essoin, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

Untensuited Hou-

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen that any of the Lands, Houses, Shops, to to be raicd. Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, within the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Places respectively within the District comprized in this Act, shall, at the Time of making any of the said Rates or Assdlments, be empty, untenacted, or unoccupied, then, and in every such Cale^ it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to rate and assess the said Premises and in such Case, as well as in case the said Premises shall, after the making of such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, become empty, untenacted, or unoccupied, One Half of such Rate or Assessment shall be a Charge on such Premises respectively, and be paid by the Fit ft Tenant or Occupier thereof, who shall and may, and is hereby authorised to deduct and retain the same out of his or her Rent;

and the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, of such Premises, is and are hereby required to allow such DeduCIion and Abatement upon the Receipt of the Residue of his, her, or their rdpeftive Rents; and the Tenant or Occupier shall be, and is hereby acquitted and discharged of and from so much of his or her Rent as the Rate or Assessment, so paid by nim or her, shall amount unto.

Grounds to be af-

XIX. And whereas by the said former Act it is enacted, That the Rates thereby directed to be made

lelll'd by the Square Yard.

Termer Act to extend to this.

Publick Act.

on all dead Walls, and on void Spaces of Ground, shall be laid by the Yard Running Measure, which has been found very unequal: For Remedy whereof,* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, all such dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground adjoining to the said Streets, Lanes, and other Places, shall be rated by the Square Yard at such Rate as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall judge reasonable, not exceeding Six-pence the Square Yard.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said former Act, as to all and every Matter, Clause, and Proviso, therein contained, and also as to every Fine, Penalty, and Forfeiture, thereby authorised to be imposed, or thereby inflicted for Offences committed, and the Manner of levying and recovering thereof, (except wherein otherwise provided for by this Act) shall be extended and extend to this Act, and to the Rates and Assessments hereby authorised and directed to be made, laid, and assessed, and be deemed Part thereof; and shall operate, be in force, and be observed, enforced, and performed, in respect to this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be taken and allowed in all Courts of Justice as a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices and others, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act of the Twenty eighth of His late Majesty, for the better enlightening and cleansing the Open Places, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts, within the Parish of Saint Bartholomew the Great> London, and regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the said Parish; and for impowering the Trustees, in the said Act named, to pave the said Streets and other Places within the said Parish, and to remove Annoyances and Obstructions.

aS Geo. II. c. 37.* it

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, certain Trustees are appointed for the better enlightening and cleansing the Parish of Saint Bartholomew the Great, London, and regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And whereas the Pavements in the said Parish are in general in a bad Condition, and many Annoyances and Obstructions remain in the Streets, and the Trustees appointed in the said Act can not amend or remove the same, without further Powers being granted by Authority of Parliament: And whereas the said Act has in several other Particulars been found defective; May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and* be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by Trustees for this and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of May\ in

the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, the Trustees appointed to put the

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 23. 565

said Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of His late Majesty's Reign in Execution, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be Trustees for putting in Execution all the Powers by this Act granied or given.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any Thirteen Fi.ft Mwting of or more of them, shall meet in the vestry-room of the said Parish, on the said First Day of May, in the'r,ufl«c»*

Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred sixty-nine, in order to put this Act in Execution; and shall and may, from and after that Time, by Ajournment, meet and assemble at the same Place, or at such other Place or Places within the said Parish of Saint Bartholomew the Great, as they, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint; and in case there shall not appear at any Meeting which shall be appointed NT°r!ce [° to be held, a sufficient Number of Trustees to ait at such Meeting, and to adjourn to another Day, then u-hr'n

and in such Case, One of the Churchwardens of the said Parish shall, by publick Notice in Writing toa be affixed on the Door of the Church of the said Parish on or before the Sunday next ensuing, appoint ber of Trader? <*$ the said Trustees to meet on some Day in the next Week after the Day on which such last Meeting was not mett 10 att. appointed to be held; and that the said Trustees shall at their Meetings defray their own Charges and Expences.

III. Provided always, That Five Trustees shall be sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only* to a<

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more Trurtew to make of them, so assembled, shall and may, from Time to Time, at any of their Meetings, make such Or-0^5* ders, Rules, and Regulations, as to them, or any Five or more of them, present at any such Meeting,

shall appear necessary, for the better and more efteaual carrying this Act into Execution.

V. And be it further enacted, That a Book or Books shall be prepared and kept by the said Trustees, or Proceeding? tg b* by such Person or Persons as they or any Fiveormore of them shall appoint, wherein shall be entered from ente"d ia lime to Time the fcreral Meetings, and the Names of the Trustees attending such Meetings, and the Beck* Nomination of all Officers and Persons who shall be employed in the Execution of this Act; and all Orders, Rules, and other Proceedings of the said Trustees at such Meetings, shall be subscribed by their

Clerk with his Name; and all such Entries so signed shall be deemed Originals, and shall be admitted to be read in Evidence in all causes, Suits, and Actions, touching any Thing done in Pursuance or by the Authority of this Act: And all such Books shall, at every Meeting of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, be liable to the Inspection of any Person rated and paying to the Rates and Assessments which shall be made by virtue of this Act. And the said Trustees, or any Thirteen or more of them, Trusteesmiy ip-shall and may, at their First and any subsequent Meeting, nominate and appoint One Person to be Clerk to the said Trustees; One other Person to be Treasurer of all the Monies to be raised or received determined by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act; One other Person to be Surveyor; and One other Person to act as Beadle to the said Trustees; and from Time to Time to remove such Officer or Officers respectively; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Thirteen or more of them, when and as often as any Vacancy shall happen in all or any of the said Offices by such Removal or Death, to no- a"d minate and appoint such other Person or Persons to be Clerk, Treasurer^ Surveyor, or Beadle, or any poi'others"P" of them, as the said Trustees, or any Thirteen or more of them, shall, at any publick Meeting to be heldp 1 0 cr

in pursuance of this Act, think fit; provided Notice in Writing of the Intention of the Question, to remove or displace such Officer, be expressed in the Summons for the said Meeting: And the said Trustees, Trustees to taki or any Thirteen or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby required to take such Security from Security.

Time to Time for the due Execution of the said Offices respectively, as they shall think proper: And Allowing them the said Trustees, or any Thirteen or more of them, mav, and are hereby impowered, out of the Monies f^Trcaru^er1' to be collected or received by virtue of this Act, to make such Allowances to the Clerk, Surveyor, and1 c urCT# Beadle, for the Time being, as to the said Trustees, or any Thirteen or more of them, shall seem reasonable; but no Allowance shall be made to the Treasurer for his Care or Trouble in executing* his Office as Treasurer.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any Thirteen or£nr P*r,n* more of them, may canfe all or any of the said Open Places, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, rcc and Courts, within the said Parish of Saint Bartholomew the Great, to be new paved and repaired, when,

as often, and in such Manner and Form, and with such Materials as they shall think fit; and for such Purposes may, from Time to Time, cause to be dug, carted, and carried out of, or brought into the same,

or any of them, such Gravel, Stones, or other Materials, as they shall judge necessary; and may like-

wife cause the Ground thereof to be raised or lowered, the Course of the Channels running in or through the same to be turned or altered, and the Water Pines which now lie or hereafter shall be laid under

Ground, to be taken up or new laid in such Places, Manner, and Form, as they the said Trustees, or

any Thirteen or more of them, shall think fit; and may also cause such Posts, as they shall think useless or

inconvenient, to be taken up and removed; and likewise all Steps, Bulks, Shew GUdTes, or Shew Boards,

incroaching upon the Footways; as also all Steps and Doors opening or leading from the Footways into

Vaults or Cellars, to be removed or altered; and may cause all Signs or other Emblems used to denoteFot

the Trade, Occupation, or Calling of any Person or Persons, Sign Posts, Sign Irons, Pent Houses, s,nv^‘-.and re-

Shew Boards, Spouts* and Gutters, projecting into any of the said Open Places, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, nm>*~

Passages, and Courts, and all other Encroachments, Projections, and Annoyances whatsoever, within the said Parish, to be taken down and removed; and shall cause all Signs or other Emblems as aforesaid,

Shew Boards and Gutters, or such Parts thereof as they shall think fit, to be affixed or placed on the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings, whereunto they respectively belong, or were before 3 ’ affixed*

566 C. 23. Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

affixed, and not otherwise; and shall return, or cause to be returned, to the respective Owners thereof, fi> much of such Signs, or other Emblems, Sign Posts, Sign Irons, Shew Boards, Spouts, and Gutters, as shall not be affixed or put up, or otherwise made use of in the Alterations directed by this Act; and that for the future all Signs, Sign Boards, and Gutters, shall be placed and fixed on the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings, to which they respectively belong, and not otherwise: And if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time hereafter, hang, place, erect, or build, any Sign^ Sign Poflr,

No Waggon,^, to ftaod in the Street iboyc One Hour,

or o:her Post, Sign Iron, Penthouse, Shew Board, Spout, Gutter, or other Projection, Obstruction, or Annoyance, or cause the same to be done contrary to the Direction aforesaid; every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds; and the further Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Day such Offence (halt continue.

€?ane*to He kept VII, Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any IfV'h'uf11'5 Person or Persons, to keep any Crane or Cranes already fixed up against any Warehouse or Warehouses are ou ci, wjtj1;n the kjd or to afftx any Crane or Cranes to such Warehouse or Warehouses, and to make use of such Crane or Cranes, so as such Crane or Cranes be turned and kept close to the Walls of such Warehouse or Warehouses when not in actual Use; any Thing in this Act, or any former Law, Custom, or Statute, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And, for the more speedy Removal of sundry Nuisances and Obstructions in the said Parish, it is hereby further enacted, That if after the First Day of May next, any Waggon, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage, shall, for the Purpose of loading or unloading the same, or any Part thereof, be suffered to (land or continue in any of the said Open Places, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts, within the said Parish of Saint Bartholomew the Great, above the Space of One Hour at any One Time; or if any Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, shall be placed, and suffered to stana athwart or cross any such Open Places, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts, for the loading or unloading thereof, or for any other Purpose whatsoever; or if any such Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, shall be suffered to (land or continue in any Part of such Open Places, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts, longer than is necessary for the loading or unloading thereof; or if any Goods, Materials, or Things whatsoever, shall be laid or placed, and left in any mch Open Places, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, or Courts, so as to obstruct the free Passage thereof; then, and in every such Case, any One of the said Trustees, or any One of their Officers to be by them appointed to remove Nuisances, mall and may seize, or cause to be seized, the Wagjgon, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage so placed, or suffered to (land or continue, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act; together with the Horse or Horses thereunto belonging, or the Goods, Materials, and Things so laid or placed, and left as aforesaid; and remove the same and cause the same to be removed to the Common Pound of the said City, commonly called The Green Yard, there to be kept and detained until the Owner or Owners thereof, or his or their known Servant or Servants, shall and do claim the same, and pay to the Person or Persons in whose Custody the same shall then be, the Sum of Twenty Shillings, together with the Charges of removing and keeping the same; and in case the same shall not be claimed, and the said Sum of Twenty Shillings and Charges paid within the Space of Three Days next after such Seizure, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to cause the same to be appraised and fold, and the Monies arising therefrom shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

No Buildings or

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall erect or build, indoiurei in the or cause be erected or built, any Posts, Bars, Rails, Boards, or other Things, by way of Inclosure,

Streets. for tkc of maJcing Mortar, or depositing Bricks, Lime, or other Materials, for building or re-

pairing any Houses, Buildings, or other Works, within the said Parish, in any other Manner, or shall (offer the same to remain for any longer Time than shall be necessary for such Building or Repairs; or shall lay any Rubbish within such Inclosure, or on the Outside thereof, or near thereto; and Complaint thereof shall be made to the said Trustees by any Two Householders of the said Parish, and the said Trustees shall, upon View or other due Proof or the Matter of the said Complaint, find the same to be true; then, and in every such Case, the Person or Persons cresting and building such Inclosure, and suffering the same to remain longer than shall be necessary as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings; and moreover it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more or them, to cause such Inclosure or Erection to be pulled down and removed, and the Materials thereof, as also all Bricks, Lime, Mortar, or other valuable Things, contained within the same, or thereto belonging, to be deposited in the Green Yard aforesaid, there to be kept and detained until the Owner or Owners thereof, or his, her, or their known Servant or Servants, shall and do pay to the Person or Persons, in whose Custody the same shall be, the Charges of pulling down and removing the same; and in case the same shall not be claimed, and the said Charges paid, within the Space of Eight Days next after such Seizure thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the same to be appraised and fold, and the Money arising therefrom shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act; and the said Trustees are further authorised to remove such Rubbish to such Place as they shall think convenient; and every Person laying such Rubbish, or causing or procuring the same to be laid, within or on the Outside, or near to such Inclosure, shall forfeit a Suqi not exceeding Treble the Value of the Costs of removing the same.

X. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall flake Lime, or cause it to be flaked, in the Footway or Carriagewayof any of the said Open Places, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys,

No Lime to flacked in the Street*.

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 23. 567

Passages, or Courts, or in any House or Houses, within the said Parish, upon Pain that every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings.

XI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to restrain any Bricklayer or

Plaisterer from flaking Lime within the Yards or Cellars of Houses which shall be building or repairing, lhe;rCtlLn,&c. or within the Yards or Cellars belonging to the Dwelling-house of any such Bricklayer or Plaisterer.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall for the future carry, run, drive,

draw, or cause to be carried, run, driven, or drawn, on any of the Foot Pavements, within the said Pa- Anno unce* rish, any Bier, or any Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, or other Carriage whatsoever, or shall committed on wilfully ride, lead, leave, or drive, any Horse, Ass, Mule, or other Cattle, or any Coach or Carriage the H»ghw*>». whatsoever, upon any Part of the said root Pavements, or empty any Beer Butts or Calks, or Lees, on any Part thereof, from any Vessel or Calk, on the same, or in the Carriage Ways of the said Parish, or fist any Cinders in the Streets, Highways, or Passages, in the said Parish; then, and in any of the said cases, and as often as they or any of them mall happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall fee any such Offence committed, to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing, such Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey or deliver him, her, or them, into the Custody of a Peace Officer* in order to be Secured and conveyed before the Mayor of the said City of London, or some other Justice of the Peace for the said City; and the Party or Parties accused being brought before him, such Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who mall appear or be produced to give Information touching such Offence (which Oath the said Mayor or Justice for the said City is hereby authorised and required to administer); and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confession/ or upon such Information as aforesaid, he, she, or they, so convicted, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings for the First Time of offending; the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Second Time of offending; and the Sum of Forty Shillings for the Third and every other Time of offending.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may Nin*t of the cause to be painted, engraved, or described in Stone or otherwise, and to be affixed in a conspicuous Part5trcet# to of One or more House or Houses, Building or Buildings, at or near each End, Corner, or Entrance of qT0^$V lhc each of the said Open Places, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts within the said Parish of

St, Bartholomew the Great, London, the Name by which they are respectively called or known; and may also

cause every House, Shop, or Warehouse in each of the said Streets, Open Places, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts, to be marked or numbered in such Manner as they shall judge most proper for distinguishing the same: And if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciouslydestroy, pull down, and Houses nun-obliterate, or deface any such Names, Descriptions, Marks, or Numbers, or any Part thereof, or cause bered. or procure the same to be done; every Person so offending shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall, without P*mn?nti not Authority from the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, alter, or cause to be altered the Form oft0 bc alleic4* the Pavement of any of the said Open Places, Squares, Streets* Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts,

which shall be new paved or repaired by the said Trustees, or in any Way incroach thereon; upon Pain that every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, over and above the Expence of relaying and reinstating the same according to the Directions of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; the said Forfeitures and Expences to be recovered in Manner herein after mentioned.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the Expiration of Twelve Ca- Trustees to re-lendar Months next aftor the passing of this Act, if any Two Housekeepers, within the said Parish, shall Pair Pavements, make Complaint in Writing, under their Hands, to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, of^t

any Defect or Want of Repair in any of the Pavements in any of the Open Places, Squares, Streets,

Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts, either before or after the same shall have been new paved or repaired by virtue of this Act; then, and in every such Case, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of

them, unless such Default shall appear to arise from a Defect in the Water Pipes laying under such Pavement, shall forthwith give Orders to their Contrador or Contradors, Pavior or Paviors? to repair the same; and if such Contrador or Pavior shall not, within Four Days next after the Receipt thereof, repair the said defective Pavement, then, and in every such Case the said Contrador or Pavior shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Day that the said defective Pavement shall remain unrepaired after the Expiration of the said Four Days.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as often as any Pipe or if Water Pipes

Pipes belonging to any of the Water Companies, who.furnish any Part of the said Parish with Water, burst, pa%iorof| and which now lie or hereafter shall be laid under Ground in any of the said Open Places, Squares, the Water Corn*

Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts, shall happen to burst, break or decay, so as to require Re- Ihc f*!'9*

paration; the said Trustees, or any Five of them, or their Surveyor for the Time being, or such other Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint for that Purpose, shall forthwith give or cause to be given Notice thereof in Writing (to the Pavior of the Water Company to whom he or they apprehend the said Pipe or Pipes belong; who is hereby required to take up the said Pavement, wd open the Ground at or near the Place where such Reparation shall appear to be wanting; and if the

568 C. 23. Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

said Pavior shall, upon taking up the Pavement and opening such Ground, discover that the Pipe or Pipes so broken, burst, or decayed, does not or do not belong to the said Water Company whose Pavior he is, then, and in every such Case, he shall forthwith give or cause to be given Notice thereof in Writing to the Pavior of the Company to whom the said Pipe or Pipes shall appear to belong; in which Case such last mentioned Pavior is hereby required, upon Demand, to make Satisfaction for the taking up such Pavement and opening such Ground, to the Pavior, giving Notice as aforesaid; and the Pavior of such Water Company, to whom such Pipe or Pipes shall belong, is hereby required to cause or procure the said Pipe or Pipes to be repaired, and afterwards to fill up the said Ground, and to ram down the same, v/iihin Two Days next after such Notice to him given; and as soon as such Pipe or Pipes shall have been so repaired, and the Ground so filled up and rammed down, he shall give or cause to be given Notice in Writing to the Pavior or Contractor for the Time being of the said rustees: And if the Pavior of any of the said Water Companies, to or for whom such Notice shall be given or left at his Place of Abode, (li til, for the Space of Two Days next after the giving or leaving such Notice as aforesaid, refuse or neglect to take up such Pavement, or open such Ground; or if, upon discovering that the Pipe or Pi;*s so broken, burst, or decayed, doth not or do not belong to the Company whose Pavior he is, he shall refuse or neglect to give immediate Notice thereof in Writing to the Pavior of the Company to whom the said Pipe or Pipes doth or do belong; or if the Pavior of the Water Company, to whom such Pipe or Pipes belong, shall, for the Space or Two Days next after such Notice given to him, or left at his last Place of Abode, refuse or neglect to cause or procure such Pipe or Pipes to be amend d and repaired, or afterwards to fill up the Ground so taken up, or to give such immediate Notice of his having so done to the Pavior or Contractor of the said Trustees for the Time being, then, and in every such Case, the Person or Persons so respectively refusing or neglecting shall, for every such Offence, severally forfeit and pay

the Sum of Five Pounds; and if any ripe or Pipes, not belonging to any of the Water Companies, shall happen to break, burst, or decay as aforesaid, in any of the said Open Places, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, railages, and Courts, then, and in every such Case, the respective Owner or Owners thereof shall forthwith cauf? the Ground over the same to be opened, and such Pipe or Pipes to be repaired, and Notice thereof in Writing to be given to the Clerk for the Time being of the said Trustees, or, in If Pavement case Fcfufal or Neglect so to do, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five taken up to re- Pounds i And if any Pavement shall be broken or taken up for the Purpose of making, repairing, or pair any Va it or altering any Vault or Drain, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, then, and in every such Case, the Drain, it foaii be Person or Persons so breaking or taking up the said Pavement, or causing the same to be so broken or taken repaired at the as f0on as the Mature of the Work will permit, cause the Ground to be filled up, and Notice

thereof in Writing to be given to the Clerk for the Time being to the said Trustees^ or, in case of Refusal or Neglect so to do, (nail, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings; and that the said Clerk to the said Trustees shall forthwith, upon every such Notice as aforesaid given to him, or left at his Place of Abode, transmit such Notice, or cause the same to be transmitted to the Pavior or Contractor of the said Trustees for the Time being; and if the said Clerk shall refuse or neglect, for the Space of Two Days next after any such Notice as aforesaid given to him, or left at his last Place of Abode, to transmit such Notice, or cause the same to be transmitted to the said Pavior or Contractor; and if such Pavior or Contractor, to whom any such Notice as aforesaid shall be so transmitted, shall, by the Space of Two Days next after the transmitting of such Notice to him as aforesaid, refuse or negletf to relay and repair the Pavement so broken up; then, and in every such Case, the Person so refuting or neglecting shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Day such Pavement shall continue unrelayed or unrepaired after the Expiration of the said Two Days, there U no

XVII. Provided always, That if it shall happen that at any Time there shall be no regular or fixed Noitce's to be Appointment of a Pavior of any of the Water Companies; in that Case such xNotice as aforesaid shall left a*the Com- be delivered to or left at the Office of the Clerk or Secretary of such Company respectively, who shall, pany’s office, in every such Case, be substituted in the Room of such Pavior, to all the Intents and Purposes aforesaid.

Dueling tha

XVIII. And it is hereby enacted, That the several and respective Paviors now employed, or hereafter

Paviors of the to be employed by the said Water Companies respectively within the said Parish, shall, within the Space of Thirty Days next after the passing of this Act, or within Three Days next after they shall be respectively appointed Paviors to such Company or Companies, give Notice in Writing to the Clerk for the Time being of the said Trustees of their respective Names and Places of Abode, and of the Name of the respective Company whose Paviors they arc, and of the respective District to which they are appointed; and in like Manner the Clerk for the Time being of the said Trustees shall, within the respective Times aforesaid, give Notice to the respective Paviors of the said several Water Companies of the Names and Places of Abode of the Pavior or Paviors, Contractor or Contractors for the Time being of the said Trustees; and if any of the said Paviors, or the Clerk of the said Trustees for the Time being, shall neg-Jcdt to give such Notice within the respective Times aforesaid $ each of them shall, for every such Offence, severally forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings, schargesttfPave-

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the Charges and Expences ment for relaying re]ayjna the Pavement which shall be broken or taken up for the Purposes of repairing and amending kyPthe°rcrpeaiTe any J Pe cr ^ipes» shall be reimbursed and paid to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as

Companies. they, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same, by the Clerk or Treasurer for the

repaired Expence of the Owner.

Water Companies to give Notice of their Names, &V.

Time being of the respective Water Companies to whom such Pipe or Pipes shall belong j or if the same

shall

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 23. 569

shall not belong to any of the said Water Companies, then by the respective Owner or Owners thereof; and the Charges and Expences of relaying the Pavement which shall be broken or taken up for the Purposes of new making, repairing, altering, clcaniing, or emptying any Sewer, Drain, or Vault, or of making any new or additional Grates, or of repairing and altering any old Grates, shall be defrayed and pai i by the Person or Persons whofhnll take up the Paid Pavement, or any Part thereof, or cause the same to be taken up for any of the Purposes aforesaid: And if such Clerk or Treasurer to any of the said W ater Companies, or th^ respective Owner or Owners of such Pipe or Pipes, liable to reimburse and pay such Charges and Expences, shall refuse or neglect to pay the same within Ten Days next after Demand thereof in Writing, ligned by the Clerk of the said Trustees, and left at their respective Dwelling-houses or PiacvS of Abode, together with a Bill to be annexed to such Demand, containing an Account of such Charges and Expences; then, and in every such Case, the Money so expended shall and may be recovered by the said Trustees, of and from the Person or Persons so liable, in Manner herein after mentioned.

XX. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, That if at any Time it shall be found ne-Fences Alee flary for the Purposes of new paving or altering the Pavement of any of the said Open Places, Squares, 5!,c

Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts, to raise, fink, or otherwise alter the Postion of any of thefray^'oo^of the Pipes or Plugs, laid down or placed by any of the said Water Companies, or by any other Person or Mo.nes of the Persons whatsoever, the Charges attending the same shall be paid out of the Monies arising or to arise by Ad. virtue of this Act.

XXI. And, for the more easy obtaining of Water in Cases of Fire, it is hereby further enacted, That For procuring the several Water Companies who shall supply any of the Inhabitants of the said Parish with Water, shall vYi.lfr ,n Timct from Time to Time, within the Space of Fourteen Days after the calling of this Act, or within Seven0* ,re*

Days after the Appointment of any Turncock or Turncocks, give Notice in Writing to the said Truf- obliging the tees, or to their Clerk for the Time being, of the Names and Places of Abode of their respective Turn-Names of the cocks, distinguishing the Districts to which they respectively belong: And if any of the said Companies Turncocks to be shall neglect to give such Notice within the Times aforesaid, they shall, for every such Neglect,' forfeitdd,fCred ,n* the Sum of Forty Shillings: And the said Trustees shall, and they are hereby required, yearly, to cause Penalt for N to be printed and distributed to and amongst the several Housekeepers within the said Panin, a List of the^ thcrcii. Names and Places of Abode of the several Turncocks belonging to the Water Companies who have any

IVIain or Water Pipes laid down within the said Parish.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Occupier of any House or Tenement within the said ?bb,i?,ng the Parish, and (in respect of Houses let to Inmates) every House Owner shall. Once in every Day, before

the Hour of Ten in the Forenoon of each Day, ferape, sweep, and cleanse the Footway all along the Front of their respective Houses or Tenements, or cause the same to be feraped, swept, or cleansed; and in Dt f: ult thereof, for every such Offence, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Shillings.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this For*enyjsPavc-

Act, the Property of all the present and future Pavements within the Parish of Saint Bartholomew l°

Great aforesaid, as well in the Footways as in the Carriage-ways, and all the Gates inclosing the said Parish, with their Fastenings, and all the present and future Posts in all or any of the said Open Places,

Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts within the said Parish, and of all Materials, Implements, and Things to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, or used or to be used in and a -

bout the making or repairing the said Pavements, and also all the Soil of the said Open Places, Squares,

Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts, and all Sewers, Drains, and Watercourses in the said Parish,

shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees; and they, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorised and ini powered to bring any Action or Actions, or cause the same to be brought, in the Name or Names of any Five or more of them, or in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, or to prefer any Bill or Bills of Indictment, as the Case shall require, or order the same to be preferred against any Person or Persons who shall ftcal, take, or carry away any Part or Parts thereof: And if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously destroy, or otherwise damage or spoil any of the said Materials or Things, or any of the Works done in pursuance of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, every Person or Persons so offending therein, and being thereof convicted by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before the Mayor of the said City of London, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City, shall for every such Offence respectively forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the First Time of offending, and the Sum of Forty Shillings for the Second, and every other Time of offending; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority to sell and dispose of all or any Part of the old Materials to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to purchase the same; and the Money arising therefrom shall be applied to such and the same Purposes as the Money arising from the Rates and Assessments, in and by this Act to be made, are directed to be applied.

XXIV. And whereas it will be very convenient to the Inhabitants of the said Parish that the RatesFo* «onfoiiditinj and Assessments necessary for paving, cleansing, and enlightening the Open Places, Streets, Lanes, Al-th5 4tcs*

leys, Passages, and Courts, and regulating the Nigh ly \Vatch and Beadles, within the said Parish of Saint Bartholomew the Great, London, and for preventing Annoyances therein, should be consolidated and,

made One joint and general Fund to be collected together;* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, vr’trVt°r ot,e That from and after the First Day of May next the said Trustees, or any Thirteen or more of them, shall, ;vitC’ from Time to Time, make and settle such yearly or other Rates or AlUlTments as they, or any Thirteen Vqj. X. 4 D or

HoW empty Housei shall be rated.

Hmi'es let to dilicrentTexunts.

570 C. 23. Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

or more of them, shall think necessary for the carrying this present Act into Execution, upon all Tenants and Occupiers of any Lands, Messuages, Hpufes, Warehouses, and other Buildings or Tenements, and any Part of any Building or Tenement within the said Parish of Saint Bartholomew the Greats not exceeding the Sum of Two Shillings and Two-pence in the Pound, in each Year, according to the annual Value or Rent thereof reflectively; which laid Rates or Assessments the said Trustees, or any Thirteen or more of them, shall have full rower, and are heteby authorised to cause to be collected quarterly or otherwise.

XXV. And if it shall happen that any of the Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vauks, Stables, or other Tenements or Hereditaments within the said Parish shall, at the Time of making any of the said Rates or Assessments, be empty, untenacted, or unoccupied; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Thirteen or more of them, to rate and assess the said Premises, at such Times as they shall think fit; and in such Case, as well as in calc the said Premises shall, after the making such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, become empty, untenacted, or unoccupied, One Half of such Rate or Assessment shall be charged on such Premises respectively, and shall be paid by the First Tenant or Occupier thereof; who shall and may, and is hereby authorised to deduct and detain the same out of his or her Rent; and the Landlord, or Owner or Owners of such Premises, is and are hereby required to allow such Deduction and Payment upon the Receipt of the Residue of his, her, or their respective Rents; and the said Tenant or Occupier shall be and is hereb)r acquitted and discharged of and for so much of his or her Rent as the Rate or Assessment so paid by him or her shall amount unto.

XXVI. ‘ And whereas many Houses in the said Parish are or may be by the several Landlords or Owners thereof let out in Lodgings or Tenements to divers Tenants, whereby it will be difficult to

rate or afiefs the said Tenants in respect of such Houses, or to recover such Rates and Assessments so ‘ made: For Remedy whereof,’ be it enacted, That from and after the First Day of May next, after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Thirteen or more of them, to rate and assess, in every such Rate or Assessment as aforesaid, the Owner or Owners of all such Houses or Tenements as shall be so let to or occupied by Two or more Tenants, (which Rate or Assessment shall be paid by the Occupier or Occupiers of any Part or Parts of such Houses or Tenements) and such Occupier or Occupiers of such Houses or Tenements is and arelierebv authorised and required to pay such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be so rated or all'ciTed upon the Owner or Owners thereof, being duly demanded of such Occupier or Occupiers, and to dedutft the same out of his, her, or their respective Rents; and the Landlord or Owner or Owners cf such Houses or Tenements is and are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments upon the Receipt of the Residue of his, her, or their Rents; and every such Occupier, paying such Assessment or Assessments. shall be acquitted and discharged for so much of his or her Rent as the said Assessment or Assessments so paid by him or her shall amount unto, as if the same had been actually paid to the Person or Persons to whom his or her Rent shall be due and payable; and in Default of Payment of the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, the same shall be and remain a Charge upon the said Premises, and shall and may be recovered of and from the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Occupiers thereof respectively, in Manner as herein after mentioned.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any'Thirteen or more of them, shall yearly and every Year appoint Two or more Persons to collect the said consolidated Rates or Assessments, who shall at their Entrance into such Office take an Oath for the due Execution thereof; which Oath the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer: And if any Person shall refuse to take upon himself the said Office of Collector of the said Rates or A fib lime ms, or (hill refuse to be sworn, or being One of the People called Quakers to affirm, or shall be negligent in the Perflates subject t0formanee or Execution of his Duty; every Person for every such Offence shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Mousy bonow- Ten Pounds: And the said Rates or AflblTments by this Act so to be made shall in the First Place be subject to, and chargeable with such Sum and Sums of Money as shall, from Time to Time, be advanced to, or borrowed, raised, or received, by, the said Trustees, or any Thirteen or more of them, in manner as herein after mentioned; and which said Rates and Assessments shall be paid by the respective Tenants or Occupiers for the Time being of the respective Premises: And in case any Person or Persons, so rated and assessbd, shall refuse or neglect to pay such Rates or Assessments for the Space of Ten Days after Demand made thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Mayor of the City of London for And may be the Time being, or any other Justice of the Peace of the said City, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, levied by Distress directed to the said Collector or Collectors, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and and Sale. Chattels of the Party so neglecting or refuting, rendering the Overplus (if any) after the reasonable Charges of making such Distress and Sale are first deducted; and for want of such Distress, or until Payment, of such Rate or AiTeffmdnt, and reasonable Charges occasioned by the Nonpayment thereof, to commit the Offender or Offenders to one of the Compters of the City of London, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize.

Arrean may

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be in Arrear for any of the levied by DistrcCi said Rates or Assessments to the Collector or Collectors appointed for the Year in which such Rates or Assessmentsj shall be or were made, the Collector or Collectors for the succeeding Year may levy such Arrears by Distress and Sale in the Manner herein before mentioned, not only in the said Parish of Saint Bartholomew the Great, but in any other Place in the said City of London; and if no Distress can be

Collectors to bt annually appointed, &c.

Penalty on refuting to serve.

tnd Sale,

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 23. 571

found, the Person shall be committed to One of the Compters of the said City, in Manner before directed in Cases of Neglectc or Refusal to pay the Rates or Assessments as aforesaid. # 7

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall find him, Appeal rilowei her, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Assessment, it shall and may be lawful for such Person or to the Quarter Persons to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General or Quarter Sessions to be held for the Sessions* fame City of London; who are hereby impowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and

to hear and determine the Matter of the said Appeal, and their Determination shall be conclusive to all Parties.

XXX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Collector of the Rates Collectow to pay and Assessments aforesaid, shall from Time to Time pay the Monies arising therefrom, as he or they shall to the Treasurer, receive the same, to the Treasurer of the said Trustees for the Time being 5 and upon every such Payment, the said Treasurer shall acknowledge the Sum paid, and the Name of the Collector or Collectors

from whom he shall receive the same; and if such Collector or Collectors shall at any Time keep and retain in his or their Hands, of the Monies so to be collected by him or them, the Sum of Ten Pounds or upwards, above Three Days, then, and so often, such Collector or Collectors shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Shillings for every Day he or they shall retain the said Sum of Ten Pounds or upwards beyond the said Three Days: And the Treasurer for the Time being, and all other Officers, who shall be in- Treilurer and trusted by the said Trustees with any Sum or Sums of Money to be collected by virtue of this Act, shall, from Time to Time, and as often as he or they shall be thereunto required by the said Trustees, or any Monies'^ be ° Five or more of them, deliver in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands to the said Trustees, or any r*ifed, to account Five or more of them, a true and perfect Account of «all such Sum or Sums of Money by him or them re- to the Trustee* ccived or disbursed, upon Oath if required (which Oath may be taken before any Five of the said Trustees, when required* who are hereby impowered to administer the same) or which shall have been rated or affeifrd as aforesaid, and not received; and also of all Sums paid, and of all other Matters and Things committed to his or their Charge by virtue of this Act; and shall deliver in all Books, Papers, and Vouchers, relating to such Accounts 5 and shall pay unto the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, all the Monies remaining in his or their Hands at the Time of delivering such Account as aforesaid, if required; and if such Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to account, in Manner as aforesaid, or deliver such Books, Papers, and Vouchers, if required, it shall and may be lawful for the Mayor of the said City of London for the Time being, or any other Justice of the Peace for the said City, at the Request of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to commit such Person or Persons to One of the Compters of the said City, there to be detained and kept without Bail or Mainprize until he or they shall have made a true, perfect, and particular Account, and delivered all speh Bojks and Papers remaining in his or their Hands, if required; and in case the said Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay any Sum or Sums of Money collected or received by virtue of this AcSI, and which shall remain in his or their Hands unpaid, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Mayor of the said City of London for the Time being, or any other Justice of the said City, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal directed to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint, to levy such Sum or Sums of Money byDistress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons, rendering the Overplus (if any) after the Charges of such Distress and Sale, and such Sums, are dcdu£ted and paid; and for want of sufficient Distress, to cause such Person or Persons to be committed to One of the Compters of the said City, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Mayor of the said City for the Time being, or any other Justice of the said City, until he or they shall have paid all the Monies in his or their Hands, or compounded for the same, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or \

any Five or more of them, and shall have paid such Composition-money in Manner as aforesaid; which Composition the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorised to make and accept, Trustees ;mpr>w-at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose. creoiocO'i»i>C’und,

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Monies collected or received by virtue of New Rue ro be this Act shall be loft, the said Trustees, or any Thirteen or more of them, shall and may make a new, ot and additional Rate or Assessment for supplying and making good such Deficiencies, and the Charges occa- ^\^fffu,c, KUI Coned by or on account of the same. y ° f*

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Tr,nec*

f*id Trustees, or any Thirteen or more of them, from Time to Time, to borrow any Sinn or Sums ^onTht

Money for the Purposes of this Act, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, at upon 1

Interest, not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum; and to assign over all or any Part of the said Rates or Assessments as a Security or Securities for the Re-payment of the several Sums of Money so borrowed, with legal or lowen Interest for the same; which Interest shall be payable and paid by the said Trustees, or by their Treasurer for the Time being, out of the Monies to arise by or from the said Rates or Assessments; and such Securities may be from Time to Time assigned and transferred, by Indorsement or otherwise, without Stamps; and such Assignments and Transfers shall inti tic the Person to whom the which Securi^e* fame shall be made to all Principal and Interest Money due and to grow upon such Securities. 1* aifuied.

XXXIII. And whereas many Persons may chuse to advance Money for the Purchase of Annuities; to'rnft*<s 4 be secured upon and payable out of the said Rates and Assessments* be it further enacted by the Autho- ^'d 10 r*"e rity aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, to contribute, advance,*?/ and pay into the Hands of the said Trustees, or any Thirteen or more of them, for the Uses and Purposes cte.s/.

4D 2 iatVrf.

572 e* 23-

Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

Annuities may be transferred.

' 5n this Act mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money* not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, for the absolute Purchase of One or more Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the full Term of the natural Life of such Contributor or Contributors respectively, or the natural Life of such other Person or Persons as shall be nominated by or on Behalf of such Contributor or Contributors respectively at the Time of Payment of his, her, or their respective Contribution-money, so as toe said Annuity or Annuities do not exceed the Rate of Eight Pounds by the Hundred, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Sum, to be paid as aforesaid; and so as the said Annuities, to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, do not exceed in the Whole the Sum of One hundred and Sixty Pounds; and such Annuity or Annuities shall be publickly sold to the bell Bidder or Bidders for the same; and such Annuity shall be paid and payable by the Treasurer of the said Trustees for the Time being, at or upon the Foar The sure to be most usual Feast Days; that is to fav. The Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary; the Nativity of paiJ Quarterly. Saint John the Baptist; Saint Michael the Archangel; and the Birth of our Lord Christ; The First Payment of the said Annuities to begin and be made, and paid to the respective Purchasers, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, at or upon such of the Feast Days aforesaid as shall first happen next after payment of their respective Purchase-monies, or within Twenty-one Days next after any or either of the said Feast Days.

rf Arrwirantr

XXXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That when and as often as any such Annuitants purchase!" anc* may for ar>y Person or Persons to purchase of the said Trustees, or any

Thirteen or more of them, One or more Annuity or Annuities, upon the Life of such Persons, and upon such Terms and Conditions, and to be payable in such Manner as above mentioned; so that the Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed at Interest as aforesaid, and to be contributed for the Purchase of any Annuity to be granted by virtue of this Act, shall at no One Time exceed the Sum of Two thousand Pounds.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Purchaser or Purchasers of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, at any Time or Times, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to assign such Annuity or Annuities, or any Part thereof, or Interest therein, to any Ampnrnentsto^person or persons and so loties quolies; and a Memorandum or Entry of all such Orders and

cntcic in a colu Alignments shall be made in a Book to be kept as herein before mentioned, at the Charge of the said Trustees, in the Vestry Room of the said Parish Church, or in such Room or Place as shall be appointed to be kept in the said Parish for that Purpose; which Entry or Memorandum shall be made gratis, and may at all seasonable Times be inspected by any Person or Persons interested therein.

Alignments not

XXXVI. Provided always, That no such Assignment shall be deemed good and effectual, until such i° c ?a 1, c. Memorandum or Entry shall be made in the said Book, in Manner aforesaid.

charges of patr.

XXXVII. Provided also, That the Charges and Expences of procuring and obtaining this Act, shall to\«h lid h°W^ *n Place paid out of the Monies arising by such Purchase-money as aforesaid, or out of the

0 pai ' Rates or Assessments to be made, rated, or assessed, by virtue of this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or wilfully act or assist in forging or counterfeiting, any Assignment of any such Annuity as aforesaid, or any Certificate of the Age or of the Life of any Nominee, or any Order or Authority in Writing to receive any Annuity due or to grow due to any Proprietor thereof, or any Part thereof; or shall knowingly or fraudulently demand, or endeavour to have or receive any such Annuity or Annuities, or any Part thereof, by virtue of any forged or counterfeited Assignment, Letter of Attorney, Certificate, Instrument, Order or Authority in Writing; or shall falsly or deceitfully personate any true and real Proprietor or Proprietors of any such Annuity or Annuities, or the Assignee ol any such Proprietor or Proprietors, and thereby receiving, or endeavouring to receive, the Money of any such true and lawful Proprietor or Assignee, as if such Offender were the true and lawful Proprietor; then, and in every or any of the said cases, all and every such Person and Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death without Benefit of Clergy.

Fw cfirjiing the

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the said Annuity or Annuities, so to be pur-M°nry b°rr°wcd chafed under and by virtue of this Act, shall be and are hereby charged on, and shall be paid and payable on the Rates. from Time to Time out 0f9 the Monies arising by the several Rates or AHeffments to be rated and afltflld by virtue of this Act; and all and every the Contributor and Contributors upon the Credit of this Act, duly paying their Consideration or Purchase-money at the Rate aforesaid for any such Annuity or Annuls ties as aforesaid, or his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, ll all have, receive, enjoy, and be intitled by this Act to have, receive, and enjoy, the respective Annuity or Annuities to be purchased out of the said Rates or Assessments by this Act appropriated and appointed for Payment thereof as aforesaid, during the Term of the natural Life of the Person or Persons to be nominated by each such Purchaser or Contributor as aforesaid: And that ail and every such Purchaser and Purchasers and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have good, sure, absolute, and indefcazible Lltates and Interests in the Annuity or Annuities by him, her, or them, so respectively to be purchased, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and that none of the said Annuities shall now or hereafter be subject or liable to the Fax charged, or to be charged, up®n Land by Authority of Parliament: And that every Contributor upon this Act, for the Purchase of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, his, her, or their Assigns, upon Payment of the Consideration or Purehale-money, shall have a Re-

3 «irt

For punishng Persons forging Alignments or Certificates.

573

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 23.

ceipt or Receipts for the same; and also an Order on Parchment (which may be made without any Stamp) for Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities, for and during the natural Life of the Person who shall be so nominated as aforesaid; which Order shall be signed by the said Trustees, or any Thirteen or more of them* and after signing thereof, the same shall be firm, valid, and of good Effect in the Law, according to the true Purport and Meaning of this Act.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That no Person who shall be charged Persons cfcarprd or assessed towards the Rates to be made by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, shall thereafter 5 <*-

be liable to or charged With *ny other Rates or Assessments made or hereafter to be made by virtue or in pursuance of any former Act or Acts of Parliament, for or towards the Paving, Enlightening, Cleansing, nic 41 and Watching, the said Parish of Saint Bartholomew the Great, or any Part thereof.

XLI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained, shall extend, or be OH Rite* may construed to extend, to repeal, annul, or make void, any Rate or Assessment made or charged by virtue orbe co!Jcclc‘J in pursuance of any former Act or Acts of Parliament, which are or shall become due, payable, or in ar-ccrU,n Day* rear, on the Twenty-fourth Day of June next after the passing of this Act, or any of the Remedies, Powers, or Provisions, given or provided by such Act or Acts respectively.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies to be raised and received by virtue of this Act MonT^m^hc shall be, and the same are hereby, vested in the said Trustees, and shall be applied to the Purposes of this 1 C

j\dt, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor of the Offences howto City of London for the Time being, or any other Justice of the Peace for the said City, to hear and deter- *>e mej and pa-mi ne any of the Offences'which are made subject to and punishable by any pecuniary Penalties directedm c, to be levied by this Act; and the said Mayor or Justice for the said City are hereby authorised and required, upon an Information exhibited or Complaint made in that Behalf, so that such Information or Complaint be exhibited within Three Months after such Offence is committed, to summon the Party or Parties accused, and the Witnesses on either Side 5 and in case the find Party or Parties accused shall not appear on such Summons, and after Oath being made by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses of the Commission of any of the respective Offences, to issue out a Warrant or Warrants for the immediate apprehending the Party or Parties accused 5 and upon Appearance of such Party or Parties, or his, her, or their Contempt in not appearing, upon Proof of Notice given of such Summons as aforesaid, he or they may proceed to the Examination of the Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, and give such Judgment, Sentence, and Determination, as shall be just and conformable to the true Tenor and Meaning of this Act: And where the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of any such Offence, cither upon such Information as aforesaid, or by his, her, or their own Confession; it mall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor of the City of London for the Time being, or such Justice of the Peace for the said City, to issue a Warrant or Warrants to be directed as aforesaid for distraining and levying the pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures so adjudged, upon the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, and to cause Sale thereof to be made in case they shall not be redeemed in Five Days, rendering the Overplus (if any be) on Demand, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Distress. Sale, and Keeping; and for want of sufficient Distress, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor of the City of London for the Time being, or such Justice of the Peace for the said City before whom such Person or Persons shall be convicted as aforesaid, to commit such Person or Persons to One of the Compters of the said City, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until the Payment of such respective pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures, and reasonable Charges; and such pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered shall be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Application ca Five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same; and shall be applied in the Execution offorisituici. the Purposes in this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall direct or appoint.

XLIV. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the Mayor of the City of London for Miration of the Time being, or such Justice of the Peace for the said <City, from Time to Time, where he or they Rciwkic*.

shall fee Cause, to mitigate, compound, or lessen any of the Forfeitures and Penalties aforesaid, as he or they shall in his or their Discretion think fit; so as such Mitigation do not extend to remit irore than One Moiety or Half Part of the said Forfeitures and Penalties in Aided and directed to be levied by this Act.

XLV. Provided also, That if any Person or Persons (Hall find him. her, or themselves aggrieved, by Persons the Judgment of the said Mayor or Justices, then such Person or Persons shall and may appeal to the Juf- mar aPPc:*1 t ices of the Peace at the then next General Quarter Session to beheld for the said City of London, who Se‘llfvn,# are hereby impowered and required finally to hear and determine such Complaint or Appeal; and in case of Conviction, to issue a Warrant or Warrants for the levying and enforcing the Payment of the said Penalties and Forfeitures by the Ways and Means before mentioned, together with such Costs and Charges to the Party, in whose tavour such Appeal shall be determined, as the Justices in their said Sessions shall order and direct.

XLVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction procffd’n?* of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be 4

done or transacted in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for want of Form!" 0 Form only*

XLV'IL

574 C. 23, 24. Anno no no Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

'Tribes impow-

XLVII. And whereas the Number of Constables for the said Parish are inefficient,* be it therefore rred to ch > >:c enacted, That from and after the Twentieth Day of December next after the Palling of this Act, itlhall Bibles y 4 Lon~aiHi may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Thirteen or more of them, to elect and appoint four Constables for the said Parish annually; who shall each be subject to the Direction and Authority of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in the same Manner as is directed by the said Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His late Majesty.

Per Tons paying XL

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That no Person or Persons who

cMPivi^froni'pc be rated and pay to any Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments to be made in pursuance. of this ionj shall be liable to any Pains or Forfeitures for any Neglect or Default for not setting or hanging out

Candles or Lights in Lanthorns from AAichaelmis to Lady-day in every Year, according to the Direction of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Second Year of their late Majesties King William and (^ueen Mary, intituled, 6 An Act for paving and cleansing the Streets in the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs and Liberties thereof, and Out Parishes in the County of Middlesex and in the Borough of Sjutbwark, and other Places within the Weekly Bills of Mortality in the County of Surryj and for A regulating the Markets therein mentioned:* or shall be liable to keep Watch or Ward, by virtue of the Statute called The Statute of Winchester, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Edward the First, not to be cledted into the Office of Surveyor of the Highways, by virtue of the Statutes of the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King Philip and Queen ALary, and the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of the late King William and Queen Afary, or to the Pains and Penalties inflicted by any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Appointment of Surveyors of the Highways, or Scavengers within the said Parish; but shall be, and are hereby discharged of and from the same, and from the Performance of all Statute Duties on the said Highways.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit 013111)0commenced against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done in pursuance of this Act, then, and in every such Case, th? Action or Suit shall be brought within Six Months next after the Cause or Action shall arise, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the City of London, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Suit, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the spegial Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if it shall appear to be done in pursuance of this Act, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited in that Behalf, or in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants: And upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their^Action or Suit, after the Defendant shall have appeared; or if, upon Demurrer* Judgment be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants have or hath for Costs in other Cases by Law.

L. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, lowers, &c. of Penalties, and Forfeitures, contained in the said Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of His late Majesty; and Aa28 Geo. II. by the said Act vested in the said Trustees, in regard to the enlightening and cleansing the Open Places, c. 37. extended Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts, within the Parish of St. Bartholomew the Greats to this Act. London j and likewise in regard to the regulating of the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the said Parish (except so much thereof as shall by this Act be altered and varied) shall be, and are hereby declared to be, veiled in Trustees, in such and the same Manner, in respect to the Powers granted by this Act for paving and removing Annoyances in the said Parish, in as full and ample Manner as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

Publick

LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and

taken to be, a Publick Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

cl

Actions,

General Irttis.

[Treble Costs.]

6 Geo. 3. c. 40. 42.

7 Geo. 3. c. 2.

49. S6> 57*

8 r

CAP. XXIV.

See 5 Geo. III.

* i°»3S- --. An Act for carrying into Execution certain Proposals made by the, East India Company for the Payment of the Annual Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, for a limited Time, in respect of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies.

Geo. 3. c. ir.

Preamble re- 4 ’VYT HER EAS by an Act mad* in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti-citing Act 7 Geo. « \\f tuled. An Act for establishing an Agreement for the Payment of the Annual Sum of Four hundred

111. c. 57* < thousand Pounds, for a limited Time, by the East India Company, in respect of the Territorial Acquisitions

c and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, it was directed, that the United Company of Merchants € of England trading to the East Indies, and their Successors, should pay into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, for His MajestyY Use, the Sum* of Four hundred thousand Pounds per Annum9 during the c Term of Two Years, to be computed from the First Day of Februrary, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, by Half-yearly Payments of Two hundred thousand Pounds each, at or before such Times as are therein limited; and it was thereby enacted and declared, that all the Territorial Acquisi-

tions

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III.

c- H- 575

tions ind Revenues (in the said Act before mentioned) lately obtained in the East Indies should re- main in Possession of the said Company and their Successors during the said Term of Two Years:

And whereas the said Company have made Proposals to enter into a further Agreement respecting the Propoi^ m3&e 4 said Acquisitions and Revenues upon the Terms and Conditions herein after mentioned; that is to say, by the East India. 4 First, That Four hundred thousand Pounds a Year be continued to the Public for Five Years, from the Comp.my fora First of February, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine: Secondly, That the Company be atfur:her Agree*

Liberty to incicafc their Dividend to, Twelve and an half per Centum during the said Term, so as not toment*

exceed One per Centum in any One Year: Thirdly, That if the Company shall, during the said Term,

be oblig d to reduce their Dividends from any Cause whatsoever, in such case there shall be deducted from the Sum agreed to be paid for the Use of the Public, a Sum equal to such Reduction and in like Manner, if the Company's Dividends shall atany Time during the said Term be again raised or restor- ed, the Public shall receive equal Benefit; but if the said Dividends shall be reduced to Six per Centum,

then the Payment to the Public shall be discontinued: Fourthly, that the Company shall be obliged to export in every Year duri: g the Continuance of this Agreement, Goods and Merchandizes of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, (Military and Naval Stores excepted) of the like Value as they shall appear to have exported annually on an Average of Five Years preceding this Agreement: Fife! ly. That if any Surplus of Cain shall remain in England, during the said Term, after the Discharge of the Company’s Simple Contraft Debts, bearing Interest, and the Reduction of the Company’s Bond Debt to the Debt which shall be due from the Public to the Company, then such Sur- plus shall be lent to the Public at two per Centum per Annum: And whereas it may be for the Benefit of the Public and the said Company, that proper Provisions should be made for carrying the said Proposals into effectual Execution: Now we Your Majilly’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty, that it may be enacted;

and’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent, Mr. jesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporil, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, 400,cool. p?r and their Successors, shall advance and pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for His Majesr Ann-1<» icpaid tv’s Use, the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, for and during the Term of FivcJ^J1*® cj!^any Years, to be computed from the First day of February, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, by ,*,e

Half yearly Payments of Two hundred thousand Pounds each; which Half yearly Payments of Two Term of 5 hundrcvl thousand Pounds shall become due on the First Day of Avgujl and the First Day of February Ynrs, b> Hjif in each Year and such of the said Half yearly Payments as shall so become due on the First >*arl> Pay'nt,»

before the Twenty- fifth Day of March next

of 2C Q, C Ool» each.

Day of August in each Year, shall be made on or

ensuing; and such of, the said Half yearly Payments as shall so become due on the First Day of February in each Year, shall be made on or before the Twenty-ninth Day of September next ensuing such First p4Vmenf First Day of Fetruary respectiv Jy in each Year; the First of which Half yearly Payments shall become become due on 1 due on the First Day of August, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, and be made on or before Aug. 1760; the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and seventy: And in case the said United and roh<’niadfby Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or their Successors, shall make Failure in2^ arch, 1770. any of the said Payments hereby appointed to be made into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer on or^" ^enr^Suit before the respective Days or Times herein before limited, that then, from Time to Time, as often as such to^rin^uutrd1* Case shall so h?ppen, the Money whereof such Failure in Payment shall be made shall and may be recovered for Recovery to His Majesty's Use, by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, in any of His thereof. Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no ElToin, Prouftion, Privilege, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, or any more than One Imparlance; in which Action, Bill, Suit, or Information, it shall be lawful to declare, that the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies or their Successors, are indebted to his Majesty the Monies of which they shall have made Default in Payment according to the Form of this Statute, and have not paid the same, which shall be sufficient; and in or upon such Action, Bill, Suit, or Information, there shall be further recovered to His with Djmage* Majesty's Use against the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or afrcr the Rate their Successors, Damages after the Rate of Fifteen Pounds per Centum per Annum for the respective Monies ^V/nn^itii so unpaid contrary to this Act, together with Full Costs of Suit; and the said United Company and jpCuu coAaT* their Successors, and all their Stock, Funds, and all other their Inflates and Property whatsoever, shall be and are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of such Monies, Damages, and Costs.

II. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said Territo- Tmi*! Ae-

ri :l Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, shall remain in the Possession of the said ^remain United Company, and their Successors, during the said Term of Five Years. Company.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies which shall be paid into the \fpnjc;

Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, in pursuance of this Act, shall be there reserved to be difj>oled of r0 be iefnvc.i for and appropriated by Parliament. the Diipofitica

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said United Company, and thcrr°r ,>arlun, ent* # Successors, during the said Term of Five Years, shall beat Liberty, from Time to Time, to increase Pe0^pla"jrn*|t the Dividends upon their Capital Stock; so that any such Increase of Dividend shall not in any One Dmitmiit Y<-ar, during the said Tern»*of Five Years, exceed the Sum of One Pound per Centum on such Capital

Stock; and so that by any such Addition or Additions, the Dividends to be made upon the said Stock

shall

57®

C. 24.

Anno nono GEORGII III.

but if their Di-ndends shall bu reduced,

the Sums payable by t!-ern iutb the Ext lie

but if they be g.iin incrcat:d# 1 he Payments art: to be made ccoid.rgJy.

A.D. 1769.

shall not exceed in the Whole, ?.t any One Time during the said Term, the Rate of Twelve Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum.

V. And be it further enacted and declar.d by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said United Company, or their Successors, shall, for and during any Time or Times wirhin the said Term of Five Years, reduce the Dividends upon their said Stock; theij, and in every such Case, there shall, for and during the Time or Times respectively of every such Reduction or Reductions, be dedtidied from the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds per Centum, a Sum or Sums equal to the Amount of each and every such Reduction; and if at any Time or Times, within the said Term of Five Years, the said United :r ai<- to be rc Company, or their Successors, shall reduce the Dividends upon their said Stock to or under the Rate of diKed hkewiie $ g;x pounds per Centum per Annum, then in every such Case, during the respective Continuance of every such Reduction, the said Company shall be and are hereby discharged from the Payment of the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, or such Part thereof as would have become due to the Public, during the Continuance of such Reduction; and that if, after any Reduction of the Dividends of the said Company as aforesaid, it shall happen that the Dividends of the said Company shall be again increased to any Rate exceeding the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annum, then and in every such Case respectively, from Time to Time, as often as the Case shall happen, such Payment or Payments shall be made by the said Company, or their Successors, for the Use of the Public, as shall be equal to the Amount of the entire Sum which shall be paid in the Dividends of the said Company during the respective Continuance thereof;

, all which Payments shall be made in the same Manner, and at such Time, and recovered by the same and the like Process, and with the same Damages, as are herein before enabled, with respect to the Payment and Recovery of the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds per Annum by Half-yearly Payments of Two hundred thousand Pounds in each Payment*

Exports required Vi. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Term of Five Years, to be u> be dc by computed from the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, the tie Cojj-fany. \jnjtCcl Company, or their Successors, shall and are hereby required to export from Great Britain in each and every Year, during such Term, to the British Settlements within the Limits prescribed by the said Company's Charter for their carrying on an exclusive Trade in thz East Indies, or elsewhere, upon the Account of the said Company or their Successors in their Coitrfe of Trade, exclusive of what may be exported by their Servants, or private Traders licensed by the said Company or their Successors, such Goods and Merchandizes of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of Great Britain, as shall amount in Value to the Sum of Three hundred and eighty thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven Pounds, in each and every such Year; but the Amount of the Value of the Military and Naval Stores so exported, feond to be given shall not be esteemed or reckoned as Part of the said Sum of Three hundred and eighty thousand eight ior the due Ex- hundred and thirty-seven Pounds per Annum and the said Company, or their Successors, shall, on or before the First Day of June, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, and on or before the First Day of June in each of the Four succeeding Years, give Security by Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, under the Common Seal of the said Company, or of their Successors, in the penal Sum of Double the said Sum of Three Hundred and eighty thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven Pounds, for the due Exportation of the said Goods and Merchandizes annually to the Amount of the said Sum of Three hundred and eighty thousaftd eight hundred and thirty-seven Pounds, according to the real Value of such Goods and Merchandizes in this Kingdom at the Time of such Exportation, or of the Purchase thereof by or on the Behalf of the said Company, or their Successors; which Security the High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of such Commissioners, is or are hereby authorised to take; and the said Company, or their Successors, shall, on or before the Thirty-first Day of October in the Year One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, and on or before the Thirty-first Day of October in each of the Four succeeding Years, deliver to the said High Treasurer, or Commissioners, an Account in Writing, signed by Two or more of the Directors deiTtered annu- Company for the Time being, specifying the particular Goods and Merchandizes which shall

sii^h^Trra- have been so exported in every such Year, in pursuance of and according to the true Intent and Meaning iury,£?c. of this Act, with the said true and real Values of such Goods and Merchandizes, with the Names of the and verified a cn Ships in which the same were respectively so exported; and which Account shall be verified on Oath made Oath*1 C UpcD before any One Justice of the Peace (which Oath such Justice is hereby authorised and required to ad-’ minister) by the proper Officers or Servants of the said Company, or their Successors, who shall keep the fa*CT(haif aStke*r Books for the Entry of Goods Outwards to the best of their’ Knowledge: And if it shall appear to appear the the Satisfaction of the said High Treasurer, or Commissioners, that Goods and Merchandizes shall have Treasury, the been, agreeably to the Directions of this Act, exported as aforesaid in the respective Year in relation

Bonds are to be where to each. Bond shall have been so given; then, in each and every such Case, the said High Trea-

fiehvered up, or furCr, or Commissioners, shall cause such Bond to be delivered up; but in case no such Account shall be putm uit. delivered as herein before mentioned, or if it shall appear that the said Goods and Merchandizes, exported within the Term mentioned in any such Bond, shall not have amounted to such Value as aforesaid, or that any such Account shall appear not to be truly made, it shall and may be lawful for the said High Treasurer, or Commissioners, to cause each and every such Bond to be prosecuted according to Law, unless he or they shall find sufficient Cause to forbear the same.

Excels made in

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Company, GooJsnvOnc or their Successors, shall in any One of the said Five Years, export or cause to be exported, such Goods

Yetr, S1IV iiC and

purration there-t»l s

And a Specification of the Goods, &c. exported, with

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 24, 25. 577

and Merchandizes of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of Great Britain, exeeding in Value the

Sum of Three hundred and eighty thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven Pounds; then, and in such to be taken in-

Case, the (.id Excess shall, from Time to Time, be taken into the Account of the Exports of such Goods and Merchandizes by the said Company or their Successors, in and for the next succeeding Year and shall YCAI ccount*

be allowed and cofifidered as Part thereof.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or Times during the Whet Money the said Term of Five Years commencing from the First Day of February, One thousand seven hundred and Cieat sixty-nine, any Sum or Sums of Money belonging to the said United Company, or their Successors, shall Britain after Dif-remain in Great Britain after the Discharge of the said Company's Simple Contract Debts bearing Inte- charge of their rest, and the Reduction of the said Company’s Debts to such Sum as shall be equal only or inferior to the Si»ple Contra Debt which shall be due from the Publick to the said Company; then the Monies to, from Time Time, remaining as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby required to be advanced and lent by the said Com-Ihe^uhli/ac pany and their Successors to the Publick, at and after the Rate of Two Pounds per Centum per Annum In- per Centum per* terest, payable out of such proper and sufficient Fund or Funds, and in such Manner, as shall be settled Annum Inteieil. by Parliament*; and to be paid Quarterly to the said Company and their S xccftgrs, until the Redemption and Discharge of the Capital Monies so advanced and lent shall be mr.de by Parliament: and that the any’sSim* said Company, pr their Successors, shall, and they are hereby directed and required, from Time to Time, ai"

before the Expiration of Ten Days after the Beginning of the next and every succeeding Session of Par-Bond D<rbtstobe liament, during the said Term of Five Years, commencing from the First Day of February, One thou- eiven*nannually sand seven hundred and sixty-nine, and of the Session of Parliament succeeding the Expiration of the said n o.thtoi« Term, to give in and deliver unto the High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasur/ forihe lr4J‘ury* Time being, a true and exabt Account of the State of the said Simple Contract Debts bearing Imcreft, and of their Bond Debts, at the Time of delivering in every such Account Tcfp ^lively, and also an Ac- ^atc 0 count of the State of their Cash remaining in Great Britain; all which Accounts shall be fairly written,1 cu and shall be signed by Two or more of the Directors of the said Company; and Oath shall be made of the Truth of every such Account, by the proper Officers or Servants of the said Company before any One Justice of the Peace, which Oath such Justice is hereby authorised and required to administer.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for making perpetual an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Ma-jtfty, intituled, An Act to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money.

May it please Your most Excellent Majesty;

WHEREAS an Act was made in the First Year of Your Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to r?tU

" continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money, whereby the Di and Laws there- " k *u in

in mentioned or referred to were continued for the Term of Seven Years, to commence from the hft*1,^ eo<

‘ Day of Alarchy One thousand seven hundred and sixty-one, and until the End of the First Session of Parliament then next following: And whereas by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

4. An Act for further continuing certain Laws to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grainy 3 Geo. 3.

Mealy Malty Flour, Bready Biscuity and Starchy and also the Extraction of Low I Tines and Spirits from Wheatc*

and Wheat Flour: for further allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat Flour, Barie\, Barley li lea \ and Pulsey free of Duty, into this Kingdom, from any Part of Europe; and for allowing the Importation of Oats and Oat-mealy Rye and Rye-mealy into this KingdctUyfor a limited Time> free of Duty; and also for continuing fuefr other Lawt as will expire before the Beginning of tho next Session of Parliament; the said Act made in 4 tb« First Year of Your Majesty's Reign was continued until the End of this present Session of Parlia-.

mer-t: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act made in the First Year of Your Majesty's Reign should be made perpetual: We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do humbly pray Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lord Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Lid Afl made in the First Year of His present Majesty's Rugn, intituled, An Act to i^v-The r*citrd ASt linue the Duties for Encouragement of tie Coinage of Money, and all the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, I)i-°f 1 Grn-regions, Rules, and Articles, therein contained, shall be, and are hereby, made perpetual; and (haft'*rp*:ua continue in force, and be carried into Execution, as fully and effectually as if the same were paiti.ularly rrpeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act, and as if tli re had not been any Limitation of Time whatsoever expressed in the said Act for the Determination thereof, or of any Matter therein tained.

VoL.X. 4e

CAP.

C. 2(3*

Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

WHEREAS many Persons, by Losses and other Misfortunes, are rendered incapable of paying their whole Debts; and though they are willing to make the utmost Satisfaction they can, and 1 VT-"" 5t many them are able to serve His Majesty by Sea or Land, yet are detained in Prison by their 2 & 7 Ann. c. 16. Creditors, or have been forced to go into Foreign Parts out of this Realm: And whereas such unhappy 6 C^o. c. 22. 4 Debtors have always been deemed the proper Objects of publick Conipaffion; and, by fev.-rul Acts of

ii Geo. c. at. c Parliament, have been discharged on the Conditions in such Acts mentioned: For the Relief therefore a Geo. a. c. 20. Gf Inf0lvent Prisoners and Fugitives who shall comply with the Terms contained in this Act to be rc-21 Geo. 2. c. 7i/ spectively observed by them, and faithfully discover, upon Oath, and deliver up and assign, all their 28 Geo. 2. c. 13.4 Efiefts and Estates whatsoever for the Benefit of their Creditors; and to prevent, as far as possible, the aq Geo. 2. c. 18.4 many Frauds and Abuses which, in a great Measure, have obstructed the good Ends of such Acts;* be 1 Geo. 3. C. 17. jt enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi-5 Geo. 3. c. 41. ptual an(] Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, all and every Gaoler, or Keeper of any Prison, in any AlphabettcalLifti C°unty, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, within this Kingdom, shall, is, avd are of p^ifonersTn hereby reauired to make a true, exact, and perfect Lift, alphabetically, of the Name or Names of ail CustoJv for Debt and every Person or Persons who, upon the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hun-*1129 Sep\1768,dred and sixty-eight, was or were, or at any Time since have been, and at the Time of making out every crtince then; such Lift mail be, really an actual Prisoner or Prisoners, in the Custody of any Gaoler or~Gaoler$, or Keeper of any Prison respectively, upon any Process whatsoever, for or by reason of any Debt, Damage, with the Time Costs, Sum or Sums of Money, Contempt, or otherwise, and an Account of the Time when such Fri-when charged, foner or Prisoners was or were respectively charged in Custody, or received in Prison, together with the andatwhofeSuit:Name or NamiS of the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Prosecution such Prisoner or Prisoners is or The fame to be are detained; and shall deliver the same to the Justices of the Peace at their First or Second General or delivered!* to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be held after the First Day of June, One thousand seven hun-Quartei-sessions. dred anc| sixty-nine, or at some Adjournment thereof, for such County, Riding, Division, City,- Town, Place, or Lioerty respectively.

The Warden of

II. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of His Majesty's Prison of the Fleet, and Marshal of the Fleet, and the King's Bench Prison, shall severally, on the delivering in of any such List of Prisoners in their respectKin*Bench* *ve ta^e an Oath in the open Court of such General or General Quarter Section of the Peace,

Prison! n> take or at f°mc Adjournment thereof, to the Effect following; (that is to say)

the following

©ath «n deliver* T A B upon my Corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, profess, and Ug in their Lilli.« J[ declare. That all and every Person and Persons, whose Name or Names is or are inserted and contained in the First Part of the Lift by me now delivered in and subscribed, was and were, to the bell of 4 my Knowledge and Belief, upon the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and

sixty-ei,;ht, really and truely Prisoners, in actual Custody, in the Prison or Gaol of [insert the Name 2/ 4 the PrisonJ at the Suit or Suits of the several Person or Persons therein respectively mentioned; and also that all and every Person and Persons whose Name or Names is or are inserted or contained in the Sc- cond Part of the said Lift now by me delivered in and subscribed as aforesaid, have, since the said Twenty- ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, been committed or surrendered to the said Gaol or Prison of [insert the Name of the Gaol or PrisonJ at the Suit or Suits of the several Person or Persons therein respectively mentioned; except such Person or Persons who is or are in such Lift particularly mentioned and described to have died, been discharged, or removed to some other Pri- son, by Process of Law, since the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred, and sixty-ei^ht; and aHo except such Person or Persons who is or are in such Lift particularly mention-

ed and described to have been permitted to have gone out of the said Prison, by Day Rulesv of the Court of fCommon Pleas or King's Bench, as the caje shall be] since the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, to transact their Affairs; and also except such Person or Persons who is or are therein also particularly mentioned and described to have, upon the said Twenty- ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundren and sixty-eight, or since, been in the Rules of the said Prison [of the Fleet or King’s Bench, as the Case shall be] by Leave of the [Warden or Marshal of the said Prison, as the Case shall be J and have, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, really and truely, ever since continued^ and remained in actual Custody in the said Prison [1of the Fleet or King’s 4 Bench, as the Case shall be] or the Liberties thereof, at the Suit or Suits of the several Persons in the said Lift respectively mentioned [and if any Prisoners havey since the said Twenty-ninth Day of Septemer, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, escaped out of either of the said Prisons j then insert, except [in/rt 4 the Name or Names of the Prisoner or Prisoners who have escapedJ who, without my Knowledge, Privity, or Consent, hath or have el japed out of the said Prison of and that the said Lift i$a

truey exact, perfect, and just Lift of all such Persons who were really and truly Prisoners- in actual

1 Cuilpdy

578.

[Preamble.]

Former Acto.

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 26. 5; 9

c Custody in the said Gaol or Prison of on the said Twenty-ninth Day of September,

One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, and who, since the said Twenty-ninth Day of September,

One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, have been committed to, and really have been, and now- is or are, Prisoner or Prisoners in actual Custody in the said Gaol or Prison of or the

Liberties thereof; and that none of such Prisoners, to my Knowledge, or with my Privity, have volun- tarily, or with Design, or in Expectation to take any Benefit from or under any Act of Parliament to be made for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, surrendered themselves, or been committed to the said Prison, or rot their Names entered as Prisoners in the Books of the said Prison; or since the same Twenty-ninth Day of Septenber, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, to my Knowledge, or with my Privity,

have resided out of the said Prison of or the Rules thereof [but if any have Jo domy

add, except naming such by Name.]

And that every other Gaoler and Keeper of any other Prison or Priforts in any County, City, Town, otVrCioWt* Riding* Division, Place, or Liberty, shall severally, on the delivering in of any such Lift respectively, take the fdi<m-takean Oath in the open Court of the General or General Quarter-sessions of the County, City, Town, j"g 9ath.on *cr Division, Liberty, or Place, for which he or she shall deliver in any such Lift, and (wear to the Effect ,^r’ng "xhei* Following j (that is to say) -

1A B upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, profess, and declare. That all and every Person and Persons, whose Name or Names are inserted and contained in the First Part of the Lift by me now delivered in and subscribed, was and were, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, upon the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty- eight, really and truly Prisoners in actual Custody, in the Prison or Gaol of at the Suit or Suits of the several Persons therein respectively mentioned: and also that all and every Person and Persons, whose Name or Names is or are inserted or contained in the Second Part of the said Lift now by me delivered in and subscribed as aforesaid, have, since the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, been committed or furfendered to the said Gaol or Prison of 4 (if a tty such Prifner or Prisoners hath or have, since the said Twenty-ninth

Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, been committed or surrendered to such Gaol or Prison) at the Suit or Suits of the several Person or Persons therein respectively mentioned; except 4 [//any Exception is necessary] such Persons as are therein particularly mentioned and described to have died, been aifeharged, or removed to some other Prison by Process of Law, or to have escaped' out of such Prison, without my Privity, Knowledge, or Consent, since the said Twenty-ninth Day of Septem-s 4 her. One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, and that all.and every of them, whose Name and Names is and are contained in the First Part of the said Lift (except as before excepted) to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, have really and truly continued in actual Custody, in the said Gaol or Prison of ever since the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and

sixty-eight; and that the said Lift is a true, exact, perfect, and just Lift, of all such Persons as were really and truly Prisoners in actual Custody, in the said Gaol or Prison of on the said

Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, and who, since the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and, sixty-eight, have been really and truly committed, or surrendered to the said Gaol or Prison of (except as before excepted)

to the best of my Knowledge and Belief; and that none of such Prisoners, to my Knowledge, or with my Privity, have voluntarily, or with Design, or in Expectation to take any Benefit from or under any Act of Parliament to be made for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, surrendered, or been committed to the said Prison of or got his, her, or their Name or Names entered as Prisoner or Prisoners in the Books of the said Prison, or, since their Commitment, have, to my Knowledge, or with my Pri- vity, resided out of the said Prison of [ if any have so done, then add except

inserting their Names j

Which said respective Oaths the said Justices, at the First or Second General or Quarter Session aforesaid. The Oath to U

or at some Adjournment thereof, within their respective Jurisdictions, are hereby impowered and required

to administer in open Court; and the Words of the said Oath herein before directed to be taken by the Court '*

said Warden and Marshal respectively, shall be entered or written at the End or Bottom of the Lift which and entered an*

shall be delivered in by them respectively, and shall be subscribed and sworn to by them respectively in subscribed the open Court; and the Words of the Oath to be taken by every other Gaoler jr Keeper respectively, shall of elcl*

be entered or written at the End or Bottom of the Lift which shall be delivered by them respectively, and shall be subscribed, and sworn to by them respectively in open Court: And every such Lift which shall L,'A to be kept by

be fodelivered in, subscribed, and sworn to, in pursuance of this Act, shall be kept by the Clerk of the*heC,crk °*tht

Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer, acting as Clerk of the Pclcc of every such County, Riding, Di- act'

vision. City, Town, Place, or Liberty respectively, in which any such Lift as aforesaid shall be sworn to

for the better Satisfaction of the said Justices and Information of all or any Prisoner or Prisoners therein

named; and so as the same may, from Time to Time, be seen and examined by any Creditor or Creditors

of f uch Prisoner or Prisoners, without Fee or Reward.

4E2; III. And

580 C. 26.

Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

Colics of the Lifts

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Gaoler and Gaolers, and \.. lcl,7"din Keeper of any Gaol or Prison, is and are hereby required. Ten Days at least before the First or Second Wi^ns^and General or Quarter Session of the Peace shall be held after the said First Day of June* One thousand seven on the Gates hundred and sixty-nine, for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, in which ti.creof, any such Gaol or Prison shall be, or to which the same belong, to fix up, in some conspicuous Place or Places in every such Prison, and at the moil frequented and usual Gate, Door, or Entrance into every such Prison, Three or more true Conies of the Lift or Lifts proposed or intended to be delivered in by any such Gaoler or Keeper, at the said General or Quarter Session* or at some Adjournment thereof.

Persons infcrtid iV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons whose Name or Names shall be in the Li«sbanghiferted in any such Lift to be delivered in as aforesaid, who, upon the Twenty-ninth Day of September* o.lt aTuudu'ent Gnc t^lou^an^ seven hundred and sixty-eight, were really and truly Prisoners in the actual Custody of any Wm;cnU, on"9 Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of any Prison respectively of this Kingdom, and did not come into or get Sept. 176^, con- his, her, or their Names entered in the Book of any Gaol or Prison as a Prisoner or Prisoners there, fuming to the with a V iew or Design to take the Benefit of some Act for* Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and who shall Regulations of the Oath herein after mentioned, and shall perform on his or her Part what is required to be done by

Vi?, Ar*Jhj bchim or her by this Act, shall be for ever released and discharged from his or her Imprisonment, in such 1,1 6 Manner as hereafter is provided, prisoners in Cnf- V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Prisoner or Prisoners who ofdy*n!n^tiTsmP^aII *n zw^ua^ Custody at the Time of passing this Act, and was or were, on or before the Twenty-tl'wbtfwcrcar- n‘nt^ Day of September* One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, arrested for any Sum or Sums of reftrd for Debt on Money by virtue of any Writ or Process, issuing out of any Court of Record, and held to the Bail there-or before ^QSrpt.on, and did, on or before the Twenty-eighth Day of November* One thousand seven hundred and sixty-1763, and hrld to eight, render him, her, or themselves, or was or were surrendered in Discharge of his, her, or their Bail, ed'rhemfelTeion21?^ thereupon committed to Prison, and has or have continueJ therein until the passing of this Act, by or beforeNov. virtue of such Commitment; every such Prisoner or Prisoners shall, upon due Proof of the Premises upon 1-68. on con- Oath, be discharged from such Debt or Demand, in like Manner as if such Prisoner or Prisoners had been forming to the actually in Prison upon the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-and continued therein as aforesaid; subject nevertheless to the same Restrictions and Provisions, and Wd.ichirged'. a Compliance with the like Terras, Conditions, and Qualifications herein before imposed upon Prisoners actually in Custody upon the said Twenty-ninth Day of September* One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight; and also subject to the same Terms and Provisions relating to the Estate and Eflefts of every such Prisoner as aforesaid.

Justices upon the

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of any County, Riding, Prlf^Tr °anjhhis^‘v*on’ Town, Place, or Liberty within this Kingdom, upon the Petition of any such Prisoner

deliveringaSchc- or Prtf°ners to any Justice or Justices of the Peace within his or their respective Jurisdictions, upon every duleof hiflEftAtp^such Prisoner or Prisoners so petitioning, and, at the Time of his or her so petitioning, l aving with the Justice or Justices of the Peace, who shall be so petitioned, a true Copy of the Schedule, containing his or her intended Discovery of his or her Real and Personal Estate, to be sworn to at the First or Second General or Quarter Session next ensuing after every such Petition, or some Adjournment thereof, by ar* toiflFoe their Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to require the Sheriff' or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Warrant f«r Gaolers, or Keeper of any such Prison within the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices, to bring toner'tShcQan- ^e*ore l^e Justices at the First or Second next General or Gqneral Quarter Session of the Peace, or any tcr-fcffrjns^c!^‘Adjournment thereof, to be held as the Case (h^l happen to be, next after the Expiration of Ten Days.

from the Date of such Warrant, for such respective County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or tvi»lithe warrant Liberty, the Body of any Person being in the said Prison as aforesaid, with the Warrant or Warrants of or ^er Drainer, together with a Copy or Copies of the Cause or causes which he, she, or they is o& t c n »are charged with in any such Gaol or Prison as aforesaid, at the Time aforesaid: which Warrant of every Gaoler,&c. to o- such Justice or Justices every such Sheriff and Sheriffs, Gaoler or Keeper, is and *re hereby commanded to

bey such Warrant, obey.

Schedule of the

VII. And be it also enacted, That the Copy of every Schedule which shall be left with anyiuch Justice PnGner^Estate or Jufj;ice3^ shall, within Ten Days after the lame shall befo left* be transmitted by the Justice or Justices, wkh whom the same shall be so left, to the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer, acting as

the Peace, Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, in which the same for inspeaion of shall have been so left, there to remain and be inspected, from Time to Time, as Occanoh shall require, by the Creditor, any Creditor of any such Prisoner who shall desire to inspect the same.

Prisoners intend-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and evenr Prisoner and Prisoners, who shall intend to petition i^ to petition forto be discharged under this Act as aforesaid, shall first cause publick Notice to be inserted in Three several arMoVive prev'i- London Gazettes previous to such General or Quarter Session, or the Adjournment thereof, at which the ©us Notice therein Prisoner or Prisoners shall apply to be discharged from any Gaol in London* or within the Weekly Bills of Tbnce in theof Mortality; and if such Prisoner shall be in Custody in any Gaol out of London* or the Weekly Bills of Gazette, andothtrMortality, then also in (bine News Paper which shall be published in or near the County, Riding, Division, News Papers: City, Town, Liberty, or Place, in the Gaol whereof he or she shall be so in Custody; containing the

Contents of the Narne, Trade* and Occupation, and Two last Places of Abode, if so many, of every such Prisoner and ouct. Prisoners, and the Prison wherein he, she, or they is or are confined, and of his, her, or their Intention

to take the Benefit of this Act, and mentioning such Notice in each Gazette or News Paper, to be the First,

Second*

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III.

G. 26. 581

Second, or Third Notice, according to the Time of publishing each of such Notices: and for the inferring of each of which said several Notices in the said Gazette, or in any other News rapcr, there shall be u?< «ch Time, paid, each Time, by every such Prisoner, Two-pence, and no more: The First of which said Notices»ndn.°more/° mill be so inserted in the said Gazette, or in the said other News Papers, as the Case may require. Thirty Days at least, and the Last of the said Notices Ten Days, at least, before any such First or Second Gene- First Noticrtobe ral or Quarter-Session, or Adjournment thereof, shall be held as aforesaid; 10 that as well all the Credi-inserted to Days, tors who have not charged the said Prisoner or Prisoners in Custody, as those Creditors who have charged and lhc 10 such Prisoner or Prisoners in Execution, or on mesne Process, or otherwise, may have sufficient Notice thereof. T"e lon'*

IX. And be it further enacted, That every such Prisoner as aforesaid, who, in pursuance of any such Prisoner being Warrant as aforesaid, shall be brought to any General or General Quarter- session, or any Adjournment bought into thereof, shall, in case it shall be proved upon Oath, or by producing the said Three Gazettes and News Pa- "

pers before mentioned to the said Justices at any such Session, or the Adjournment thereof, that such No- Nonces required' tices were so inserted in the London Gazette, and other News Papers, where required, in Manner as herein being proved, before is directed; and that the Person or Persons so petitioning, was or were actually a Prisoner or Prisoners on the said Twenty-ninth Day of September. One thousand seven hundred and lixry-eighr, or since* in the Gaol or Prison in which his, her, or their Name or Names is or are specified in the Lrft of Prisoners there delivered in at any such First or Second Session, or any Adjournment thereof as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, shall, in open Court at the said General or Quarter-session, or any Adjournment thereof, subscribe and deliver in a true Schedule or Account of all his or her heal Estate, either in Pof- to Oliver in session, Reversion, Remainder, or Expedancy; and alf? of the Whole of his or her Personal Estate which he or she, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him or her, or for his or herUfc, Benefit, or Ad- and creditor*, vantage, is or are seised of, interested in, or intitled t<5, with the Names of his or her several Debtors, and where they respectively live, or may be met with; and the several Sums of Money from them respectively owing, and how the same respectively became due, and are secured; and if by Mortgage, Specialty, Contract, Note, or other Writing, then the Name*and Namei and Places of Abode of the several Witnesses who C3n prove such Debts or Contracts (if there be any such) and shall also make 0*.tn and fwbar to the Effect following; (that is to say)

€ T A B upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, protest, and Prisoner’s o*»h 4 X declare. That on the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight,0,1 dehvern? »« 4 I was a Prisoner, or else, as the Case may be, that nnce the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thou- fund seven hundred and fixey-eight', I have surrendered, or have been committed to the Prison of

in Discharge of my Bail, or for want of Bail, as the Case thill be; and that I was.

actually arrested before the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, in the ACtbn or Suit, Actions or Suits, in which I surrendered, or was committed as aforesaid,.

to the said Gaol or Prison of and that I have, ever sincemy said Surrender or Commit-

ment, continued a Prisoner within the Prison of in the actual Custody of the Gaoler or

Keeper of the said Prison of or within the Liberties thereof, at the Suit of

and without any Fraud or Collusion whatsoever; and that the Schedule now delivered by me and subscribed, doth contain, to the be ft of my Knowledge, Remembrance, and Belief, a full, just, true, and perfect Account and Discovery of all the Goods, Effects, and Estates, Real and Personal, either in- Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, which I, or any Person in Trust for me, or for my Benefit or Advantage, am seised cr possessed of, interested in, or intitled to; and of all Dlbts as are to me owing, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for me; and of all the Securities and Contracts where- by any Money now is, or will or may hereafter become payable, or any Benefit or Advantage may accrue tome, or to my Use, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for me; and the Names and Places of Abode of the several Persons from whom such Debts are due and owing; and of the Witnesses that can prove such Debts or Contracts, if atty such there be; and that neither I, nor any other Person or Persons in Trust for me, or for my Use, have any Lands, Money, Stock, or any Estate Real or Personal, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, other than what are in the said Schedule contained; except Wearing Apparel, and Bedding for myself and Family. Working Tools, and neces- fary Implements for my Occupation and Calling, and these in the Whole not exceeding the Value of Ten Pounds; and that I have not, nor any Body for me hath, directly or indirectly, folJ, lessened, or otherwise conveyed, disposed of in Trust, or concealed all or any Part of my Lands, Money, Goods*

Chattels, Stock, Debts, Securities, Contracts, or Estate Real or Personal, whereby to (ecure the same,

or to receive or expect any Profit or Advantage thereof, or with Intent to defraud or deceive any Cre- ditor or Creditors, to whom I am or was indebted in any wise howsoever/

So help me God.

And the said Schedule and Oath shall be by every such Prisoner subscribed in the Presence of the Justices Sch^u e *ni in open Session of the Peace as hereby is directed, and shall be kept by, and remain with the Clerk the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer actin* as Clerk of the Peace for the County, City, Liberty, cw: j anu lo^.. Division, Town, or Place, where the same shall be subscribed and taken, for the better Information of u> with tutcu/k all the Creditors of such Prisoner who shall desire, or may have Occasion to resort th^cto; and every Pc«e, »* < 2 such.

5$2 C. 26.

Anno notice Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

the

in iy ainiinifter an Oath to the Gaoler, or any ether P:< Ton,

to uh n<5 any of the AiEgrees named by the Cooit,

the Examination such Creditor shall be at Liberty, at seasonable Times in the Dav-time, to peruse and exartline

Cf the Creditots. fame#

Cou*r,if required X. And be it further enacted, That the Justices within their respective Jurisdictions, at any such Ge-by the Creditor, neral or General Quarter Session, or Adjournment thereof, at the Request of any Creditor or Creditors of any such Prisoner, are hereby authoris'd to cause the Deputy Warden and Marshal of the Fleet and Kin/s Bench Prison, and any other under Officer, Tipstaff, and Turnkey of any Gaol or Prison, and any other Person, to co ne before them, and to examine them respectively on Oath, touching any of the

- o _ Matters contained in any of the Oaths prescribed by this Act to be taken, and the Truth thereof; and if

the Miuers'pre- the Oath which shall have been taken in open Court by rny such Prisoner or Prisoners shall not be differibed to be proved by good Testimony of any credible Person or Persons on Oath, and such Justices, or the major

fw-orn to Part of them> present at any such General or Quarter Session, shall be satisfied with the Truth of t. e Oath

Juxh not^bdn* ta^en ^Y any such respective Prisoner, then such Justices shall, in such Session, or some Adjournment disproved, t’he8 thereof, command the said Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of such Prison or Prisons, Court is*to difforthwith to set at Liberty such Prisoner or Prisoners, without having or taking any Fee or Reward,

charge him; other than One Shilling for his or their Attendance with such Prisoner or Prisoners at such General or upon paying a Quarter Session, or any Adjournment thereof, in order for his, her, or their Discharge, and which every Feeot is. to the such Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers of such Prison or Prisons, is and are here-aoer*. determined by authorised to receive and take for every such Order: And every such Order shall be a sufficient Dif-

fied°for the Ef- charge to the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of such Prison or Prisons, and shall indem-case. " nify nim or them against any Escape or Escapes, or Action or Actions whatsoever for Elcape, which shall or may be brought, commenced, or prosecuted against him or them.

Estate and Effects

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, of the prisoner, ancj Trust, of such Prisoner, of, in, and unto, all the Real Estate, as wrell Freehold and Copy as Custo-char^r^toveft jn*naryhold, and to all the Personal Estate, Debts, and Effects, of every such Prisoner, shall, immediately, the Clerk of the a^tcr the Discharge of any such Prisoner, be, and the same is hereby, vested in the Clerk of the Peace, Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Pcac^ of and for the County, Riding, City, Town,

who it to make Corporate, Division, Liberty, or Place, where any such Prisoner shall be respectively discharged; and ever the same to every such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, is hereby ui-

*K‘ A,r... rested and required to make an Assignment and Conveyance of every such Prisoner’s Estate and Effects,

vested in such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, as pfore-said, to such Creditor or Creditors of the said Prisoner, as the Justices at any General or General Quarter Session of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, which shall be held by them within their respective Jurisdictions, shall order or direct (which Assignment and Conveyance shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without being wrote on Parchment or Paper stampt) and to vest the Estates thereby assigned and conveyed, in the Party or Parties to whom the same shall be so assigned and conveyed, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, according to the Estate far which he is and Interest the Prisoner had therein; and for the preparing, ingrossing, and executing, of which Assign-co mere1 ment a,l(* Conveyance, no Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace,

mcr shall take any greater Fee than Two Shillings; and every such Assignment and Conveyance shall be in

Trust for the Benefit of the Creditor or Creditors of every such Prisoner to w hom the same shall be made, and the rest* of the Creditors of such Prisoner, in respect or in proportion to their respective Debts: And every Person and Persons to whom any such Assignment and Conveyance as aforesaid shall be made, is and are hereby fully impowered to sue, from Time to Time, as there may be Occasion, in his, her, or their pwn Name or Names, for the Recovery and Attaining any Estate or Effects

of any such Prisoner, and also to execute any Trust or Power vested in, or created for the Use or Be-

nefit of, any such Prisoner; but in Trust, for the Benefit of him, or themselves, and the rest of the Behalf.oner‘Creditors of every such Prisoner; and to give Discharge and Discharges to any Debtor or and give Dif- Debtors of any such Prisoner, as shall be requisite: And every such A (fig nee and Assignees shall, with charges. all convenient Speed after his or their accepting any such Assignment or Conveyance, use his and their

They are to get^cd Endeavours to receive and get in the Estate and Effects of every such Prisoner; and shall, with all in, with all convenient Speed, make Sale of all the Estates of such Piifcner vested in such Assignee or Assignees; and Speed, th-’ Estate if any such Prisoner shall be interested in, or inti tied to, any Real Estate, either in Possession,wRevcrfion, and Erteds of the or Expectancy, the same, within the Space of Two Months after every such Assignment and Conveyance, shall be sold by publick Auction in such Manner, and at such Place, as the major Part of the Creditors of wS:hT e Sj e’ any such Prisoner who shall assemble together on any Notice in Writing published in the London Gazctt^y Month'?, of Pri-°r in some Daily Paper, if the Prisoner before his going to Gaol restJcd in London, or in the Weekly loner’s R^ai Ef- Bills of Mortality, and if elsewhere, then in some News Paper which shall be nubltshed in or near the tote, in Mann r County, Riding, or Division,-City, Town, Liberty, or Place, in which such Prisoner dwelt before he M t^n-nflhe1 a°r was COITimitted to Gaol, Thirty Days before any such Sale shall be made, shall, under his Hand, CtiditoTsf. n! or their Hands agree on: And every such Assignee or Assignees, a the End of Three Months at farthest m..ntd for that from the Time of his accepting any such Assignment or Conveyance as aforesaid, shall make a just and Purpose; fair Dividend of all such Prisoner’s Estates and Effects which shall have b^en then got in amongst his or

»nd mike a Di her Creditors, in proportion and in regard to each Creditor’s respective Debts; but before any such Di-*iir°d wiihm 3 vidend shall be made, such Assignea or Assignees shall make up an Account of such Prisoner’s Estate; and °0’ *s> make Oath in Writing before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Di-

vifior

Assignee* impowered to sue,

and execute any Trull or Power

C. 26. 5^3

___, *- o that every such*

Account contains a just apd fair Account of the Estate and Eftcdls of every such Prisoner got in by or t

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III.

vision, Town, Liberty, or Place, in which any such Prisoner shall have been discharged

for such Assignee or Assignees, and of all Payments made in respect thereof, and that all Payments in every fjKie up, n o»th. such Account charged, were truly and bona fide made and paid \ and Notice of the making of every such .0 D N(the Dividend shall be published in like Manner as a Meeting of Creditors is herein before directed to be pub- to be given of lished, Thirty Days at-least before the same shall be mace: And no Creditor shall be allowed to receive makwg any Di-any Shareof such Dividend, until he shall have made put the Justness and Identity of his respective Debt v'dt"di > by Oath,-or due Proof in Writing, before some such Justice or Justices; and if any Creditor of such jnd ncnc f° re* Prisoner shall be dissatisfied with the Reality or Fairness of aiw Debt claimed by any other Creditor, then ^e'e^0a}nbyut the same, at the Request of any such Creditor or Creditors so dissatisfied, shall be examined into by theak ^1 nnAC

Justices of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, in which such Prisoner shall have their Debts, een discharged, at their next General or General Quarter Session, and what they shall there determine Debt? ermrrd r<*

in the Premises, shall be conclusive to all Parties: And if, after Payment of all such Prisoner’s Creditors, ex-mi.ird int*

there shall any of his Estate and Effects remain after Payment of all reasonable Charges, the same shall be paid to such Prisoner, his Executors or Administrators. J 1 ,c ^ur.r*

r 9 Surplus of the

Prisoner’* Estate, *fter satisfying all Claim* thereon, to go to the prisoner.

XII. Provided further, and be it also enacted, That no Suit in Equity shall be commenced by any Af-signee or Assignees of any such Prisoner’s Estate and Effects, without the Consent of the major Part, in fenced Chi^ by \ alue, of the Creditors of such Prisoner, who shall meet together pursuant to a Notice to be given in Content of the the London Gazette for that Purpose, Majority in Va-

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, lac ot lhe Crcdl", or other Officer, adtiYig as Clerk of the Peace of every respective County, City, and County Town, andl®"*

County, Riding, Division, Cinque Port, Liberty*, and Place, with whom any Schedule of the Estates of peace to exhibit any Insolvent Debtor or Debtors, Fugitive or Fugitives, shall be left, and his Successors, Clerk of the to the Creditor, Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer, acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, shall, on the reasonable or hi* Attorney, Request of any Creditor or Creditors of such Insolvent Debtor or Debtors, Fugitive or Fugitives, or his "p°n Paymen of or their Attorney, produce and shew to such Creditor or Creditors, or his or their Attorney, in the Day- *J t'hhcc time, the Schedule of the Estates of any such Insolvent Debtor or Debtors, Fugitive or Fugitives, which EstateaadEC-' shall be left with any such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, lefts: or his Predecessor in that Office; the Person so requiring to fee and peruse any such Schedule, paying or tendering to the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, in whose Attested Copy Custody any such Schedule shall be, or his Deputy, the Sum of One Shilling for his Trouble in search- thereof to be ing for, and looking out, such Schedule, and attending whilst the same shall be perused by the Party or6rantcdi Parties requiring to nave the same looked out, and to peruse the same; and that a true Copy of every such Schedule, signed by the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace* which shall be in whose Custody the same shall be, or his Deputy, purporting the same to be a true Copy of such Sche- Evidence in all dule, without being wrote on Stampt Paper, and for which Copy no more shall be paid than Three- Coun* pence by the Sheet, each Sheet to contain Ninety Words, and so in proportion for a less Number of Words in any Sheet, shall, at all Times, be admitted in all Courts whatsoever as legal Evidence of the pr^duce'fuVh6 fame: And if any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of Schedule, cr to the Peace, shall, on reasonable Request as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to produce to any such Creditor or deliver a Copy Creditors as aforesaid, or his or their Attorney, any such Schedule as aforesaid, and to permit the same thcrcof» or tak> to be inspected as aforesaid, in the Day-time, onr such Payment or Tender as aforesaid, being made to him i Fees for^the01 or shall ask or take more than after the Rate of Three-pence by the Sheet, each Sheet to contain Ninety fame>

Words, and so in proportion for less than Ninety Words in a Sheet; or shall refuse to make and deliver forfeits to!, and a Copy of any such Schedule, on being requested as aforesaid so to make the same, and having the Money Treble Costs. tendered to him for Payment of such Copy, after the Rate aforesaid *, shall, for every such Offence, for- One Moiety to feit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, which shall and may be f*;d for and recovered in any of His Ma-the Prosecutory lefty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, together with Treble Costs of Suit, in thea"d [,hc ot|,cr Name of any Person who shall prosecute for the same: And One Moiety of which Money forfeited shalK pari^or of the when recovered, go to the Party who prosecutes for the same, and the other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish in Which the Offence shall be committed.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before such Time as any Assignee or Assignees, aforesaid, shall enter on, or take any Profit from, any of or Customary Estate as aforesaid, he or t mwy Estate*1 they shall agree and compound with the Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors of whom the same shall to compoundwith be holden, for the Payment of such Fine or Income as, upon any Surrender and Admission thereto, hath Lord of the heretofore been most usually accustomed to be paid; and that upon every such Agreement or Compofi-Mawor* tion, the said Lord or Lords for the Time being, at the next Court, or feme subsequent Court, which shall be holden for the said Manor or Manors, after such Agreement made, shall admit such Afficneeand to t* ad-or Assignees Tenant to such of or Customary Premises, according to the Custom of the said Ma-ltted Tenaut* nor or Manors of which the same shall be holden, for and during such Estate and Interest as the Prisoner rcupon* had therein at the Time of his or her being discharged as aforesaid, reserving the Rents, Duties, Heriots,

Custoras, and Services, payable and to be rendered in respect of the said of or Customary Prc-mifcSt

5S4 C. 26. Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

Prisoners,

XV. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prejudice or affect any Estate, or crtih-«--a-^ntcrc* or Right whatsoever, of any other Person or Persons, other than the said Prisoner or Fugitive

The &c. Interest

iff as on the an^ ^avc^ to them, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made.

Premiffs,

XVI. Provided further, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Rent, not ex-

uhere Rent ii ceeding Two Years Rent, shall be due to any Person or Persons from such Prisoner or riifoners, at the due, ajeto be Time of his or their respective Discharges, in respect to any Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, then in Landloni and not^ca^e to ^ch P^loner or Prisoners respectively, for Life or Lives, for Years, at Will, or otherwise, no rr.ade over ro the Goods or Chattels then lying or being in or upon the respective Tenements, liable to be distrained, shall Arrets j be assigned by ihe Cleric of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, in Manner aforesaid, but shall, by such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, be tranKnitted to such Landlord or Landlords, or some Person or Persons uVti! they shall intrniled for him or them respectively, towards Satiiffaction of the Rent then due, not exceeding Two ^ree to ratify the Years Rent, as aforesaid, unless the Person or Persons to whom such Assignment and Conveyance Unw*grd. shall be made determined by such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, shall, by Writing under his Hand* or their respective Hands, before such Alignment shall be made, agree to pay or satisfy to such Landlord or Landlords the Rent to him or them respectively due, not exceeding Two Years Rent as aforesaid; to the Intent that such Landlord or Landlords may be satisfied the Rent or Rents to him or them respectively due, before any Division of the Estate or Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners shall be made among his other Creditors, in like Manner as he or they might be satisfied the Rent to him or them respectively due, before the Removal of such Goods and Chat-Act $ Ann*, tels, by virtue of an Execution, by Force of the Statute made in the Eighth Year of Her late lVa.elty’f Reign, intituled An Atfjir the better Security of Rents, and to prevent brands committed by Tenants j any Ail Mortgages, Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

R-ee*-

XVII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act fhJl extend, 'arcor be construed to hinder or prevent, any Mortgage or Mortgages upon the Estate of such Prisoner or Pri-' tutaken.es,r (oners, or any Part thereof, to take Place upon the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, comprised in

preferable t<

-Claims rt

ioicnor Nature Upon the L,ands, enenents, or Keai Estateot such Eriloner or Enloners; and ailo where any

<juiiition shall have been taken upon any such Statute or Recognizance, or any Writ.of Execution shall have been taken out and delivered to the Sheriff or proper Officer, upon any such Judgement, before such Discharge shall be given in open Session to any such Person as aforesaid, the Perfooal Estate of every such Prisoner respectively shall be subject thereto, in the First Place, for so much as shall remain due upon such Mortgage, Statute, Recognizance, or judgement respectively, in like Manner as such Mortgagees and Creditors, by Statute, Recognizance, or Judgement, would Have been preferred to other Creditors of an inferior Nature, against the Real or Personal Estate 0/ such Prisoner and Prisoners respectively, if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And whereas many Persons who may be intitled to, and claim the Benefit of, this Act, are seised and possessed of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to hold to such Prisoners for the Term of their natural Lives, with Power of granting Leases, and taking Fines, reserving f.naJl Rents on such Estates, for One, Two, or Three Lives, in Post'ession or Reversion, or for some Number of Years de-Power in the terminable upon Lives; which said Powers ought to be executed for the Benefit of the Creditors of such Prisoner of haf- prisoners be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Case, all and every the to veftVthe Powers of leafing such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which are or shall be vested in any such Assignece. Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid, shall and are hereby vested in the Assignee or Assignees of the Real and Personal Estate of such Prisoner, by virtue of this Act, to be by such Assignee or Assignees executed for the Benefit of all and every the Creditors of such Prisoners as aforesaid*

XIX. And whereas in some Gaols or prisons in this Kingdom, the Office of Gaoler or Keeper is held in Fee for Life, or otherwise, by Persons who never aft as Gaolers or Keepers themselves, or know ThcaftmgGao- aqy Thing of the Prisoners therein, but depute or employ some Person or Persons under them as Gao-,r *l liver in* T ^ers or ^ccPers of ^uCb Gaols or Prisons be itthercofore enacted, That in every such Case* the Person L\nt onlyniiablewb0 (had have been actually employed and acted as deputed Gaoler or Keeper of any such Gaol or Prison, tobelw.ro. at the Time of the delivering in the Lifts, hereby directed to be delivered in, of Prisoners in any such Gaol or Prison, at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or some Adjournment thereof, and not the principal Gaoler or Keeper (unless where such principal Gaoler or Keeper shall act as a Gaoler or Keeper himself) shall take the Oath herein before appointed to be taken by the Gaoler or Keeper of every Court, >(requir-such Gaol or Prison.

ol>of»np ihe or* And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices, at any General or Quar-

lvilonert DiU ter Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to which any Prisoner shall be brought in pursuance of is to ad-this Act, shall, if required by any Creditor or Creditors of any such Prisoner or Prisoners, who shall of-nunifler the ioi- p0fc hii or her Discharge, administer and give to the Gaoler, or the Person who acts as Gaoler or Keeper

lowing Oath to _r

tht Gaoler,

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 26. 585

of any such Prison, at the Time of bringing up any such Prisoner in order to be disch^rged under this Act,

an Oath to the following EffeS (that is to say)

I A B dofwear, That was reallyand truly a Prisoner in my Custody, in the Prison The Oath,

of to the belt of my Knowledge and Belief, at or upon the Twenty-ninth

Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight* and that the Copy or Copies of the Cause or causes of his or her Commitment or Detainer, now oy me brought with the Body of the said and produced to this Court, is or are a true Copy or Copies of the Cause or causes of such Detainer or Commitment, without any Fraud or Deceit by me, or any other Pei fun whatsoever, to the belt of my Knowledge and Belief.*

So help me God.

And if any Person who was Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any such Gaol or Prison If such Perfc-a on the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, or since, shall ft*11 not not happen to be the Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any such Gaol or Prison, at the^c"

Time any such Lift as aforesaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then the Justices at any such Session, l?/tVen the'tol-or at any Adjournment thereof, may, and are hereby reauired to administer and give the respective Person lowing Ouh is to or Persons who shall be Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any such Gaol or Prison, adminiforcJ and deliver in any such Lift as aforesaid at any such General or Quarter Session, or any Adjournmentt0 h,m* thereof, an Oath, touching the Commitments or Books of Commitment of any such Prison, to the Lftedt following (that is to say)

T A B do swear. That I have examined the Commitments, or Books kept of or concerning the Com-The Oath,

JL mitment, of Prisoners to the Prison of in the County, Riding, Division,

City, To wn, Place, or Liberty, of as the Case shall be; and that I do

verily believe that the said Commitments, or Books of Commitment, are really true, and not fictitious,

nor calculated for this Purpose; and by them it doth appear, that was on the

Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, really and truly a Pri- foner in the actual Custody of the then Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or

Keeper, of the said Prison, without Fraud or Deceit by me, or any other Person or Persons to my Know- ledge and Belief.*

So help me God.

XXL And, in order to discover any fraudulent Entries or Commitments of Prisoners in any Gaol Books, C°urt>require* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices at any General or Quarter Session 0fnfaafGmmoMr, the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, are hereby authorised, at the Request of any Creditor or Credi- [he^n who tors of any Prisoner, to convene before them, at some certain Time to be appointed by them, any Person acted as Gaol?* or Persons who was or were Gaoler or Keeper, or reputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any Gaol or Prison with- *9 %" in their respective Jurisdictions, on the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred orrince> and sixty-eight, or at any Time since; and to examine every such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or and examine him Keeper, on Oath, touching the Commitment and Continuance in Custody of any such Prisoner, as the touching the Justices, at any such General or Quarter Session, or Adjournment thereof, shall think fit: And if any Sheriff*, Commitment* Gaoler, or Keeper, or reputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall neglect or refuse to bring before such Justices at CuiloTonVe any Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, any Prisoner as shall be directed and required by War- kroner. C rant of any Justice or Justices as aforesaid, or to attend, or being summoned for that Purpose; or if any GaoJ?r ^obeying, Gaoler or Keeper attending, shall refuse to make Answer and Discovery in the Premises, as shall bercafo-the WirranS or nably required at such General or Quarter Session, or any Adjournment thereof; he, she, or they, so of- ior i’ '

fending in the Premises, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to wUhT'cLUCcfti be recovered by and in the Name, and for the Use, of the Party injured, by Action of Debt to be brought in his or her Name, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, together with Treble Costs of Suit.

XXII. And whereas great Number of Workmen, skilful in the several Trades and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and also many able Seamen and Mariners, finding themselves unable to satisfy the Whole of their respective Debts, and dreading the Miseries of a Gaol, have chose to leave their Employments and Native Country, and have entered themselves in Foreign Service: And whereas their Continuance Abroad must be of great Prejudice to the Trade of this Kingdom; in order therefore to induc e and en- able such Persons to return \ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Debtor and Decors wha Debtors, who was or were actually beyond the Seas in Foreign Parts on the said Twenty-ninth Day of"'er* ht>ond lhc 1 September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, and did not go into such Foreign Parts with the ^-sV'fu'renderJ View of Intent to gain or have the Benefit of an Insolvent Debtor’s Act, who shall return and surrenderJi;g\h,cn!5!|ti,^r* himself or themselves unto the Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers, of the Prisons of ;hc King's Bench, tmv tsketuc Mitrjhaljei, os Fleet, or to the Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of the Prison or Prisons ihit

of such County, City, t own. Riding, Division, Liberty, or Place, where such Debtor or Debtors iaftAc^ dwelt for the Space of Six Months (which said Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers, is and are hereby reauired and impowered to receive and detain such Debtor or Debtors surrendering as aforesaid, in oi Jer to Vot. X. 4. F their.*.

586 C. 26. Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

their Discharge as herein after-mentioned) shall, from and immediately after such Surrender as aforesaid, be deemed a rrifoncror Prisoners within, and be to all Intents and Purposes intitled to, the Benefit of this Act; and shall, upon due Proof of the said Premises, by the Oath of such Debtor or Debtors (notdifprov-ed by any credible Witness) be discharged in the same Manner as if he, she, or they, had been actually in Prison on the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eighr, and con-r Upon the same tinued therein as aforesaid 5 subject nevertheless to the same Restrictions and Provisions, and a Compliance Terms as other with the lilee Terms, Conditions, and Qualifications, herein before imposed upon the said Prisoners actually Prisoners; in Custody upon the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight; pceptin*' such and also subject to the Terms and Provisions relating to the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner as aforesaid; Particulars excepting only such Particulars thereof, as require the Name of a Prisoner to be inserted in the Gaoler’s or fh^hii1|^afel^ec, ier,s aforesaid, or relate to the Oaths of such Gaoler or Keeper herein before appointed to be

teken, which Particulars cannot possibly be applied to the Case of Persons surrenderine themselves as aforesaid; and also except the said Oath herein before appointed to be taken by Prisoners in Custody upon the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, instead whereof, the said Person or Persons so surrendering, shall take an Oath in open Court at some General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or some Adjournment thereof, of the County, City, Town, Riding, Division, rlace, or Liberty, in the Prison of which any such Fugitive or Debtor, shall be held, after the Surrender of any such Fugitive or Debtor, to the Effect following; which the said Justices authorised to put this Act in Execution, are hereby required and impowered to administer, in such Manner as the Oaths herein before-mentioned are to be administered.

F itive’« c T A B upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, solemnly swear, protest, and

iik. 4 X declare. That I was actually, on the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eighf, beyond the Seas in Foreign Parts, videlecet, at and that the Schedule now delivered, and b/ me subscribed, doth contain, to the best of my Knowledge, Remembrance- and Belief, a full, just, true, and perfe<ft Account and Discovery of all the Real Estate, Goods, Ef- feels, and other Personal Estate, in any wise belonging to me; and also of all such Debts as are to me owing, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for me; and of aH the Securities and Contracts whereby any Money now is, or will or may hereafter become payable, or whereby or wherefrom any Benefit or Advantage may accrue to me, or to my Use, or to any other Person or Persons in Trust for me; and the Names and Places of Abode of the several Persons from whom such Debts are due and owing; and of the Witnesses that can prove such Debts or Contracts, if any such there be; and that neither I, nor any Person or Persons in Trust for me, is or are seized of any Real Estate in Possession, Reversion, or Re- mainder, or Expectancy, or of any Personal Estate of any Kind "whatsoever, other than what are in the said Schedule contained; except my Wearing Apparel, and Bedding for myself and Family, my Working Tools, and necessary Implements for my Occupation and Calling, not exceeding, in the Whole, the Value of Ten Pounds; and that I have not, directly or indirectly, fold, lessened, or other- wife conveyed, disposed of in Trust, or concealed, all or any Part of my Real Estate, Money, Goods, Chattels, Stocks, Debts, Securities, Contrails, or other Personal Estate whatsoever, whereby to fe- cure the same, foasto receive or expect any Profit or Advantage therefrom to myself or Family, or with any View, Intent, or Design, to defraud or deceive any Creditor or Creditors, to whom I am indebted in any wise howsoever, or prevent their recovering or attaining their respective Debts/

So help me God.

- C«Terand Pri

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Gaoler or Keeper of any ter#f the Gan* Prison or his Deputy or Deputies, shall, without just cause, to be approved of by the Justices at some jette, or ot herQcnerai or Quarter Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, within their respective Jurisdictions, Complying rcfuk or delay to bring any such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid to any such General or Quarter Session, vith the Regu- or some Adjournment thereof, in order to his or her Discharge, or shall neglect, refuse, or designedly omit Jationf in this toinfert, in any such Lift, the Name or Names of any such Prisoner or Prisoners who was or where actually Aa forfeit tooh in Custody in Ms or their respective Gaol or Prison on the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, One ^i^e^b]cne"> t^ou^an<® seven hundred and sixty eight, or since; or shall negleil or refuse to make out, fix up, or CoflsnfSuit. deliver, such Lifts as aforesaid; or if any such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall neglect or refuse to take any of the said Oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him; or shall, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, take or receive more than the said Sum of One Shilling herein before allowed for his or her Attendance in order to be discharged of such Prisoner of Prisoners as aforesaid; or shall detain any such Prisoner after he or she shall be discharged as aforesaid; or if the Printer of the London Gazette, or other News Paper as aforesaid, shall wilfully refuse or neglectc to insert therein the Name, Trade^ Occupation, and last Place of Abode, of such Prisoner, on reasonable Request to him made for that Purpose, and Tender of the Money hereby directed to be paid; or shall take or receive any Fee or Gratuity more than Two-pence as aforesaid for doing thereof; every such Gaoler and Keeper of such Prison or Prisons, his Deputy or Deputies, and every such Printer as aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit and pay to each Prisoner, in any such Case injured, the Sum of One hundred Pounds; which shall pid may be recovered, with Treble Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint. or Information, in any of the Courts of Record at Westminster^ wherein noEffoin, Protection, or Wager of leaw* or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

2

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 26. 587

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Gaoler or Gaolers, or G»®1w* conria. Keeper or Keepers, or any deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any Prison, shall j in taking of the afore-men-forfcitf"o'T tioned Oaths, forswear or perjure himself, and shall thereof be lawfully convicted, such Gaoler or Keeper, °it£l FUii°e0ft» or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of such Prison or Prisons (over and above such Penalties as may be inflid-of Suit, &c,

ed on Persons convicted of Perjury) shall, upon every such Conviction, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five

hundred Pounds; to be recovered, with Full Costs, by Bill, Plaint, or Information, or Action of Debt,

in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of

Law, shall be allowed, determined by and in the Name of such Person or Persons, his or their Executors and Admi-

nistrators, to whom any Assignment or Conveyance, in pursuance of this Adf, shall be made, of the Estate One Moiety to g*

and Effedsof such Prisoner or Prisoners; and if no such Assignee or Assignees shall be living, then in thet0 jhehInformer»

Name or Names of any other Creditor or Creditors who shall sue for the said Penalties; to be applied,

One Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety towards Sabisfaction of the Debts of such the Debts ot* the his Creditor or Creditors. Creditor*.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or ClerkoftbePe.ice other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, mall delay or refuse to give every or any such Prisoner f0 jcf‘uCosP*j-discharged as aforesaid, within Ten Days after his or her Discharge, a Copy of the Order of his or her Dif- Discha^e of charge, on the Payment of Two Shillings and Sixpence, or shall take more than the said Sum of Two lc arg Shillings and Sixpence for such Copy, or shall take more than Two Shillings for an Assignment or Con- or taking n^orbi. veyance of such Prisoner’s Estate or Effects: every such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Town *Jnt Fces for Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, who shall so offend, and who shall be convicted at fi^t^owthe any such General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, of any such Offence, shall, pTiio^r’s Efface for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to every such Prisoner the Sum of Twenty Pounds, as the Justices *nd Eifca*

of the reace, at any such General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, shall order; forfeit* 2oi. t» and who are hereby impowered to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of any the Pfit, ner* such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, so offending.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Prisoner as aforesaid, or any Prisoner coetia-other Person or Persons, who shall take the Benefit of this Act shall forswear or perjure himself, herself,*1 of e© or themselves, in any Oath to be taken under this Act, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, he, she, or* FcIoa* they, so offending, shall be adjudged a Felon, and suffer as such, without Benefit of Clergy.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person to be discharged byPerr3ns d,schart-this Act shall, at any Time hereafter, be imprisoned bj^ reason of any Judgement or Decree obtained for

Payment of Money only, or for any Debt, Damages, Contempts, Costs,^ Sum or Sums of Money, con-J^f^pebu^c* traded, incurred, occasioned, owing, or growing due, before the said Twenty-ninth Day of September ontraOtd beto*© One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight; but that upon every Arrest upon every Judgement or such *9 Sept. 176S. Decree, or for such Debts, Damages, Contempts, Costs, Sum and Sums of Money, it shall and may be lawful for any Judge of the Court where the Process issued, upon shewing the Copy of the Order of such Prisoner’s Discharge or Discharges, to release and discharge out of Custody such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid; and every such Judge is hereby impowered so to do on such Prisoner’s causing a Common Appearance to be entered for him in every such Action and Suit.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if an Adjon of Escape, or any Suit or Action, be brought against any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Sheriff, Gaoler, or Keeper of any

Prison, for pei forming their Office, in pursuance of this Act, they may plead the General IHue, and give Action of this Act in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, or Verdict pass against Escape, or Suit him, or Judgement upon Demurrer, the Defendant shall have Treble Costs. brought against

[Treble Costs.]

them, and recover

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Scire facias, or Action of Debt, Persons difdiarg. or upon Judgement, shall be brought against any Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, ed P,ejd upon any Judgement obtained against any such Prisoner, or on any Statute or Recognizance acknowledged Xaionst^Jd c-by him or her, before the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-ro.nt7b,0u*kt8a-. eight, with respect to Prisoners in actual Custody, or with respect to Debtors beyond the Seas, as afore-gairft th-m be-said, upon the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundrea and sixty-eight, it shall, orc *9 SrPu

be lawful for any such Prisoner, his nr her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, to plead generally that,76b# *c* such Prisoner was actually a Prisoner in such Prison at such a Person’s Suit, or was or were beyond the Seas in Foreign Parts on the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, and was or were duly discharged according to this Act, at the General or Quarter Session, or Adjournment thereof, held at such Time and Place for such County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City, Town, or Place (as his, her, or their Case is) without pleading any Matter specially; and in case any other Suit orindIn®th79 Action shall be commenced against him, her, or them, for any other Debt, Sum or Sums of Money, due^yrpec^? before the said Twenty-ninth of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, to plead in Dif-per^ns^roni Ex-charge of his or her Person from Execution (over and above such Matters as aforesaid) that such Del t or ecu t ion.

Sum of Money (as the Case shall happen) was contracted or due before the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, without ^pleading any other Matter specially; where to the Plaintiffs shall or may reply generally, and deny the Matters pleaded as aforesaid, or reply any Plaintiff may rt ether Matter or Thing which may shew the said Defendant not to be intitled to the Benefit of this Act, P1y$e"«ra*‘j>*c*

4F 2 or

5B8 C. 26.

Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

[Treble Costs.]

but if Non-Tinted ii to pay

Bankrupts not obtaining their Certificate* in due Time, excluded from the Benefit of this Act.

Atfornie: embez*

or not duly discharged according to it, in the same Manner as the Plaintiff might have replied, in case the Defendant had pleaded this Act, and his Discharge by virtue of this Act, specially; and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, discontinue his Action, or Verdict pass against him, or Judgement on Demurrer, the Defendant to have 'Preble Costs.

XXX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person against whom a Commission of Bankrupt hath been awarded and issued out, and who hath not already obtained his Certificate and Discharge of his Debts, in pursuance of and in such 'Manner as is directed by some or One of the Acts of Parliament now in Force relating to or concerning Bankrupts, or shall not obtain such Certificate and Discharge before such Time as he iiiall be brought before the Justices of the Peace at their General or Quarter-Session, or some Adjournment thereof, held as aforesaid, in order to be discharged in pursuance of this Act, shall have or receive any Benefit or Advantage of or under this Act, nor be deemed to be within the Meaning thereof.

XXXI. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

Mms,.&CFC#rSlS release or discharge any Attorney at Law, or Solicitor, or any other Person or Persons acting, or pretend-exduckd the Be- *nS to act* such* with regard to any Debt with which he or they shall (land charged, for any Money, or Befit of this Art! other Effects, recovered and received by him or them, for the Use of any Person or Persons, Bodies Corporate or Politick, and by any Attorney, Solicitor, or other Person or Persons acting as such, embezzled* concealed, or converted, to his or their own Use; or to release or discharge any Servant or Agent, or any Person or Persons employed or intruded as such, with regard to any Debt or Demand with which he, she, or they, shall stand charged, for and on account of any Money, Goods, or other Effects, received or pof-

seised by him, her, or them, for the Use, and on Account of, his, her, or their Master or Masters, or

Employers, and by such Servant or Agent, embezzled, concealed, or converted to his, her, or their own TJfe; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison shall and is hereby required to fufter, in the Day-time, any Person or Persons desiring the same, to fee and speak, in the Lodge, or some convenient Room of the said Prison, with any Prisoner or Prisoners* whose Names are inserted in the afore-mentioned Litt or Lifts, or London Gazette^ or other Newspaper*

ferred imhcLifi, or any of them, or any Persons surrendering the mfcives pursuant to this Act; and also fee, in the true or Gazette. &c. and genuine Books of the said Prison, the Entries made of the Name or Names of such Prisoner or Pri-

?ndthe or Mna! f°ners> together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Suits he, (he, or

Bwks o^Enttfes, t^leY are detained: And if any such Gaoler or Keeper shall neglect or refuse to comply with what is here Scz. on Penalty ’above required, every such Gaoler or Keeper, who shall so offend in the Premises, shall forfeit and pay to the Person so refused and aggrieved, the Sum of Forty Pounds; to be recovered, with Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of the Courts at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed, determined by and in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so refused and aggrieved.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding the Person of any Prisoner or notwithstanding1’ Prisoners, Fugitive or Fugitives, shall be discharged under this Act, the futuic Estates and Effects of every his personal Dif- such Prisoner and Fugitive shall remain and be liable to his, her, and their respective Creditors as before charge, lijble to the making of this Act (his, her, or their necessary Wearing Apparel, and Bedding for his, her, or their Creditors; Families, and Working Tools and Implements necessary for his, her, or their Trade or Occupation, not rel^Bcdim^and exceeding the Value of Ten Pounds in the Whole, only excepted); and any Creditor or Creditors of any Working Tool*, such Prisoner of Prisoners, Fugitive or Fugitives, may, at any Time hereafter, sue out Execution, Extents,

or other Process, or any Judgement at the Time of such Discharge recovered, or Statute Staple, or Recognizance acknowledged by, or Sentence or Decree obtained against any such Prisoner or Fugitive, but not against his, her, or their Person, or his, her, or their respective Wearing Apparel, Bedding, Working. Tools, and Implements as aforesaid.

f, ii^t h c* R cc ov e r yC

XXXIV. And be it also enacted, That any Creditor or Creditors of any Prisoner or Prisoners, Fugitive or

otDebt due at Fugitives, who shall be discharged under this Act, may at any Time after any such Discharge, commence the Time of ike and prosecute any Action or Suit against any such Prisoner or Fugitive, his, her, or their respective Heirs* Pn Toner's Dif- Executors, or Admin iterators, for the Recovery of any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be due from hoi?thebprVoner any such Pris°lier or Prisoners, Fugitive or Fugitives, at the Time of his or her Lid I)if harge, but shall to Special Bail, not hold the Person of any such Prisoner or Fugitive to Special Bail; nor shall take the Person, necessary nor take his Per- Wearing Apparel, Bedding, 'Fools, or Implements as aforesaid, of any such Prisoner or Fugitive in Exelon, Wearing Ap- cution, or any Judgement, Sentence, or Decree, which shall hereafter be recovered or obtained against or Tools^'n8’ any Pr,^oner or Fugitive: And in any Action or Suit, which shall be hereafter commenced against Jud’ement ,nand any such Prisoner or Fugitive, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, no Bene t or Advantage no Advantage is shall be had or taken, for that the cause of Action did not acciuc within Three Years next bef -re the* to be taken of commencing of any such Action or Suit; nor shall any Statute of Limitation be pleadable, or be allowed tke Cauic of Ac-to be pleaded in Bar of or in any such Action or Suit, which shall be hereafter commenced by any such wi3ihin°ThT«ing ^rc^‘tor or Creditors against any such Prisoner or Prisoners, unless such cause of Action or Suit did not Yc.trs, nor ot iheaccrue within Three Years next before any such Prisoner or Fugitive shall be discharged under this Act; Statute of Limi- and, in any such Case, the same may be pleaded by any such Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors, or tation. Administrators.

Gaoler to permit the speaking in private to Prisonere, whose Names are in-

of 40 J. with Costs of Suit.

Prisoner’s future

tcc. not exceeding 10 1. Value

excepted.

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 26. 589

XXXV. Provided always, and be it likewise enacted, That by the Discharge of any Prisoner or Fugi- Dischanjeof Pp-tive by Force of this Act, no other Person or Persons who was or were Partner or Partners in Trade with any such Prisoner or Fugitive, at the Time of his or her Discharge under this Act, or then flood p^fner or Sure-bound, engaged with, or liable to the Payment of any Debt with any such Prisoner or Fugitive, or en- ties, gaged in any Contract together with any such Prisoner or Fugitive, shall be discharged from any such Debt or Demand; but every such other Person and Persons shal] severally {land and be chargeable with, and liable to pay such Debt and Deb:s, and to perform such Contracts, in like Manner, as if any such Prisoner or Fugitive had never been discharged from the same. ’

XaXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Gaoler or Keeper, or reputed Gaoler or Keeper of m3^,ns any Prison or Prisons, shall make or cause to be made any false Entries in any Book or Books belonging [heVrUon B«!ok to any Prison or Gaol under his Care, or of which he is or was Gaoler, or shall prepare or keep, or cause or Lists, Mem to be prepared or kept any false Book or Books, in order for any false or untrue Entry or Entries to befool, with made therein; or shall inlert in any Litt to be delivered in as aforesaid, the Name or Names of any Person TebliCofls, or Persons who was not a Prisoner or Prisoners in aDual Custody in any such Gaol or Prison upon the Paid Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, or shall not have ever fmee remained in such actual Custody; except as in the Oath of any such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall be excepted j every such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall, over and above the Penalties which he shall be liable to for every such Fraud, forfeit and pay the over and Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered, with Treble Costs of Suit, by and in the Name, and forall^hcKr ^ena, Ile* the Use of any Person or Persons who shall be prejudiced by any Entry, or such false Entries; which Pe- or c rau ralties shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information* in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Eiloin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed. -

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Prisoner, being thereunto required by any Creditor, pr'foner refu^n5 shall refuse to discover and declare the Trade or Occupation and Habitation or last Place of Abode of the

Person or Persons at whose Suit he or she is detained or charged in Custody; or being called for and de- person at whose fired, by any Creditor or Creditors, to come to the Lodge of the Prison in which any such Prisoner shallsu;the isdetain-be confined, without some reasonable Cause being made appear to the contrary; every such Prisoner, upon b or to come to Proof being made thereof before the Justices at any General or Quarter-session of Peace, or any Adjourn-lhc Creditor m ment thereof, to be held as aforesaid, shall not have or receive any Benefit or Lifcharge by or under this ^ud-d the Re-Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. this Act.

XXXVIII. And whereas there is but one Common or County Gaol for each of the respective Coun- ties of York and Lincoln, which said Counties are each of them divided into several Ridings or Divisions,

all which have several Commissions of the Peace; and if the Gaolers of those Goals be obliged to carry the Debtors, Prisoners therein, to the Quarter-session of each Riding or Division, the same will be a

Gaol thereof respectively, or at some convenient Place near thereto, and they are hereby required to al- &c. tt,r LMchuge ferabie and meet, and to hold Section there, by Adjournment from their respective Quarter-flflion, from of 1 nioners. Time to Time for the Discharge of the respective Prisoners therein, according to the Powers, Limitations, and Directions of this Act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Debtors, and others, who Those who are were in Prison on or before the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and i°nei<their sixty-eight, or since, in any of the Gaols of this Kingdom, and now remain there for not paying their Fees, Rents, or any other Demands, due, or claimed as due, to the Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison re- c.i irorOTucr, spectively, or to any other Officer of any such Prison, and upon no other Account, shall be discharged to bedifcliarg*a/ therefrom, he, she, or they taking the Oath by this Art required to be taken by Prisoners.

XL. Provided always, That this Act shall not extend to discharge any Person out of Prison, forking his1^ ,fors to t!ie. or her Discharge under this Act, with respect to any Debt wi h which he or she shall fl uid charged at the Suit of the Crown, or shall be indebted to any Body Politick or Corporate, or to any one Person, in aVov'c- i.ccoh^o any Sum exceeding the Sum of One thousand Pounds, hefides Interest and Costs, unless such Body Po- On? i»f con, in Jitkk or Corporate, or Creditor, shall consent thereto; and if any such Body Politick or Corporate, Cro-lc" t-s

ditor or Creditors, to whom a Sum exceeding.One thousand Pounds shall be owing, shall oppose the Dif- ^1,rc x~ ch. rge of such Prisoner, and shall infi.t that such Prisoner be continued in Gaol, that then, and in such JicnJ t Case, such Body-Politick or Corporate, or Creditor or Creditors opposing the said Prisoner’s Discharge ro^r)

aforesaid, shall, at his, her, or their proper Cost and Charges, allow and pay in the Whole such a Week- p-fro-.cp/Lu'-18 Jy Maintenance to the said Prisoner, not exceeding T hree Shillings and Sixpence per Week, in such ch.v:e to alW Manner as the said Justices in iheir General or Quarter-session, or some Adjournment thereof, shall order;I,n> 6d.

and upon Nonpayment of the same for the Space of Six Weeks, the said Prisoner, upon Application to the^'^ said J u It ices in their General or Quarter-session held as aforesaid, shall be discharged purl'uant to the Intent ^nf>

nifelur. c 4.

and upon Nonpayment of the same for the Space of Six Weeks, the said Prisoner, upon Application to the said Jultkxs in their General or Quarter-session held as aforesaid, shall.

and Meaning of this Act.

XLI. 1 rovided also, That every Person and Persons intitled or to be intit led to the Benefit of this Act, d harps to bt shall obtain their respective Discharges on or before:the First Dav of August\ One thousand seven hundred^ ^ 1

and seventy-one, or shall be excluded from all Benefit of this Act. - Al;*ub

590 C. 26.

Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

Creditors.

Assignee* may

XLII. And whereas it may happen that several Persons who may claim and be intitled to the Benefit of this Act, are seised of an EstateTail in some Freehold or of Lands, Tenements, or Hercdi- ments; which Entail, with the Remainders thereupon expectant, they have by Law Power to defeat and bar, either by levying a Fine or Fines, suffering a Common Recovery or Common Recoveries, or by Surrender or Surrenders thereof, whereby such Person or Persons said Freehold or of Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments would be liable to the Payment of their Debts, and be delivered up, according to the Terms of this Act, for the Benefit of their Creditors \* be it therefore enacted by the Person? seised of Authority aforesaid, That, in every such Case, such Person or Persons so seised as aforesaid, and who shall c'ai^l, CihcB? entitled to, and claim the Benefit of this Act, shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever in‘Law, be »jh!gAa deemed and taken, and is and are hereby declared to be seised of such Lands, Tenements, and Heredi-

are to deliver up

taments in Fee; provided the same shall be delivered up to the Creditor or Creditors of every such Pri-the fame 10 ihe foner, in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons had actually levied a Fine, suffered a Common Recovery or Recoveries, or made a Surrender or Surrenders thereof, and thereby bad become seised in Fee; any Law, or Construction of Law, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLIII. And whereas many Prisoners who may be intitled to, and claim the Benefit of this Act, have been great Dealers, or otherwise engaged in large Transactions, whereby they maybe intitled to sundry and great Debts and Demands of various and intricate Natures, and they may be intitled to Equities of Redemption of Ellatcs, subject and liable to Mortgages, Judgements, or other Incumbrances, or to Reversions. Remainders, or other contingent Estates in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to other Trusts or Interests in Estates, both Real and Personal, which may not be sufficiently described or 4 discovered in the Schedule or Inventory before directed to be delivered in, upon Oath, by the Prisoner to be discharged as aforesaid, or which may want his Aid or Assistance to adjust, make out, recover, or manage, for the Benefit of the Creditors be it therefore ermfted by the Authority aforesaid, That it npiy for further shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Assignees of the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner or Examination of Prisoners who shall obtain his, her, or their Discharge, in pursuance of this Act, or any other Person or in-The DiVcov*y Persons duly authorised by them for that Purpose, from Time to Time, to apply to any Two or more of oThbEft’e&s^c the Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, where such Prisoner or Prisoners shall be then residing, thereby desiring that such Prisoner or Prisoners may be further and justiew may examined as to any Matters or Things relating to his, her, or their Estate or Effects; whereupon such fend for and exa. Justices shall fend for, or call before them such Prisoner or Prisoners by such Warrant, Summons, Ways Gordin |*nloneTor Means, as they shall think fit; and, upon such Prisoner’s appearing, shall examine him, her, or them, accor mgy. we]i Upon Oath as otherwise, as to such Matters and Things as such Assignee shall desire, relating to Pris*nenefufing the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners; and if any Prisoner or Prisoners son Payment or to appear, or to Tender of Payment of such reasonable Charges as such Justices shall judge sufficient) shall neglect or refuse to come and appear, not having a lawful Excuse, to be made known to such Justices, and by them allowed, or, being come before them, shall refuse to be sworn,* or to answer to all such Questions as by such Justices shall be put to him, her, or them, relating to the Discovery of his, her, or their Estate or Effects so vested or intended to be vested in such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, or in such Assignees as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to apprehend such Prisoner or Prisoners so offending as aforesaid, and him, her, or them to commit to the County Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until such Time as he, she, or they shall submit him, her, or themselves to such Justices, and answer upon Oath to all such lawful Questions as shall by such Justices be put to him, her, or them, for the Purposes aforesaid.

20l. percent, al-

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Person and Persons lowed on difeo- who shall, within Twelve Months after the Discharge of such Prisoner or Prisoners, voluntarily come in Mo mi. 5^ any Pa^tan.^ ma^e a Discovery of any Part of such Debtor or Debtors Real or Personal Estate as shall not be com-oPthe Prisoner’* prized in such Schedule as aforesaid, before any Justices as aforesaid, shall be allowed after the Rate of Estate not re- Twenty' Pounds per Centum, out of the Net Produce of such Debtor or Debtors Estate which shall be returned in die covered on such Discovery, and which shall be paid to such Person or Persons so discovering the same, by Schedule. the Assignee or Assignees of such Prisoner’s Estate and Effects.

DUchargeobtain-

XLV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding the Discharge of any Prisoner or «d fraudulently Prisoners by virtue of this Act, if it shall hereafter appear the same was obtained fraudulently, or that any void. Part of the Oath taken by any such Prisoner was not true 5 then, and in every such Case, every such Di(-

char^e shall be void and of none Effect.

Persons conceal- XLVI. And, for the better Discovery of the Estate and Effects of any Prisoner who shall be discharged

ing any Estate or by virtue of this Act, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons who shall fooefforfcft6Pr'i^’have accepted of any Trust or Trusts, and shall wilfully conceal or protest any Estate, Real or Personal, Double Va- any such Prisoner, from his Creditors, and shall not, within-Thirty Days after any Assignee or Assignees lue, wirh Treble shall, in pursuance of this Act, be chose of any such Prisoner’s Estate, discover and disclose to such Costs of Suit. Assignee or Assignees such Trust and Estate in Writing, and deliver up or make over the same to such Assignee or Assignees, he, she, or they so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and also double the Value of the Estate, cither Real or Personal, so concealed, to and for the Use of the Creditors of any such Prisoner 5 to be recovered by Action of Debt, in any of his Majesty's

answer upon Oath may be cwnmitted.

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 26. 591

Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in the Name or Names of the Assignee or Assignees of such Prisoner’s Estate, together with Treble Costs of Suit.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful, at all Times Assignee*, with hereafter, for any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate or Effects of any Prisoner or Prisoners, who shall be Confeot of the chose in pursuance of this Act, by and with the (Jonfent of the major Part in Value of such Prisoner oriuCa,07Jhccr^u Prisoner's Creditors, who shall be present at a Meeting to be had on Twenty-one Days publick Notice ,orp° nJycom-being previously given for the Purpose hereafter mentioned in the London Gazette, if the Prisoner was in pound for Debt* Custody in London^ or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and if not, then also in some News-Paperthe Prifo-which shall be published in the County, City, or Place, in or near which any such Person shal] have beenner i Estatei in Gaol, to make Composition with any Person or Persons, Debtors or Accountants to such Prisoner or Prisoners, where the same shall appear necessary or reasonable; and to take such reasonable Part of any such Debt as can, upon such Composition, be gotten, in full Discharge of such Debts and Accounts; and also to submit any Difference or Dispute between such Assignee or Assignees, and any Person or Persons, and may f»bmit for or on account, or by reason or means of any Matter, Cause, or Thing relating to such Prisoner or any Dispute reia-Prisoner’s Estate or Effects, or to any Debt or Debts due, or claimed to be due, to or from such Prisoner*"® tbtreto to or Prisoners, to the final End and Determination of Arbitrators to be chosen by the said Assignee or Arb, traUon Assignees, and the major Part in Value of such Creditors, and the Party or Parties with whom they shall have no Difference, and to perform the Award of such Arbitrators, or of any Umpire to be chosen by them; or otherwise to settle and agree the Matters in Difference and Dispute between them, in such Man-or other wise may ner as the said Assignee or Assignees, with such Consent as aforesaid, shall think fit, and can agree, and and asr*c the same shall be binding to all the Creditors of such Prisoner or Prisoners; and every such Assignee or^"fit.e3r Assignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they shall fairly do in the Premises in pursuance of this Act.

XLVIII. And, to the Intent and Purpose that the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners as shall be discharged by virtue of this Act, may be duly and faithfully applied, for the Benefit of his, her, or their real Creditors, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Ash?n*esrray H the respective Courts at l¥tjlminster, and the Courts of Great Section in 1Valcsy and the Principality ofperitioned against, Chester, and the Counties Palatine of L ncajicr and Durham respectively, from whence any Process issued

upon which any such Prisoner or Prisoners was or werocommitted, or where the Process issued out of any nJgement/oro^ other Court, to and for the Judges of the Court of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, or of therMilbcha-Great Sessions aforesaid, within their respective Jurisdictions, or any One of them, from Time to Tfme,*i©ur $ upon the Petition of any such Prisoner, or the Creditor or Creditors of such Prisoner or Prisoners, complaining of any Inefficiency, Fraud, Mismanagement, or other Misbehaviour of any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate or Effects of any such Prisoner or Prisoners, to summon all Parties concerned, and, upon theC?urt thfre" hearing the Parties concerned therein, to make and give such Orders and Directions therein, either for the ^"/^Vpartic^ Removal or Displacing such Assignee or Assignees, and the appointing any new Assignee or Assignees in and maice such* the Place or Stead of such Assignee or Assignees so to be removed or displaced, or for the prudent, just. Orders thr *in a* or equitable Management or Distribution of the Estate and Effects of any such Prisoner for the Benefitlhc> flullthink of the respective Creditors, as the said Courts or Judges respectively shall think fit; and in case of thefir*

Removal or Displacing of any Assignee or Assignees, and the appointing of any new Assignee or Assignees, the Estate or Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners shall, from thenceforth, be divefled out of the Assignee or Assignees so removed or displaced, and be vested in, and delivered over to such new Assignee or Assignees, in the same Manner, and for the same Intents and Purposes, as the same were before vested in the Assignee or Assignees first chose as aforesaid $ any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where mutual where mutual Credit hath been given between any Prisoner or Prisoners who shall be discharged in pursuance of this Act, Credit has been and any other Person or Persons, or Body Politick or Corporate, before the Delivery of such Schedule or *,ven»

Inventory of the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners, upon Oath as aforesaid, the respective ^eaau^ed#al' Assignee and Assignees of such Prisoner or Prisoners is and are hereby authorised and required, on his and their Parts, to stateand allow an Account between them and the other Party or Parties concerned; and nothing more shall be deemed to be vested in such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, or such Assignee or Assignees under such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, as the Estate or Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners, than what shall appear to be justly due to him, her, or them respectively, as and for the Balance of such Account when truly stated.

L. ‘And whereas many Persons are often committed on Attachments, for not paying Money awarded Prisonersfornot to be paid under Submissions to Arbitration by Rules of Court, or under Submissions to Arbitration

Bonds, and which Submissions have been made Rules of the Court, in pui fuance of an Act passed in ^Pinions to

the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of William the Third, for determining Differences by Arbi- Arbitration; for € tration; and likewise for not paying of Costs duly and regularly taxed and allowed by the proper Officer, not payirg Costs;

after proper Demands made for that Purpose; and also upon any Writ of Excommunicato capiendo, or otherand upon Writof Process for, or grounded on the Nonpayment of Costs or Expences in any Cause or Proceeding in any Bap^u^Jcca^e

Ecclesiastical Courtit is hereby declared and enacted, That all such Persons are and shall be intitled jn|-tled t’0

to

592 C. 26, 27. Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

Benefit of this to the Benefit of this Act, on and subject to the same Terms and Conditions as are herein expressed and A* declared with respect to Prisoners for Debt only.

Thofewh wePri- LI. ‘ And whereas great Numbers of poor People have been, and are now imprisoned for Debt upon cefsTu^of Coum* ^, oce's issuing out of Courts of Conscience it is hereby enabled and declared, That all such Prisoners ofconscience, Entitled to have the Benefit of this Act, and be discharged under the same, provided he, (he, or

have the Benefit they conform to the Directions herein before prescribed, touching other Prisoners who shall be discharged of this Act. by virtue of this Act.

Quaker’s Affir-

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases wherein by this Act an nation to be u- Oath is required, the solemn Affirmation of any Person being a Quaker, shall and may be accepted and ken in lieu of taken in lieu thereof; and every Person making such Affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful and an Oath. false affirming, shall incur and suffer such and the same Penalties as are inflicted and imposed by this Act upon Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

Persons who took

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who took il»c-Benefit oithetjlc ft nefit of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, €.41° excluded?* intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Insolvent Debtors, shall have or receive any Benent or Advantage of or under this Act, nor be deemed to be within the Intent and Meaning thereof, so as to be discharged under the same; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

ThisAflnottccx-

LIV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to that trad to Scotland. part Df Great Britain called Scotland.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to continue certain Laws therein mentioned, for granting, for a limited Time, a Liberty to carry Rice from His Majesty's Provinces of South and North Carolina and Georgia, directly to any Part of America to the Southward of the said Provinces, subject: to the like Duty as is now paid on the Exportation of Rice from the said Colonies to Places in Europe Ctuate to the Southward of Cape Finisterre.

Preamble* c WHEREAS t is expedient that the Laws herein after mentioned, which have been found useful and beneficial, and which are near expiring, should be continued: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and* be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of

Act Geo. 3. c. His present Majesty, intituled, ‘An Act for granting, for a limited Time, a Liberty to carry Rice from lOc/fron? South Majesty's Provinces of South Carolina and Georgia, directly to any Part of America to the Southward c’aroliru^ar.d'11 of the said Provinces, subject to the like Duty as is now paid on the Exportation of Rice from the said Georgia, &c. ‘ Colonies to Places in Europe situate to the Southward of Cape Finisterri and also a Clause in an Act

and clause in made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, ‘An Act for more effectually securing Act 5 Geo. 3. C.c and encouraging the Trade of His Majesty's American Dominions; for repealing the Inland Duty on 4S. allowing like Coffee, imposed by an Act made in the Thirty-second Year of His late Majesty King George the Se-Cwoiin*0 N°rth4 cond 5 and for granting an Inland Duty on-all Coffee imported (except Coffee of the Growth of the

arc n British Dominions in America); for altering the Bounties and Drawbacks upon Sugars exported; for

repealing Part of an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of His said late Majesty, whereby Bar Iron made in the said Dominions was prohibited to be exported from Great Britain, or carried Coastwise; 1 and for regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs in the said Dominions which gave Liberty to carry Rice from Forth Carolina, in the same Manner, and under the like Entries* Securities, Restrictions, Regulations, Limitations, Duties, Penalties, and Forfeitures as were enacted by the said Act made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, with respect to carrying Rice to the Southward of South Carolina and Georgia; which have Continuance for Five Years from the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament;

the?u"hc^?erm^a^ he, an(* t^lc ^ame are hereby continued from the Expiration thereof for the Term of Five Years, and e/y years. " from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament*

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 28. 595

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to permit the Inhabitants of Jersey and Guernsey to export directly from thence to(*J,^'/A""* Newfoundland, or the British Colonies in America, Goods necessary for the Fishery, under certain Restrictions; and to import from thence Non-enumerated Goods (except Rum) and jf'A c4! 2. c! to land the same in the said Islands. 14.29 Geo. 2. c.

23. 30 Geo. 2.c«

3°.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles

Preamble, recit-

the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Trade, it is, amongst other Things, enact-in8c}aufes*nAA ed, That no Commodity of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Europe, shall be imported in-*5 tar*II. c. 7* to any Land, Island, Plantation, Colony, Territory, or Place, to His Majesty belonging, or which Par 11 hereafter belong unto, or be in the Posseffion of, His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, in Asia>

Africa, or America, (except as therein is excepted) but what shall be bona fide, and without Fraud, laden and shipped in England or Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, under the Penalties in the said Act mentioned: And whereas by an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, aid 4. Geo. III. any Officer of His Majesty's Customs is impowered to stop any British Ship or Vessel arriving from any Part of Europe, which shall be discovered within two Leagues of the Shore of any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and to seize and take from thence, as forfeited, any Goods (except such as in the said Act are mentioned) for which the Matter or other Person taking Charge of such Ship or Veiled shall not produce a Cocket or Clearance from the Collector or proper Officer of His Majesty's Customs, certifying that the said Goods were laden on board the said Ship or Vessel in some Part of Great Britain: And whereas the Fishing Trade carried on by the Inhabitants of Jersey and Guernsey at Newfoundland, and other of the British Colonies and Plantations in North America, is highly beneficial to this Kingdom, in the employing g eat Numbers of Seamen and Ships, and in the Use and Consumption of great Quantities of British Manufactures; and it is therefore expedient, for the Encouragement of that Trade, to permit the said Inhabitants of Jersey and Guernsey to export directly from thence such Articles as a e necessary for their carrying on the said Fishery: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it ^ay be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons inhabiting inhabitant* of in the said Islands of Jersey or Guernsey, to ship and lade in the said Islands, and to transport dircdfcJy from Jersey or Guernsey thence to Newfoundland, or to any other of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, where the

Ihery is now or shall hereafter be carried on, on board any Ship or Vessel whicu may lawfully trade there, otne^Bn ini* any Sort of Craft, Food, Victuals, Cloathing, or other Goods, fit and necessary for the Fishery in those An-.eiitan Colo-Parts, or for the Use and Support of the Mariners or other Persons employed on ooard the Vessels, or onnies, Goods of Shore, in carrying on the said Fishery there; such Craft, Cloathing, or other Goods, being the Grow;h,th#e G,owtfl or Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, or of the said Islands of Jersey or Guernsey, and such Food orcrcTt^lBritaTn0^ Victuals being of the Growth or Produce either of Great Britain, Ir Lind, or the said Islands of Jersey orrccess\ry i0r the Guernsy; any thing in the said Acts, or any Law or Statute, to the contrary notwithstanding. Fishny;

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further declared and cnadb.d by the Authority aforesaid, That the upon producing a Matter or other Person taking Charge of such Ship or Vessel shall produce, to the proper Officer of the CVrt scale so :h* Customs in the Colony or Plantation where lie shall arrive, a Certificate, tinder the Fan I and Seal of the^}cJn Governor, Lieutenant or Deputy Governor, or Commander in Chfcf for the Time being, that Oath h.id(}1JC tin*Good*,

been made by the Shipper of such Goods before the Magistrates of the Royal Courts in Jersey or G turn fey, kc.m ot fuel*

vas taken in his Pretence; and on Failure cf producing such Certificate as herein before directed, such reiture.

Craft, Food, Visuals, Cloathing, or other Goods, found on board any Ship or Vessel, and the Vessel importing the same, shall be liable to be seized and forfeited in the same Manner as they would have been subject and liable if this Act had not been made; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas by an Act made in (he Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Cl wfc in A & t 4 An Act for repealing certain Duties in the Brit; (h Colonies and Plantations granted by sever al Acts of Par Ha-tieo* III. c. 51* f ment; and also the Duties imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament upon certain Latt India Goods exported from Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in.;, cad thereof; and fir encouraging, regulating,

and securing several Branches of the Trade of this Kingdom, and the Brititti Dominions in America; it is

amongst other Things, enacted, that Bond and Security, in the Penalties in the said recited Adlmention- ed, shall be given to the Collector or other Principal Officer of the Customs at any Port or Place in any of

tbt British American Colonies or Plantations, with One Surety besides the Master of every Ship or VefieL

that shall lade or take on Board there any Non-enumerated Goods, with Condition that such Goods shall not be landed at any Part of Europe to the Northward of Cape Fiwjlerre, except in Great Britain; which and 7 Geo. III.

C.

594 C. 28, 29. Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769

Exception was, by an Act made in the Seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, extended to Ireland: And € whereas it is reasonable to extend the like Exception to the Islands of Jersey and Guernsey :* Be it there-Non-enumentedfore cna^ed by the Authority aforesaid, That any Non-^enumerated Goods, except Rum, laden as afore-Goods, Rum ex- said in any British American Colony or Plantation, may be landed in the said Islands of Jersey or Guernsey; cepted, laden on that the said Act made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and all the Regulations

an.y Bri therein contained, so far as the same relates to the Bond and Security for landing such Non-enumerated c5ony?eaUowed Goods in Great Britain, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to the said Islands of Jersey and Guernsey to be* landed in also, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Islands had been excepted and named jerVry or Gucrn- in the said Act; and that any Bond which may have been or shall be entered into in pursuance of the said iry.under the Rf-recited Acts, or either of them, shall and may be cancelled and discharged by the Certificate under the Hands and Seals of the Magistrates of the Royal Courts of Jersey or Guernsey respectively, or any Three Geo. i|i. of them, and the Principal Officer of the Customs in such Island Fespectively, testifying the Landing such Goods there, in the same Manner as if the said Goods had been landed in Great Britain or Ireland; any thing in the said Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for the more effectual Punishment of such Persons as shall demolish or pull down, burn, or other wise destroy or spoil, any Mill or Mills; and for preventing the destroying or damaging of Engines for draining Collieries and Mines, or Bridges, Waggon Ways, or other Things used in conveying Coals, Lead, Tin, or other Minerals, from Mines; or Fences 'for inclosing Lands in pursuance of Acts of Parliament.

riotously, and tumultuously affecnbled together, to the Disturbance of the Publick Peace, Hull unlaw- fully and with Force demolish or pull down, or begin to demolish or pull down, any Church or Chapel, or any Building for Religious Worship, certified and registered according to the Statute made in the tnj 4a 1 \v;i.4 First Year of the Reign of the late King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for exempting Toeir and Maiy, c. jS. Majesty's Protestant Subjects dissenting from the Church of England from the Penalties of certain Law\y or any Dwelling house, Barn, Stable, or other Out-house; that then, every such Demolifiling or Fulling down, or beginning to demolish or pull down, shall be adjudged Felony without Benefit of Clergy; and the Offenders therein shall he adjudged Felons, and shall suffer Death as in the Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy: And whereas forae Doubts have arisen whether the said Act extends to the pulling down and demoliftiing of Mills: Therefore, for remedying the Mischiefs which may ensue therefrom, and for the more effectual Punishment of such Offenders, be it enacted by the King’s most The riotously Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Cora-ifea.brng.and de* monS} this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or inning fod^mo^e; ns unlawfully, riotously, and tumultuously assembled together, to the Disturbance of the Publick ji(h,&cBanyM Uor Peace, shall, at any Time after the First Day of Jufy, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, un-Miiisor^nyof the lawfully and with Force demolish or pull down or begin to demolish or pull down, any Wind Saw Mill, Work thereof, i» or other Wind Mill, or any Water Mill, or other Mill which shall have been or shall be crested, or any shepVfotlrmlt11 °( Works thereto respectively belonging; that then every such Demolishing or PuHingdown, or begin-thereof, without n*nS to demolish or pull down, shall be adjudged Felony without Benefit of Clergy, and the Offenders Benefit of Clergy j therein shall be adjudged Felons, and shall suffer Death as in case of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

II. And whereas no effectual Provision hath heretofore been made for preventing the Burning of Mills,’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall from and after the First Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, willfully or maliciously burn or set fire to, any

as isaifbthewil- Wind. Saw Mill, or other Wind Mill, or any Water Mill, or other Mill; such Perron so offending, fully buraing, or^e;ng lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony without Benefit of Clergy, and shall 252* fi, et0lnyfuffe7 Death as in case of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

III. And, for more effectually preventing the Destroying of Engines for draining Collieries, Cole Mines, and other Mines, and Bridges and Waggon Ways used in conveying Coals,-Lead, and other Minerals from thence; and also Fences made or to be made for Lnclosing Lands by virtue of Acts of

The wilfully de- Parliament; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any ilroying or da- Time after the First Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, wilfully or maliciously rowing Engines set fire to, burn, demolish, pull down, or otherwise destroy or damage, any Fire Engine or other Engine lieiies^or°other" ercftet^> or to be erected, for draining Water from Collieries or Coal Mines; or for drawing Coals out Mines or for the same; or for draining Water from any Mine of Lead, Tin, Copper, or other Mineral; or any drawing Coals Bridge, Waggon Way, or Trunk erected, or to be erected, for conveying Coals from any Colliery or thereout; or any Coal iYfine, or Staith for depositine the same; orany Bridge or WaggonWay erected, or to be erected for con-Lead* Till, Copper, or other Mineral, fromany such Mine; orany Fence or Fences that are or fliaM s be

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III.

e. tg, 30. J9S

Staith, used fov my Purposei of the said Mines, Sc c.

or Fences set up

for inclufing Lands by virtue of Acts of Parliament, is Tran -fportation for 7 Years.

Limitation of Prosecutiont for the said Offences,

be erected, set up, provided, or made, for dividing or inclosing any Common Waste or other Lands or Grounds, in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament l every such Person, being lawfully convicted of any or either of the said several Offences, or of caufine or procuring-the same to be done, shall be ad~ judged guilty of Felony, and shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court by or before whom such Person shall be tried, shall have Power and ^Authority to transport such Felon for the Term of Seven Years, in like Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

IV. Provided always, That no Person or Persons shall be prosecuted by virtue of this Act for any Offence or Or ences committed contrary to the same, unless such Prosecution be commenced within Eighteen Months after the Offence committed.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of Her late Majesty Queen ^inne as relates to the Harbour Moorings of the Royal Navy; and for the more effectual Preservation of such Harbour Moorings; and Punishment of Persons guilty of dealing or embezzling His Majesty's Naval Stores; or of Forgery or Perjury in relation to Seamens Wages.

c. 1X7 WHEREAS the Provisiorw by an Act of Parliament of the Tenth Year of Her late Majesty Preamble*

4 W Queen Annr^ for the preservine Her Majesty's Harbour Moorings, have been found inefficient for preserving the Harbour.Moorings belonging to His Majesty, and (or securing the Ships, and Vessels 1 of the Royal Wavy from being liable to be damaged by Merchant Ships or Vessels: For Remedy where- oi/ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Co'nfent of the RfP^ f<r Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho- 7o

rity of the same, That so much of the said Act, as relates to the preserving Her said late Majesty's Ann.T, as relate* Harbour Moorings, shall be, and is> hereby declared to be, from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of to preserving Her jmtne9 One thousfo.d seven hundred and sixty-nine, repealed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, if any Merchant Ship, or other Ship or c^ernme* Vend, other than and except His Majesty's Ships of War, or Ships or Vessels belonging to his Majesty’:; vice flopping> or Royal Navy, or employed in His Majesty's Service, shall flop or fasten to any of His Majesty's Moor- fattening to, any ings, or fix themselves to any of His Majesty's Ships or Hulks, or ride or moor with their own Anchors, th.c R°y*1 so as in any Manner, or with any Wind, to be liable to bear against any of His Majesty's Ships ofcWar, or r

or other Vessels; the Captain, Master, Commander, or Person, then on board, and having the Care or so aa uTbc Command of such Merchant Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds for each and liable to bear every Tide such Merchant Ship or Vessel shall stay and remain at the said Moorings, or ride or moor against any of the with its own Anchor, so as in any Manner or with any Wind, to bear against any of His Majesty's said Ships, Ships or Hulks; unless it shall appear that such Merchant Ship or Vessd was necessitated so to do by Want of Tide, Stress of Weather, or other unavoidable Accident; One Moiety of which Forfeiture ceflitiiedfot«4^ shall be applied to the Use of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, and the other Moiety thereof to the Use Application of of him or them who shall fuc for the same; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Infor- the Forfeiture, mation, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, with full Costs of Suit; wherein no FiToin, Privilege, Pro left ion, Wager of Law, Injunction, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person on board commanding such Mrrcham Shiot Merchant Ship or Vessel shall, and he is hereby required, upon an Order given to him in Writing by ady any One or more Officer or Officers belonging to any of His Majesty's Ships of War, Docks, or Yards, from «ny facb to junloofe from the said Moorings, and remove such Merchant Ship or Vessel, in case it shall be then Moorings, upcn moored, with its own Anchors, so as effectually to prevent the same from riding, or being in any Man- net compMrf nee, or wi h any Wind, liable to bear against any of His Majesty's said Ships or Hulks; and upon Nc- the Vu^o*"*

flcft or Refusal of such Officer to comply with any such Order or Ordtr9 for the Space of Twenty-four e 1 lours next after such Order or Orders shall be so given, it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Officer or Officers of any of His Majesty's Ships ot War, Docks, or Yards, to unloose, or cause such Merchant Ship or Vessel to be unloofod, as aforesaid, and to remove, or cause the same to be removed, so as effectually to prevent the same from riding, or being in any Manner, or with any Wind, liable to bear against His Majesty's said Shipper Hulks. '

IV. And it is hereby declared and enabled, That every such Officer or Officers of his Majesty's the Kin?* Ships of War, Docks, or Yards aforesaid, shall be and he and they is and are hereby indemnified for ships, or Dmk* what he or they shall so do, or cause to be done, in pursuance of this Act. are indcnri.V.ika

V. And, for the more speedy and cftectual bringing to Justice Persons who shall falsely afliime the Names or Characters of Officers or Seamen, or other Persons; or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause to Ttcaiurer. and be forged or- counterfeited* any Letter of Attorney, Bill, Ticket* Certificate, Assignment, last Will,

4 G gr jowtKd atf

596 C. 3r> 3°*

Anno nono Georgii III.

Jti/>iccs in ary of fj.fr Cases hcie ir.rnr oned;

Tot fvi >*:fr slfli f^nctrnirg Kavsl

»S wj,

S* e 31 Fl. c. 4. j('» Car. 2. c. 5. 19 Or. 2. c. 7. a?, and 23 Car. 2. c. 23.

1 Gen. c. 25. f. 3.

37 Geo. 2. c. 40. I. 10.

20.G50. 2. c. 52. f. 31.

A.D. 1769.

srd a’l Confta-

H s are required to obey and execute their Warrants accordingly.

penalty of uttering any forced Letter of Attorney, Rill, Ticket, Certificate, Assignmen, last Will, &c.

«t any Officer or Sailer to obtain any Wages,

Prize Money,

<tc, thereupon is

[Preamble.]

or other Authority to receive any Wages, Pay, or other Allowance, due to any Officer, Seaman, or other Officer, in, or who has been, orlhall be in, his Majesty's Service; or shall utter or publifti the same as true; or who shall be guilty of Healing or embezzling his Majesty's Naval Stores; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of jW’, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer, Comptroller, Surveyor, Clerk of the Acts, or any Commissioner of the Navy/or the Time being, and they are here- by respectively authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, in all Places whatsoever, to do, perform, exercise, and execute, the Office and Duty of a Justice or Justices of the Peace, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, in causing any Person or 1 ersons who shall, at any Time or Times, from ► and after the said Twenty-fourth Day o 1; Ji m*, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, be charged with forging or counterfeiting, or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, any Letter of Attorney, Bill,

( Ticket, Certificate, Alignment, last Will, or other Power or Authority; or with uttering or publishing the same as true, in order to receive any '; ages, Pay, or other Allowance, due to any Officer, Seaman, or other Person, who is or has been, or shall hereafter be, in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors; or with taking, or procuring false Oaths to be taken, for any of the Purposes aforesaid; or to obtain a Probat of any Will, or Letters of /vdininistration, in order to receive such Wages, Pay, or other Allowance; or with ftcaling of embezzling of any Naval Stores, the Property of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to be apprehended, committed, and prosecuted, for the same; and all Constables, Headboroughs, Keepers of Goals and Prisons, and all other Officers whatsoever, shall, and they are hereby reflectively required, from Time to Time, diligently to execute, perform, and obey, all such Warrant and Warrants as shall be made, directed, illiicd, or given to them, or any of them, by any One or more of the Persons aforesaid, touching any of the Matters and Things herein before contained.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall, a her the said Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, utter or publish, as true, any false, forged, cr counterfeited Letter of Attorney, Bill, Ticket, Certificate, Alignment, last Will, or any other Power or Authority whatsoever, in order to receive any Wages, Pay, or other Allowances of Money, or Prize Money, due or supposed to be due to any Officer or Seaman, or other Person, who has really served or was supposed to have served, or who shall hereafter serve or be supposed to have served, on board of any Ship or Vessel of his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors, with Intenttode-fraud any Person, knowing the same to be false, forged or counterfeited, then every such Person, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

Felony without Benefit of Clergy. Perjury ai well as Forgery is a capital Offir.ee, by 31 Geo. 2. c. 10. f. 24.

CAP. xxxi.

An Act for the establishing and well-governing an Hospital for the Reception, Maintenance, and Employment of Penitent Prostitutes; and for extinguishing the Right of Common of and in certain Lmds in Saint George's Fields, in the County of Surrey.

WHEREAS in the Year One thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, a charitable Society was entered into by several Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, for establishing a House for thtf Reception, Maintenance, and Employment, of Penitent Prostitutes; and the same hath been from that Time ca r ed on and supported by voluntary Subscriptions, and many Persons have received Relief &c. in the said Charity: And whereas the House provided for the Purposes aforesaid, in Prefect Street in Goodman s Fields in the County of Middlesex, is in a very ruinous Condition, and too small for the Reception of the Number of Objects who are desirous to partake of the said Charity: And whereas Robert Dinghy and Philip Milloway, Esquires, are seised of an Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple of and in Six Acres of Land lying dispersed in the Open and Common Fields called Saint George’s Felds, in the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the County of Surrey, in Trust for the erecting a Building thereon, and making such other necessary Conveniences as may be thought proper for the Reception, Maintenance, and Employment, of Penitent Prostitutes, and a very considerable Sum of Money hath been subscribed for those Purposes: And whereas it would be more convenient

the said Field, in trust for the Purposes aforesaid: And whereas divers Persons Li fed or possessed of Lands in he said Fields have a Right of Common for their Cattle, at certain Times in the Year, upon the said Six Acres of Land, promiscuously with other Lands in the said Fields: And whereas neither the said Six Acres of Land, whereof the said Robert Dingley and Philip Milloway are so seised as aforesaid, nor any other Lands of which they may become seised in Trust for the Purposes aforesaid, can be inclosed and built upon, unless such Right of Common thereon is extinguished: Now, in ord;r to promote and effectuate the good Designs of the said charitable Institution, and for carrying the Purpos

- 4 aforesaid

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 31. 597

aforesaid into Execution, May it please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad. ice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com mo j % in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, there be and shall be a Corporation, to continue for ever, for the Corporate* ir-’ v/cll governing an Hospital for the Reception, Maintenance, and Employment, of Penitent Prostitutes; »l'jCV'Jirhc and that the Right Honourable Francis Earl of Hertford-, Knight of the Most Noble Order of the Garter; the Right Honourable Robert Lord Romney, liaron of Romney \ the Right Honourable Hugh Piercy, commonly called Earl Piercy; the Right Honourable Francis Conway, commonly called Viscount Beau-damp \ the Right Honourable Francis Lord Orwell, in the Kingdom of Ireland; the Honourable George Ferret Esquire, One of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer; Sir Timothy Walds Knight, Sir Alexanicr Grant Baronet, Robert Dinghy Esquire, John Barker Esquire, the Reverend JVHiiatn Dodd LL. D.

George Adcy\ If me Akerman, Edmund Boehm, Henry Bolder0, George Bristow, Nathaniel Ca/ihton, John Ctn.well,' George Cronwecline, John Dclmc, John Dorrjcn, Peter Duval, Thomas Farrer\ I Til Ham Fauquier, Tin mas Fir fiber, George Garret, Robert Haler ow, Jonas Han way, Charles Hornby, JVifham Jacornb,

Michael James, Hrbert Mackworth, Timothy Mangles, Philip Act Ho way, Robert Nettle ton, Richard Alor-hall, Robert Pell, Jens Pederson, George Peters, Thomas Prig ten, John Anthony Rucker, John Shakespear,

Joseph Skinner, Andrew Thongfon, George JVombwell, Newdigate Pcyntz, Esquires; and Abraham Winter-bottom Gentleman; together with any Person or Persons who hath paid, or at any Time hereafter shall pay, into the Hands of the Treasurer or 1 reasurers of the said Hospital for the Time being, the Sum of Twenty* one Pounds or upwards at One Time for the Use of the said Hospital, shall be and are hereby appointed Governors of the said Hospital; and also every Person who shall at any Time. hereafter pay into the Hands of such Treasurer or Treasurers the yearly Sum of Five Guineas, or more, for the Use of the said Hospital, shall, during such Time as they shall respectively continue to pay the same, and for ever, after he or fnc shall have paid the said Sum for Five Years successively; and also every Person who shall be appointed by any General Court of the Governors of the said Hospital, shall be respectively Gover- nors of the said Hospital; and the President, Vice President, Treasurer, and Governors, shall be, and 5tjje &c;

they are hereby declared and adjudged to be. One Body Corporate and Politic in Deed and in Law, by the Name of The President, Vice president, Treasurer, and Governors, of the Magdalen Hospital for the Reception of Penitent Prostitutes; and that by the same Name they shall nave perpetual Succession, and a Common Seal, with Power to change, alter, break, and renew the same, from Time to Time, as they and Power, shall judge expedient; and that they and their Successors by the same Name may sue and be sued, implead, and be impleaded, answer, and be answered unto, in all or any Court or Courts of Record and Places of Judicature within this Kingdom; and that they, by the Name aforesaid, shall be able and capable in Law to have, hold, receive, enjoy, possess, and retain to them and their Successors, in Fruit for and for the Benefit of the said Hospital, all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been paid, or shall at any Time or Times hereafter be paid, given, devised, or bequeathed, by any charitable or well disposed Persons, to and for the charitable Ends and Purposes in this Act mentioned; and that they, by the Name aforesaid, shall and may at any Time hereafter, without Licence in Mortmain, purchase, take, or receive, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Estate or Interest arising or derived out of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purposes aforesaid.

II. Provided always, That no Person or Persons who shall be elected into, or employed in, the Particular ora-Pbce or Office of Secretary, Chaplain, Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary, of the said Corporation, ce,s disc».a!i*cd or into any other inferior Office or Employment theicunto belonging, shall. at any Time or Times £om actl' 8 a> during the Time he shall be employed or continued in such Office, aft as a Governor of the said Cor- ov*rnuri* poration at any Court or Committee, or otherwise; except the present Secretary, Surgeons, and Apo- the Preffnt thccaries; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. cers exceptc

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Francis Earl of Hertford shall be and he is hereby ap- The first Prefi-pointed President of the said Corporation; and that the said Robert Lord Romney, Hugh Earl Piercy, Sir d<-nt and Vice Alexander Grant, and Robert Dinghy, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Vice Picfidents of the said Presents, Corporation; and that the said John Barker shall be, and he is hereby appointed Treasurer of the said Treasurer, Corporation; and that the said Viscount Beauchamp, Lord Orwell, Mailer Baron Perrot, George Adey, and Committee, Isaac Akerman, George Brijhw, Nathaniel Cajileton, John Delrne, John Dorrion, Peter Duval, Thomas

Farrer, William Fauquier, Thomas Fletcher, George Garret, Robert Haler ow, Jonas Hanway, Charles

Hornby, William Jacomb, Michael James, Timothy Mangles, Philip Aid low ay, Richard Mortal, Robert

Nettleton, Jens Pederson, Robert Pell, Thomas Prejion, John Anthony Rucker, John Shakespear, Jf ph Skinner, Esquires; Sir Timothy JValdo, and George JVombwell Esquire, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Vice President*

a Cominitee for transacting and managing the Affairs of the said Corporation: And the said Vice Prefi- Tiwfurer, and

dents, Treasurer, and Committee, shall continue for the Space of One Year only, unless respectively

elected to the said respective Offices; and the said President, or, in his Absence, One or more of the ally, a°n "

Vice Presideirs, or the Treasurer, with any Eight or more of the said Governors; or, in the Absence whJmay com-

of the President, and of all the Vice Presidents and Treasurer, any Nine or more of the said pose a Ge*c«l

Governors, shall compose a General Court; and the First General Court shall be held on the Court,

Twenty-eighth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, at the said House in Prefcot Their firrt Meet-

Street, Goodman's Fields $ and shall then, and from Time to Time, be adjourned to such Times and 'rn*10 b*on

Places

ing ihe Vice Pre-fitleatF, Trea-fu'er. Committee. and other OiH;ers, &c. Pov.-rr of the General Court «o entrr into C mralU \

an! ta manage and trmfaft all Bu fine is, See,

59? C. 31. Annp nono George III. A.D. 1769.

Places as the Court shall think necessary for the due Execution of this Act; and a General Court of the r ofrener if nr- said Governors shall be held four Times at the lead ip every Year, that is to say. On the lad Wednesday teiDij. in July^ the last Wednesday in October, the last Wednesday m January, and the last Wednesday in Afrit,

Annual General or 0ptener^ jf Occafl:m foa 11. require, upon Notice thereof given by the Order of any hive or more ourt or t^c said Governors, by publishing the same in any One of the Public News Papers, Five Days at lead before the holding every such Court; and a General Court shall be held in the Month of April in every Year, a like Notice whereof shall be given; at which Court the Vice Presidents, Treasurer, Committee, (confiding of such Number of Governors as such General Court shall think necessary) and the Officers and Servants of the said Hospital, shall be elected for the ensuing Year and the said Governors, assembled at any General Court as aforesaid, shall have full Power and Authority in the Name of the said Corporation, and on their Account, to enter into such Contrails as the Governors, or any Nine or more of them then present, shall think proper; and to do, manage, transact, and determine, all such Matters and Things as shall to them, or any Nine or more of them, at any such Court* appear to be necessary or proper for the e fleet ing and carrying on the good Purposes of this Act; and shall and may dele ate such Powers and Authorities to the said Committee as they shall think necessary* and delegare pro- for the more easy, speedy, and effectual Execution of this Act; and it shall and may be lawful to and per Powets to for the said Governors, in a General Court assembled only. to order and dispose of the Custody of the Commute:*; said Common Seal, and the Use and Application thereof; and to make, ordain, and constitute, fjch

a'r ofc °of anc^ many Bye-laws, Constitutions, and Ordinances, as to them shall seem necessary and convenient,

U e°of the Com- ^>r ^le buter governing, regulating, ordering, and managing, of the said Hospital, and of the Officers,

xnon Seal; Servants, and Persons, employed in and about the Affairs of the said Hospital, and of the Persons ap-

and to make plying to be admitted therein, and for the auditing of the Accounts of the said Hospital; and the same Bye Uwi. bye-laws, Constitutions, and Ordinances, so made, to put in Use accordingly; and at their Will and and to revoked Pleasure to revoke, change, and alter the same, or any of them; which said Bye-laws, Constitutions, altcr the same. and Ordinances, so as aforesaid made, shall be duly kept and observed; provided that the said Byelaws, Constitutions, and Ordinances, be not contrary or repugnant to the Statutes, Customs, or Laws of this Kingdom.

Ko Bye law to IVrTrovided nevertheless. That no such Bye-law, Rule, Order or Ordinance, shall be binding, be binding, unicfa or have.any. Force or Efted* until the same foall have been agreed to and confirmed by the next succeed-confirmed by a ing General Court, whpthtjr Annual, Quarterly, or Extraordinary; and that the same Methods shall in Cwur8observed in altering or repealing any such Bye laws. Rules, Orders, or Ordinances. iuakmofaPre- V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, rFhat in case of the Death or Resignation of the Pre-h lent, vice President, or of a Vice President or Treasurer, of the said Corporation: it shall and may be lawful to and tident, or Trea- for the said Governors, or any Nine or more of them, at any General Court, to nominate and appoint a row, in the President, Vice President, or Treasurer, in the Room of the President* Vice President, or Treasurer, so deceased, or having resigned* .;

jign.

'VI, And be it further enacted, That all Questions upon the Proceedings of the said Corporation, at any

au Qo«ftionf at General Court or Committee, shall be decided by Vote; and, in case of an Equality of Voices, the Pre-a General Court fident or Chairman shall have the casting Vote,; and upon Demand of any Five Members or Governors tl}e (a^ Corporation present at such General Court or Committee respectively, the same shall be de^ Vote; uiiieii7 termined by Ballot, to be immediately proceeded upon and completed.

Vite Memhcit demand a Ballot, and then it ii.to be determined accordingly.

General Court

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Governors, or any Nine of more of them, at a General impowered to «p- Court, shall have Power, from Time to Time, and at all Times, to appoint such other Officers and Per-fccTaalhall ^on5 as they think necessary to employ for the Purposes, and in the Execution, of this Act; and, U judged ne«ef- from Time to Time, to suspend or remove all such Officers and other Persons, or any or either of them, lary5 as they shall think fit, and appoint others in case of Death, or- such Suspension or Removal; and may*

x to temore or out Monies to be received for the Pnrpofefe of this Act, make such Allowances to such Officers

fafpend them; and other Persons for their Services, as to the said Governors, or any Nine or more of them, at a Gene-»d allow them *al Court, shall seem reasonable; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee so to be mfo»4bk s«li* appointed as aforesaid, or any Five or more of them, at any Weekly or other Meeting, to suspend or remove any such Officers and other Persons, and to appoint others in case of Death, or such Suspen-Committee, at fion or Removal, until a General Court shall be held; and the said Governors, or any Nine or more of their Weekly or them, at a General Court, shall and may confirm such Appointments, or may remove such Officers of ImmeKeTto*9* ot^r Persons, and appoint others in their Room, as they shall think fit; and all and every such Officers iWpendof re- and other Persons shall, from Time to Time (when thereunto required by the said Committee, or any move officer*, Five or more of them) make and render to the said Committee, or any Five or more of them, a true, Sec. and appoint exact, and perfect Account in Writing under their refoedive Hands, upon Oath, to be taken before ral*C©«xt*b«e" ^wo or more of the said Committee (which Oath any Two of the said Committee are hereby impowered held. 001 to administer) of all Monies which he, she, or they, and every of them respectively, shall to that Time Officer*to ac- ^avc received, paid, and difourfed, by virtue of this Act, or by reason of their respective Offices; and coun/opo^Otih, in case any Money so received shall remain in their or any of their Hands, the same shall be paid to the ice. wkea re- said Committee, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to required^ ceive the same; and in case any such Officer or other Person (fiall not make and render, or shall refuse to

and making Dc- verify upon Oath any such Account, or to make such Payment as aforesaid, then any One or more Juf-iaait therein, tice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey shall make Enquiry of and concerning such Detault 1 in

A.D. 1769. Anno nono CfiORcn Hr. C 3*. 5^9

in a summary Wjiy, & well by Confession of the Parties thdmfelWs. as by the Testimo'ny of One or

tnore credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath the said Justice or Justices.is and are hereby miy fce commit-

impowered and required to administer; and if any such Officer or Person shall be convicted of ajl or any the ted»

Offences aforesaid, such Justice or Justices ihatt, upon Rich Convictiorr, commit the Party offending to be render the Common Gaol of the Counties of Surrey or Middlefcjr, there to remain without Bail or Mainprise, ptc<^njand until he or she shall have made a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he or Ac compound!* shall have compounded and agreed with the said Committee, or any Five or more of them, and have paid such Compcfition-money; which Composition the said Committee, or any Five or more of them, are hereby impowered to make.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall be admitted into the said Hospital as a

Penitent Prostitute, or who shall be employed in the said Hospitalas h hired Servant, shall, by reason ui\°or V«PL>iove4 of such Admittance or Service, gain a Settlement in the Parish in which the said Hospital is or shall therein, to pin be situate, no Settlement ia

the PatiA thereby.

IX. And whereas Four Acres of Land, Part of the said Six Acres of Land Tying In Saint George*

Fields, whereon it is intended, as ifoon as conveniently may be, to build the said Hospital for the Re- ception, Maintenance, and Employments, of Penitent Prostitutes, lie together in One Plot; but tpe said Four Acres of Land cannot be inclosed for that Purpose unless the Right of Common thereon, and

hereinbefore mentioned, is extinguished be it therefore further enacted, Thit, frorft and after tpe Right of Com-

passing of this Act, all Right of Costnnon or Common of Pasture in, over, and upon, the said Foyr

Acres of Land, lying together in One Plot as aforesaid*- shall cease, determine, and be for ever extig- thH«£

f ui{hedj and from thenceforth all Right of Common or Common of Pasture claimed by the said Ro- p;ui it inteode*

ert Dingley and Philip Milloway Esquires, their Heirs, and Assigns, or any of them, or any Person pr to be built. Persons whatsoever, in, over, or upon, any other Part or Parts of the said Fields, called Saint George s,

Fields^ by virtue of any Right or Title to the said Four Acres of Land, shall cease* determine, and oc for ever extinguished.

X. And in order that the said Robert Ding ley and Phi/ib Milhtoay may b^dorrfe seised of Six Acres of Land in the said Fields, called Saint George's Fields, in One.PIot, in Trust: for the Uses arrd Purposes of the said Charity; be it further enacted, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Robert D'trMey p*wer to fX. and Philip Milloway, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs of such Survivor, to exchange, the ?ajd i^VeHcdU other Two Acres of Land, Part of the Six Acres of Land aforesaid, or any Part or Parts of the said Robert D n^-iry

Two Acres of Land, for any other Lands in the said Fields, called Saint George's Fields 9 which lie next and vh>iip Mi»*

and adjoin to the said Four Acres of Land herein before mentioned; and it shall and may be lawful low,y* the

and for any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, or other Trustees whatsoever, to exchange any Lands in the said Fields, called Mjp’

Saint George's Fields, which lie next and adjoin to the said Four Acres of Land herein before mentioned, for all or any Part or Parts of the said Two Acres of Land; and all Exchanges which shall be made of any such Lands shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Law, Statute, Usage of

any o her Matter or Thing, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and £11 Feoffees in Trust* Executors* Administrators,

Husbands, Guardians, and Trustees, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act; and from and after such Exchanges shall be made as aforesaid, all Right of Common of Common of Pasture in, over, and upon* the Lands which shall be so taken m Exchange by the said Robert Dingley and Philip Milloway, of the Survivor of them, or the Heirs of such Survivor, shall cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished; and from thenceforth all Right of Common or Common of Pasture which can or may be claimed by the said Robert Dingley and Philip Milloway, their Heirs or Assigns, or any of them* or any Person or Persons whatsoever, in, over, or upon, any other Part or Parts of the said Fields, called Saint George's Firlds, by virtue of any Right or Title to the Lands which shall be so taken in Exchange by the said Robert Dingley and Philip Milloway, the Survivor of them, or the Heirs of such Survivor, shall cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to impower the said Governors, or their Successors, to crest any Building within No BulMlnt t* Ten Feet of any of the Roads which shall, in pursuance of an Act passed in this present Session of Par- hcer‘^cd w‘'1 *° liament, be made from the South End of the Bridge at Black Friars in the City of Lomd.n or to do any other Matter or Thing to the Prejudice or Interruption of the said Roads. f,nm th‘c si.wih

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall be brought or Suit commenced ngninft any Er>J of Bi*ic Person or Persons for any thing^ done in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to the Premises, or any Fri*r# Bridge, of them, every such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought within Six Months next act,.*r the Fast done, Liiriiation of and shall be laid or brought in the Counties of Middkfx or Surrey, and not elfc/. here; and the Defen- Adlun* dant or Defendants in such Action may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and ths Special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in Pursuance and GfQCf#l "* by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be brought within the Time before limited, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict (pall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be piven

2 against

600 C. 31, 32. Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the said Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall Treble Cells, have such Remedy for recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs in other Cases by Law.

FoUkk AcU

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be taken and allowed in all Courts as a Publick Act; and all Judges and Justices are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such without foccially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the High Streets and Lanes in the Parish of Saint Nicholas within the City of Rochester and Parish of Strood, in the County of Kent-, and for making a Road through Star Lane, across certain Fields adjoining thereto, to Chatham Hill in the said County.

preamble# \WHEREAS the High Streets and Lanes in the Parish of Saint Nicholas within the City of Rochejttr and Parish of Strood in the County of Ktnt, are very ill paved and cleansed, and are not lighted and watched: And whereas the present Methods prescribed by Law for paving and cleansing the said Streets and Lanes are infufKcient for those Purposes; and if Power was given to new pave and regulate the same Streets and Lanes, and to preserve and maintain the Pavements thereof for the future, and to cleanse, light, and watch the same, and to remove all Obstructions, Projections, Nuisances, apd Annoyances therein, and to prevent the same for the future, and to make a Road through Star Lane, across the Fields and Grounds there leading to Chatham Hill, it would tend greatly to the Safety and Advantage of the respective Inhabitants of the said Parishes, and be of publick Utility: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and* be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-Tmftec* Names.ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Mayor, Recorder, and Justices of the Peac e of the City of Rochester, the Members of Parliament for the said City, the Dean, Vice Dean, and Archdeacon, of the Cathedral Church of Rochester, the Wardens of the New Bridge at Rochester, the Tov/n Clerk for the Time being, the Knights of the Shire for the County of Kent, the Members of Parliament for the City of Canterbury and Boroughs of Maidjhne and ^neenborough and for the Cinque Ports for the Time being, the Right Honourable Frederick North, commonly callcJ Lord North; the Right Honourable George Sackvilte, commonly called Lord George Saciville; the Honourable Charles Marsham, the Honourable Henry Roper, the Honourable John Roper, the Honourable Stephen Fox, the Honourable Thomas T'ownjhcnd junior, Sir Edward Deering, Sir Charles Fartiahy, Sir Brooke Bridges, Sir Philip Bcteler, Sir William Fagg, Sir Char la Style, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Sir John Honeywood, Sir Thomas Py?n Hales, Sir Roger Tityjden. Sir John Filmcr, Sir John Dyke, Sir George Oxcnden, Sir Narborough Daeth, Baronets; Sir Charles Frederick, Sir Piercy Brett, Knights of the Bath; Sir Thomas Ryder, Sir George Kelly, Sir Charles Whitworth, Knights; John Amhtrjl, Th mas Ayres, Nicholas Alehin, Join Alexander of Strood, Robert Alexander of Strood, Charles Arnold, '/ofph Brooke, JJcn Bayrard, James Bejl, J.m s Bailee, Richard Bogbuijt, John Boghurst, Thomas Bi ker, // / liam Batehellor, John Batten, Francis Brooke, Thomas ^Bejl, John Bugden, Edward Bclch'ur, Charles Be cth, P.nlip Bogina ft, J mes Brooke, John Bowes, John Calcraft, Thomas Cradoek, Al. D. Robert Cart, Richard Chicbelcy, William Criper, Thomas ChiPinch, Robert

~ ' ~ ' " 1 ' * - 77/-

1 ard Thomas

Hatiway, William Henley, tViliam ThighJon, Thomas Harvey, T.enynnin Hubble, Bonham Haves, Richard Hayes, George Holmes, John Harrison, William Horne fenio., William Horne junior, Harry Hills, Tina:as

gale, Samuel Nicolson, John Norris,

Nichols, John Oidham, Henry Cxenien, J hn P unptree.

J Jon Pardon, Edward Pilcher, John Page, Co cb PcjcSt Clerk, J. mss Page, John Pa foils, Rician! Por-d'lge senior, William Pcmb'c, William Painter, John Prosy, William Pet,

etmaa, IF: Ilia m Penn, iVi IHam Reed,

John Roberts, Richard Reeve junior, I Vi ilium Reed of Grave fend, John S w! ridge, Henry Smith, the Vicars of the Parishes of Saint Nicholas and Strood for the Time k in *, H ns Slo ne, Thomas Smith, da les Shermuii, John Souther den, Francis Starke, Thomas Stevens, Huh am Spier, Richard Sava ye, James Shank, Robert Salmon, John Smith of Lodge Hill, John Spice, John Snutt, William Stalls, Wiliam Stivers, James*

3

A.D. 1769 Anno nono Georgii III. c. 32. 601

Shank, William Saltonjlall, Francis Taynton Clerk, Thomas Taylor of St rood, William Twopenny, Roger Twyfden, William Temp eft, William Tadman, George Taylor, Peter Wade, Eafon Willis, Robert Wilkius,

John Wetheridge, ^<74* Wildash, "James Whatman, Thomas Witherden; Benjamin Waterhouse Clerk, and thcjr Successors (to be elected in Manner herein after mentioned) are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution; and in case of the Death of any of the above named Commissioners, it Commissionert Shall be lawful for the surviving Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, from Time to Time* by|j>,n&> other* Writing under their Hands and Seals, to elect One or more Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or®* c otn# Commissioners, in the Room and Stead of such Commissioner or Commissioners; but Ten Days Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Election shall be given in some publick News Paper Circulated within the said Parishes; and every Person so elected is hereby verted with the same Powers for putting this Act in Execution, as the Person or Persons in whose Place or Places he shall be chosen was. verted with,

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be ca-Qualificiuon* of pable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be in his own Right, or in Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or possessed of or intitled to a Personal Estate of One thousand Pounds; znd if any Person not being 10 qualified, shall presume to act, every such Person shall, forrcnaIty on a^-every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for JJJ.*1* not the same; to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the

Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager at Law, or more than

One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and every Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, on Proof given of his* having acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners or any Nine or TW and Place

more of them, shall meet together at the King's Head Inn in the said City of Rochester, on the Third Monday

after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Two in the Meclin*' Afternoon; and afterwards at such Time and Place as shall be appointed for that Purpose, as often as it

shall be necessary for putting this Act in Execution; and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of

them present at such Meeting, such major Part not being less than Nine, shall then and there, and from Time to Time, ascertain and set down in Writing the Monies they shall adjudge necessary to be borrowed

for new paving the said Streets and Lanes, or making the Road aforesaid, or either of them; and that no

Order or Direction for borrowing Money for such Purpose shall be made or given otherwise than at such

Meeting; 2nd that the said Commissioners shall and may from Time to Time afterwards adjourn them-

fclvers, and meet at such Place within either of the said rarishes, as they fli.ill think proper and convex

nient, for nutting this Act in Execution: And if at any Meeting appointed to be held by virtue of this r-i Default of*

Ad there mall not appear a proper Number of Commissioners to act and to adjourn to another Day, or^m Kum-

in case the Commissioners so aiTembled shall omit or neglect to adjourn themselves; then, and in such hJT 10

Case, the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall, by Notice in Writing to be given at Jcart Ten Days be-

fore the next Meeting, or, in case of the Death of the said Clerk before such Notice given, then any Two another Meeting

Commissioners shall and may, by such Written Notice, appoint the said Commissioners to meet at the

FJace where the lart Meeting was held, within Fourteen Days next following; and that all Orders and

Determinations of the said Commissioners, in Execution of this Act (except as herein after excepted) x0 Order, fee. t#-

shall be at Meetings held in pursuance of this Act, and not otherwise; and no such Order or Detcrini-be n:.vie In'cr

nation shall be made unless the maior Part of the Commissioners shall concur therein, such major Part M»iontyofc«m.

not being a less Number than the Number by this Act authorised to make such Order and Determination; ther-iil*

nor shall any Commissioner be capable of acting in the Execution of this Act during the Time lie shall hold any Office under, or have any Share or Interest in, any Contraft relating to the Execution of any

of the rowers of this Act. ' interred.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Ninecommwrionfra or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they, or any Nine or more of them, shall appoint or con-nny opmaRnii tract with for that Purpose, as herein after mentioned, shall be and are hereby authorised and empowered' Srar L"n* to open, make, and keep in Repair, a Road through and from Star Lem in the City of Rcchrfter af oresaid,10 Ch-thamHl across the Fields and Grounds leading to Chatham Hill in the said County, to the Turnpike Road on

y Chatham Hill aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Road shall be designed, laid out, Roa.i toc* and made, in as convenient a Line as may be; and that the Ground to be purchase 1 in such Manner as‘*4 Feet m J herein after is directed for making and opening the said Road, shall not exceed Sixty Feet in Width ;Wldsh>.

Light Feet whereof on one Side shall be a Path for Foot Passengers. and the Remainder of such Ground

shall be used for Wheel Carriages, and for fencing the said Road-in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall order and direct.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners or any Nine or Conijr,5fl-nj, eff more of them, shall and may, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, at their First or fubfupiciit Me t-

ing, giving Fourteen Days Notice thereof after the First Meeting in some Publick News Paper, appoint oJice./j One or more Clerk or Clerks, and Treasurer or Treasurers, and Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, of the Rates of Assessments and Tolls by this A 3 granted* Surveyor or Surveyors, and such

602 C. *? 2.

Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

other Officer or Officers, for the Execution of this Act, as they the said Commissioners, or any Nine or «n^rfmoverhcnn, jjiore of them, shall think proper; and, from Time to Time, to remove him or them, and appoint ^rbc.found others, as they shall find necessary or convenient; and by and out of the Monies to be raised by virtue and allow*them this Act, may, and they are hereby impowered to appoint and pay such Salaries and Allowances to such reasonable Sala- Officers, and to all other persons by them the said Commissioners employed in the Execution of this Act, rics 5 as they shall think reasonable; and the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall and may

and they are to take such Security for the due Execution of such respective Offices by such Person and Persons as aforesaid

rKm CU ,ty0f as Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall think proper: And such Person or Persons

Rates to be paid as is or are hereby made liable to pay the several Rates or Sums of Money hereby granted shall pay the to the Collegers, fame to such Person or Persons as shall, from Time to Time, be so appointed to collect and receive the officers to ac- fame, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act: And all such Officers and Persons so to be count upon Oath; appointed as aforesaid shall, under their Hands, at such Time and Times, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall direct, deliver to such Commissioners, or such Person or Persons, as they, or any Nine or more of them, shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of

all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act; and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Officer or Officers, and Person or Persons respectively, received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof have been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments; and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands to the Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they mall appoint; and all the said Officers and Persons so accounting as aforesaid shall, upon Oath, if thereunto required (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any One or more of them, are hereby inland onRefufal so powered and required to administer) verify their f id Accounts: And if any such Officer or Person shall not to do j or to iic- make and render, or shall refuse to verify on Oath, any such Account, or to produce or deliver up the liver up a«y Pa- Vouchers relating to the same, or to make Payment as aforesaid; or shall not deliver to the said Commis-Handfmay leC r^loners’ or any Nine or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Ten Days sued. 7 ’ after being thereunto required by any Nine or more of such Commissioners, all hooks, Papers, and Writ-

ings, in his Custodyor Power relating to the Execution of this Act; or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies as, upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts, shall appear to be in their respective Hands, to the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, or as they shall direct or appoint; then, and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, may, and are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions in the Names of such Commissioners, or in the Name or Names of any Two or more of them, against the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refufingas aforesaid, in order for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; or, if Complaint shall be made by the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons* so neglecting or refusing, shall be and reside; such Justices shall and may, and are hereby authorised and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing, to be brought before them, and if upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony oi any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justices are hereby impowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward) it shall appear to such Justices that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justices may and are hereby impowered and required, upon Nonpayment thereof, by virtue of a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers*. Person or Persons, respectively: And if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale; then, and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Justices shall commit every such Offender to* the House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Commissioners or any Nine or more of them, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, are hereby impowefed to make) and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction, in respect thereof to the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them,

VII. Provided always, That as often as any Collector or Receiver of the Monies to be raised by virtue: of this Act shall die or be incapable of performing his Duty, it shall be lawful for any Nine or more of the said Commissioners, though not assembled at any Meeting pursuant to this Act, by any Wri ing under their Hands, to appoint another Person to collect such Monies, and such Person shall continue to collect the same until the Commissioners shall, at a Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, appoint Collector or Receiver of such Monies; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be employed as a Clerk, Treasurer*

Complaint to be made to Jjft.ccs,

Balance may be let ltd determined by Ditlrels and Sale.

For want of

P Aid's, the Oner.cer to be committed,

until Payment or Composition nude.

Commissioners may appoint Othcers though not at a Publick. Meeting.

Officers taking

any Reward other Golleftor, Receiver, or Surveyor, or any other Officer or Servant who shall be anyways employed by rie^11 orb-in^ia Commissioners in putting this Act, or any of the Powers thereof, in Execution, shall exact, take, in anyU or accept, any I. ee or Reward whatsoever, other than such Salaries, Allowances, and Rewards, as shall be

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 3*. 603

be appointed, allowed, and approved of, by the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, for Bargain nr: wie by

or on account of any Thing- to be done by virtue of this Act, or on any Account whatsoever relative

the putting this Act in Execution, or shall any ways be concerned, in Interest, in any Bargain or

tract made, or to be made, by the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, for the Purposes fcit 100 1*

of putting this Act in Execution; every such Person so offending shall be incanable of ever serving or

being employed under this Act, and shall, over and above, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds to

any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in

any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, within Six Calendar Months after the Offence committed; in which said Suit, no Essoin, Protection, or Wager 6f Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be

allowed.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, ^t any Penalty on in.' Time or Times, obstruct, hinder, or molest, any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers, terruptingV/ork-Workman, Person or Persons whatsoever, who is or shall be employed by virtue of this Act, in the Per- men*&c* formance or Execution of their Duty; every such Person so offending shall, for the First Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings, for the Second Offence, the Sum of Forty Shillings, and for every other Offence, the Sum of Three Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Nine Strrets to p*-or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, from Time to Time, to order and direct the said tinned Streets and Lanes, and so much of the adjoining Pavements as may be necessary properly to determine the Jn ,£U fame, or any of them, to be taken up and re-paved, raised, sunk, or altered, and also to cause, order, and

direct the said Streets and Lanes to be cleansed, lighted, and watched, when, and in such Manner, and with such Materials, as they shall think fit.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Nine or Materials m»r more of them, shall have full Power and Authority to cause to be dug, carted, and carried out of or brought be dug our or into the said Streets and Lancs, such Gravel, Stones, and other Materials, and to employ such Artificers, brought into the Workmen, and Labourers, Carters, and others, as well Freemen as Non-freemen of the said City, as Strcers*

they shall think fit; and to issue such Money on those Accounts, and to do all and every other Acts and Things as the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall judge necessary or conducive to the accomplishing of the Ends and Designs of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, may, and ConjmJ^on*rs are hereby im powered from Time to Time, at any of their said Meetings, as Occasions shall require, to tTaYuTorpavU* contract with any Person or Persons for paving and keeping in Repair the said Streets and Lanes, and for&c# F cleansing and lighting the same, and for making and keeping in Repair the said Road through StarLane to

Chatham Hill aforesaid; which Contrail or Contrails shall f pecify the several Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the same, and the Time or Times when the said Works shall be compleated, and the Penal ties to be suffered, in case of Non-performance thereof, and shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, and by the Person or Persons contrailing to perform such Works; but previous to the making any such Contrail, Fourteen Days Notice shall be given in some Publick News Paper as aforesaid, expressing the Intention of such intended Contrail, in order that any Person willing to undertake the same may make Proposals for that Purpose, to be prefen ted to the said Commissioners at a certain Time and Place in each Notice to be mentioned.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That after the Expiration of Twelve Calendar Months next after On Complaint of the passing of this Act, if any Two Housekeepers within the said Parishes, or either of them, shall make j?~,<rkpper8' Complaint, in Writing under their Hands, to the said Commissioners at any Meeting, or to their Sur-*® veyor, of any Defeil or Want of Repair in any of the Pavements of any of the said Streets or Lanes, either paircjf before or after the same shall have been newpaved or repaired by virtue of this Act, then, and in every such case, the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, or their Surveyor, shall forthwith inspect the Pavement so complained of 5 and if the same shall be by them or him found defective, and so reported to be to the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, at any of their Meetings for putting this Act in Execution, they the faifl Commissioners shall fbrthwith give Orders to their Contractor or Contractors, Pavior or Paviors, to repair the same; and if the Contractor or Contractors, Pavior or Paviors of the said Commissioners, to whom such Orders shall be given, shall not, within Six Days next after the Receipt thereof, repair the said defective Pavement; then, and in every such Case, the said Contractor or Contractors, Pavior or Paviors, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Day that the said defeilive Pavement shall remain unrepaired after the Expiration of the said Six Days.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Nine Watchmen toke] or more of them, shall and may, from Time to Time, as to them shall seem most fit, and they are hereby ai pointed, authorised and required to order and establish such and so many honest and able-bodied Watchmen as they shall jud^e necessary and proper to be kept and employed in the said Streets and Lanes, and bell qualified, for that Service; and shall likewise order and direct, in Writing, how, where, and in what Manner, they shall be stationed and armed, how often they shall go their Rounds, how long they shall continue on Duty, and under what Allowance or Wages for their Attendance; and shall and may also erect, hire, or otherwise provide, a proper Place or Places for the Reception of the Watchmen; and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, to remove them, or any of them, on Misbehaviour or Neglect of Duty, and to impose any Fine or Sum of Money, not exceeding Five

604. C. 32. Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

Shillings, for every Neglect or Miftehaviour j such Fine to be defalked out of each One’s Wages or

Allowance.

Watchnren to

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said

w-haul Male- Watchmen, or any of them, and they are hereby respectively authorised and required, during the Time of faftoi*. their keeping Watch and Ward, to apprehend and secure in the Watch-hoi,r~, or some Place of Safety,

all such Maiefaftors, Disturbers of the King’s Peace, and all such suspected Persons who shall be found wandering or mi(bchaving themselves and to carry the Person or Persons (as soon as conveniently maybe]

, be fore some Justice of the Peace within or for the said City of Rochester or County of Kent, to be examined / and dealt with according to Law.

Property of a’l

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the Property of the Pavement^ Maicruis vestrd which» at the Time of passing this Act, or at any Time or Times thereafter, shall be within the High mrnin-Streets and Lanes of the said respective PaFifhes, and of all Lamps, Iron, Timber, Furniture, Watcn-h'nifes. Turnpikes, Toll-houses, and of all other Materials and Things which shall be provided or made use of for the Purposes of this Act, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Commissioners for the Time being; and thsy, or any Nine or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, in the Name or Names of any One or more of them, or to prefer and order and direct the preferring of Indictments, against any Person or Persons who shall steal, lake, or carry away the same, or any Part of such Materials or Things, or disturb them ki the Possession fenalry ©n steal-thereof: And that if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, throw down, or otherwise damage, any the M^TijKg- {be Lamps which shall be erected by the said Commissioners, or any of the Posts, Irons, or other on ^urniture thereof, or extinguish any of the said Lamps when lighted, it shall and may be lawful to and

or c<ttngu, sting for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City or County, and he and they is and

Lamps. are hereby required, upon Oath made of the Commission of any such Offence (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby required and impowered to administer to any Person or Persons offering to

Prrft>nsf.eingfl.e niake such Oath) to issue a Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Party or Parties accused; or it Offence comn.it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever who shall fee such Offence committed, to apprehend* > «»*} ^ppre- as also for any other Person or Persons to assist in apprehending, the Offender or Offenders, and by Au-

tender-hC of* ^or*cY this Act, and without any Warrant, to convey him, her, or them, or to deliver him, her, or and carry hjmbe-foem* into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the justice. Peace for the said City or County, to be dealt with as herein after is directed; and the Party or Parties accused, being brought before any such Justice, or Oath being made before him that such Party or Parties cannot be apprehended, (which Oath the said Justice is hereby also impowered and required to administer) such Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses, who shall appear or be produced to give Information, touching such Offence; and if the Party or Parties accused shall be, convicted of such Offence, either by his, or their own Confession, or upon such Information as aforesaid,

‘ The forfeitures. cvcrY Person so convicted shall for the First Offence respectively forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings for each Lamp so broken, thrown down, damaged, or extinguished as aforesaid; and for the Second Offence the Sum of Fifteen Shillings j and for the hird and every subsequent Offence the Sum of Twenty Shillings; and full Satisfaction shall also be made to the said Commissioners, or to their Surveyor, by such Offender Nonpayment Pr Offenders, fortne Damage foby him, her* or them, done as aforesaid; and in case such Offender or thereof; the Offenders shall not upon Conviction pay such Forfeiture by him, her, or them incurred, and make such Offender to kc Satisfaction as aforesaid, the Justice before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted is hereby committed, required to commit him, her, or them, to the House of Correction for the said City or County, there to

be kept to bard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months; and such Offender or Offenders shall not be charged before the Expiration of the Time for which he, she, or they shall be committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given; and One Moiety of Ap Hca‘l«n of respective Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other

the Forfeiture*. Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act: And if any Person shall negligently or accidentally rcrfortnegiigent-break, throw down, or otherwise damage any of the said Lamps, or any of the Posts, Irons, or other )y breaking, or Furniture thereof, and shall not upon Demand make Satisfaction to the said Commissioners, or any Nine thmLaing»anhow0r more of fhern, or to their Surveyor, for the Damage by such Person done as aforesaid; it shall belaw-*obc ^it^r ful for any Justice of the Peace for the said City or County, and he is hereby required, upon Complaint

to be made by any Two or more of the said Commissioners, or by their Surveyor, to summon the Par-

ty complained of; and upon his or her Appearance, or making Default to appear (Oath being made that the Party complained of was served with such Summons, or that the same was left at his or her Dwelling-house or Place of Abode, if known, or that he or she could not be found) such Justice shall proceed to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and on Proof thereof, either by Confession of the Party complained of, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Justice is hereby impowered and required to administer) shall award and order such Satisfaction to be made by the Party complained of, for the Damage so by him or her done, as to such Justice shall ap-Pamage to bcle-P2ar 3U^ an^ reasonable; and shall cause the Sum so awarded (in case the same be not paid forthwith up-vied by DUirefs on the making such Award or Order) to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and art Sale, fee. Chattels, rendering to him or her the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, after the Charges of prosecuting such Complaint and of such Distress and Sale shall be deducted; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, such Ju&ctshall commie the Party complained of to the Common Gaol or House of

Correction

2

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. 32. 605

Correction for the said City or County, until he or she shall pay the Sum so awarded, or for any Time not exceeding the Space of One Calendar Month.

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, Com^j^ner* or any Nine or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, from Time to Time, to fell M^e/Lis 'and and dispose of all or any Part of the old Pavements or other Materials to such Person or Persons m\y thCMo-as shall be willing to purchase the same, and apply the Purchase-money to the Purposes of this Act. ney, &c.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall makeNo Aitcrat;on to

or cause to be made any Alteration in the Form of any of the Pavements of the said Streets or Lanes, be made in the or any Part thereof; or take up or put down any Water-pipe or Plug, without the Consent of the saidF ^m of the Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, or of their Surveyor or Clerk; and in case any such °J

Pavement shall be taken up for amending or altering any Water-pipe or Plug, the same shall be laid without down and repaired under the Infoedion of such Surveyor or Clerk, and the Charges and Expences PavementVuken thereof shall be paid by the said Commissioners, and they shall be reimbursed by the Person or Persons up for amending who shall take up, or cause or procure to betaken up, the said Pavement, or any Part thereof; and in

case the same Pavement, or any Part thereof, shall be altered in Form aforesaid, without such Consent as J^onof the aforesaid, the Party or Parties so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds, survc>or° over and above all Expences incurred or to be incurred in reinstating the same; and in case any Person or Penalty on aher-Persons so procuring such Pipes to be taken up or put down, shall not pay the Charges and Expences of«^ the Form of paving the same Streets, that the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, are hereby authoris- Pavement* ed and impowered to bring or cause to be brought any Actiomor Actions, in the Name of their Clerk for&c* the Time being, for the Recovery of such Sum or Sums of Money so disbursed or forfeited, by Action of Debt or on the Case, as to the said Commissioners shall seem meet.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and forcourfcof Got-the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, from Time to Time, to direct and cause theto be turned, Co jrfeof any Gutter or Channel of or in the said Streets or Lane*, or either of them, to be turned or a"d Crale* ait6r* altered, and the Water-pipes which now lie or hereafter shall be laid under Ground, to be taken up, andc

Co be raised or sunk; and also to make such Shores, Drains, Gutters, and Watercourses, as shall be necessary, and from Time to Time to open, repair, cleanse, and alter the same, in such Places, Manner, and Form, as they shall think proper; and to direct the Grates already placed, or hereafter to be placed, to be removed and replaced, in such Manner, and at such Place or Places as they shall think most proper; the same to be done from Time to Time by and out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act., Penalfyondriving

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall wheelbarrow?,

run, drive, draw, or cause to be run, driven, or drawn, on any Part of the Foot Pavements of theon the Foot said Streets or Lancs, any Wheel or Sledge,* Wheelbarrow or any o:hcr Carriage whatsoever; or shall Ii^TngT'mhYr drag any Timber, or any Sort of Materials, over the Carriage Way or Ways, in the said Streets o PlovertheCar-Lanes, such Person or Persons shall forfeit the Sum of Ten shillings for each Offence. rhge Wayi.

VI. Provided a! ways, and be it further ennded by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and mayHudi, &c. may be lawful for any Person or Persons to ered or set up, or cause to be erected or set up, in the said bcmadc^>,.hu,d' Streets or Lanes, any Inclosure, Ports, Bars, or Rails, or other Matters or Things, for the Purpose making Mortar, or denofiting Bricks, Lime, or other Materials, for building or repairing of Houses,

Buildings, or other Works, during the Time of such building or repairing; every such Person first obtaining Leave under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, or their Surveyor Tor the Time being, for those Purposes respectively: And if any Person or Persons shall cred and set up, or cause to be erected and set up, any such Inclosures, or any other Matter as aforesaid, for the Purposes aforesaid, without such Leave as aforesaid; every such Person for every such Offence, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One Shilling for every Hour that such Inclosure, Matter, or Thing as aforesaid, shall remain and continue.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for To fink or d* the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, to cause to be dug and sunk in such Place and new Wc,ls* Places in the said Streets and Lanes, any Well or Wells; and also to ered any Pump or Pumps on now Tam]!* or near the same; and also to remove or alter any Pump now Handing, for the Purpose of water- ° ing or widening the said Streets and Lanes, as the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall direct.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or anysigns, &c. tebt Nine or more of them, shall eause all Signs which now are, or at any Time hereafter shall be placed orrcguUted. hung in any Part or Parts of the said Streets and Lancs, to be fixed or placed on the Fronts of such Houfs respectively where to the same shall belong; and also shall and may cause all Sign Irons, Ports,

Boards, Gutters, Penthouses, Porches, or other Things occasioning any Obrtrudion, Projection, or Annoyance, in the said Streets and Lancs, to be removed or altered in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall think mort proper and convenient; and that for the future all Signs, Boards, Spouts, and Gutters, shall be placed or fixed on the Fronts of the Houses or

Buildings whereunto they respectively belong, and not otherwise; and if any Person or Persons shall at any Time hereafter hang, place, ered, cr build, any Sign, Sign Port, or Iron, Board, Penthouse,

Porch, Spout, or Gutter, or cause the same to be done in any other Manner than as aforesaid, or shall

606 C. 32.

Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

Rates.

in any Manner occasion any Incroachment or Annoyance in the said Streets or Lanes; every such Person mail, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for each Day’s Continuance

thereof.

Owners miv re-

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons m vethm Sign?, {haji i)C minded or desirous, at his or their own Expence, Cost, and Charge, to remove or alter any lx ;"heircw" such Sign, Sign Iron, Post, Board, Gutter, Spout, Penthouse, Porch, or other Thing, occasioning any xper.ee. Obstruction, Projection, or Annoyance, in the said Streets and Lanes as before directed, that then, and in such Case, all Materials unused after the Alterations thereto made, shall be the Property of the Person or Persons so making or doing thereof; but if the same Alterations, or any Part thereof, shall be made or done at the Expence of the said Commissioners, then if any or any Part of any such Sign, Sign Iron, Post, Board, Gutter, Spout, Penthouse, or Porch, shall remain unused after the Alteration made thereto as before directed, the same shall be the Property of, and is hereby vested in, the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act.

Houses, Sec. to

XXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Houses and Buildings hereafter to be rife perpendieu- built or new fronted in the said Streets of Lanes, or either of them, shall, for the effectual and absolute Jarh when new Prevention of all Manner of Projections, Annoyances, and Inconveniencies thereby, rife perpendicularly tWedr nCW ^roiTl Foundation; and if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times hereafter presume to

r°iKe build or new front, or cause the same to be done, or rife otherwise than perpendicularly from such Foun-

dation, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, under their Hands and Seals, to cause the same to be pulled down and removed by any Person, Workmen, or Persons they shall think fit; the Costs and Charges whereof shall be paid and reimbursed to the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, or their Order, by the Owner or Owners of such Houses or Buildings, Person or Persons, ordering or directing the same.

Contracts be-

XXVI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed or taken to make void any tween Landlords Contraft, Covenant, or Agreement, between Landlord and Tenant, touching or concerning the paving vacated"11^8 nt fa‘d Streets and Lanes, or the keeping in Repair of such Pavement.

XXVII. And, for defraying the Charges and Expences of effecting the several Purposes of this Act, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Pafling of this Act, One Rate or Assessment shall be made, laid, and assess'ed, by the said Commissioners, or any Fifteen or more of them, Once in every Year, of and upon all and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, or occupy, any Houses or Tenements whatsoever within the said Par idles respectively; so as such Rate or Assessment, in respect of the Tenements within the said Parish of Saint Nicholas, shall not exceed in the Whole the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound, according to the Rate made for the Relief of the Poor of the same Parish of Saint Nicholas; nor more than Nine-pence in the Pound on Houses and Buildings in the same Parish of Strood, according to the Rate made for the Relief of the Poor there, in Consideration of their large Proportion of Statute-work; the same Rate or Assessment respectively to be collected and paid in each respective Parish in the Month of October in every Year: And that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, or any Person or Persons by them authorised under their Hands, to inspect arfd take Copies or Extracts out of the Book or Books wherein such Poor’s Rate or Rates are respectivelyjmade or entered, which the Overseer or Overseers, or other Person or Persons having the Custody thereof respectively, is hereby required, on producing such Order as aforesaid, to permit and suffer to be made without Fee or Reward; and on Refusal thereof by the Overseer or Overseers of the respective Parishes aforesaid, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, he or they so refusing shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds for each such Offence, to be recovered by the said Commissioners, or any One or more of them, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record; in which said Suit no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Two Third Parts of the respective Assessments aforesaid is and are hereby required to be allowed by the Landlord or Landlords to the Tenant or Tenants who shall pay the same; and such Payments to be in Law considered as Money actually paid for Rent due, or to become due, to such Landlord or Landlords of the same Estates respectively; and the other T hird Part thereof to be borne and sustained by the Tenant or Tenants of such Estate or Estates.

XXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Part or Parts of the Pavements of the said Streets or Lanes, or any Part thereof, have or hath been accustomed or ought to be paved and repaired by any particular Parish or Parishes, Bodies Politic or Corporate, and not by the Owners or Occupiers of the Houses or Buildings adjoining to such Pavement; the same shall be paved, repaired,

nlTLin- amended, at the Expence of the respective Parish or Parishes, Bodies Politick or Corporate, by the Ravior or Paviors, or other Person or Persons, contracting with or employed by the said Commissioners; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, from Time

to Time, to compound and agree with the Parish or Parishes, Bodies Politic or Corporate as aforesaid,

for a certain Sum of Money by the Foot, or other Measure, as the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall think reasonable.

Tenants quitting

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons who

Houses, alter have or hath been rated and assessed by virtue of this Act shall neglect or refuse to pay such Rate or Af-

Rates trade, lia- feflhnent when due, or shall quit his, her, or their Dwelling-house, or other Lajids and Tenements, where-

bic to pay, &c., k Upon

Rates apportioned.

Pavement or Road liable to be repaiiei by Pamh, Sec. to be

the Comm er? or their Pa-viois.

A.D. 1769'. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 32. 607

upon such Rate or Assesskient has been made, before he, she, or they, shall have paid the same, and shall afterwards neglect or refuse to pay the same when due; that then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, and every or any of them, having first demanded such Rate or Assessment determined by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any One or more Justices of the Peace acting in or for the said City of Roche/lery or County of Kmty (which Warrant the said Justice or Justices are hereby required to grant; and such Warrant, in case the Party liable to pay such Rate or Assessment shall be then removed out of the said City of Rochester and Parish of Strood aforesaid, being" indorsed by some Magistrate in the County, City, or Liberty, where the Distress i$ to be made) to distrain the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, and the same to fell, rendering the Overplus (if any such shall be) after deducing the reasonable Charges and Expences of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels demanding the same.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons paying the Rates and Assessments persons paying by this Act! laid within the said Parishes respectively: shall be, and they and every of them is and areth s Rate cx-hereby exempted and discharged from all other Payments and Penalties whatsoever which may or can becmPccd* incurred by reason or means of their neglecting to pave, cleanse, light, or watch the same respectively; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or such Commissioners Person or Persons as they, or any Fifteen or more of them, shall appoint, shall and may ered, or cause t0Toil" to be erected One Gate or Turnpike at the End of the new Road next to or near the Turnpike GatesacSj now fixed on Chatham Hill, and another Gate at or near the Angel Inn in Strood, and no other Gate or Gates whatsoever in or upon the said Streets or Roads, or any of them; and also a Toll-house to each Gate or Turpike, with suitable Out-buildings thereto, as the said Commissioners, or any Fifteen or more of them, shall direct or appoint; and shall demand, receive, and take, at each of the said Toll-gates and tajte T0ut# or Turnpikes the Tolls following, before any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage whatsoever, shall be permitted to pass through the same; that is to say,

For every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Chaise, Chair, Calash, or other Carriage, drawn by Six Horses, or The Tolls* other Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling.

For every Coach or Carriage as aforesaid, or other Carriages not used in Husbandry, drawn by Four Horses, or other Cattle, the Sum of Eight-pence.

For every Coach, Chaise, Berlin, Chariot, or other Carriage, not used in Husbandry, drawn by Two Horses, or other Cattle, the Sum of Six-pence.

For every Waggon, Cart, Wain, or other Carriage, used in Husbandry, drawn by Four Horses, or other Cattle, the Sum of Six-pence $ and if drawn by Three or Two Horses, or other Cattle, the Sum of Four-pence.

For every Chaise, or other Carriage whatsoever, drawn by One Horse, the Sum of Two-pence.

And for every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Ass, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny.

w

Which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in the Name of and for a Street

Toll, over and above and exclusive of all other Tolls which are or shall be authorised to be taken and

collected by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now subsisting for repairing the Roads; and the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, are hereby impowered by themselves, or by any Person or Persons by them, or any Nine or more of them, thereunto authorised at any Meeting, to levy the

Toll hereby required to be paid upon any Person or Persons who shall, after Demand thereof made, ne-

gled or refuse to pay the same as aforesaid, or to deny or hinder any Passage through any of tae said

Turnpikes until Payment thereof; which said Toll shall and may be levied by Distress of any Horse Tolls maybe"’

or Horses, or other Cattle, upon which the Toll is by this Act imposed, or upon any of the Goods and, evitdb.v Distrcf*

Chattels of such Person or Persons who ought to pay the same; and all such Horses, Cattle, or Goods and Sulc*

may be detained until such Toll, with the reasonable Charges of such Distress, shall be paid; and it

shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so distraining, after the Space of Five Days after such Distress may

made or taken, to fell the Horse or Horses, Cattle, Goods, or Chattels so distrained, rendering to the^dsafter Flve

Owner or Owners thereof the Overplus, upon Demand, after Satisf.rdion of the said Toll, and the rea- avs*

fpnable Charges in making such Distress, Keeping, and Sale, shall be fully paid and fa: is lied.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall Toll to bepaM be liable to pay the said Street Toll more than Once for passing at any Time or Times on the same Day b jt Once a Day, with the same Cattle and Carriage; but all and every Person and Persons, after having p id (ueh Toll

Once as aforesaid, and who shall return the same Day before Twelve of the Clock at Night, shall pais Toll-free with the same Cattle and Carriage through the Gate or Turnpike at which any such Toll was pai l, upon producing a No e or Ticket denoting the Payment of such Toll; which Notes or Tickets the Collectors of the said Tolls are hereby required to give gratis on Receipt of such Tolls.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Gate or No Td’-gatr to Turnpike shall be erected or set up by virtue of this Act, nor shall any Person be subject to any of the^t up until Rates, Assessments, or Tolls, hereby directed to be raised, aileiieJ, or grained, until the Sum of Four £o1, are lub’

Lhouiandkr;bed-

608 C. 32.

Anno tiono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

Commissioner*

Commissioners may Ieafe chc T oils.

Ex?rrpt:on9 Aioni Toll.

thousand Pounds /hafl have been actually subscribed for the Purposes of this ActJ any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and

m»y iciion the for the said Commissioners, or any Fifteen or more of them, at a Meeting to be called for that Puipost,

loUs. whereof Fourteen Days Notice shall be given in some Public Newspaper, and also fixed on the Turn-

pike-gates aforesaid, from Time to Time, as they shall see Occasion, to lessen and reduce the Tolls^ Rates, and Assessments, by this Act granted, and afterwards ra;fe and augment the same again, so as not to exceed the Sums hereby granted; and such Tolls, Rates, and Assessments, so lessened and reduced, shall and may be collected and levied in such Manner, and applied for such Purposes only, as the Tolls,

Rates, and Assessments hereby granted are directed to be recovered, levied, and applied.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Fifteen or more of them,* at any Meeting, may, and are hereby impowered, upon Fourteen Days Notice being givert in the London Gazette, and in some other publick Newspaper circulated within the said Parimcs, to icafc or farm by the Year the Tolls by this Act granted* or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Per foils, at or for the hrgeft yearly Sums that can be got for the same; provided that such Lettings or Agreements be made in Writing, and signed by the Person or Persons taking or farming any such Tolls, and by the Commissioners that let the same, and be not made for more than Three Year* at a Time; and that the Money that shall be so agreed to be paid for the said Tolls, shall be made payable, and shall be paid to the said Commissioners by Quarterly Payments; and that the Person for Persons to whom the same shall be so let shall always pay down One Quarter’s Payment in Advance: And if any Letting or Agreement for the Lid Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be made, or any Default shall be made in paying the Money agreed to be paid, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, then every such Letting and Agreement shall be void, and the Person or Persons to whom the said Tolls shall be lo let shall be liable to account for the same, and to be levied and recovered upon and of him or them, in the same Manner as is' by this Act directed for the accounting for other Monies by the Collectors or Receivers thereof, and for the levying and recovering the same.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That no Tolls shall be demanded or taken at any Turnpike, erefled by virtue of this Act, for any Carriage laden or carrying Dung, or other Manure used for cultivating Dr manuring of Lands or Grounds; or for any Post-horle or Vessele carrying the Mail or Packet; or for the Horses of any Officers or Soldiers passing on their March, or Carriages carrying their Baggage; or for Carriages travelling with Vagrants or Transports; or for any Carriage fetching Water at or from any Pump or Well placed or to be placed in any of the Streets or Lanes aforesaid; or from any Person on Horseback going to or returning from any Elections for a Knight of the Shire for the said County of Kent, or Citizen for the said City o fRcchester.

XXXVIII. Provided always, That if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any the Exemptions aforesaid, not being intitled to the faruc, such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Offence.

XXXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall forcibly or wilfully go or pass with any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage through any Turnpike whereat any Toll is by virtue of this Act to be paid, without paying such Toll, or producing a Note or Ticket as aforesaid at such Turnpike; pr shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall deliver to, or receive from any other Person or Persons any Note or Ticket, with an Intent to avoid the Payment of any or either of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof; every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings, over and be fid es such Damages and Punishments as they and every of them respectively are liable to by Law; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Receivers and Collectors, and for every of them, and all other Persons by them required to assist in that respect, to seize any Ho le or Horses, Cattle or Goods belonging to, or in the Possession of, or under the Care of any Person or Persons so offending in the Premises, and the same to take before any Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where such Offence or Offences shall be committed, and before him to make Complaint of such Offence or Offences; and such Justice may and is hereby required to inquire into the same, as well by Examination of the Party or Parties as by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered to administer without Fee ot Reward) and if the said Justice shall see Cause, to convict the Party or Parties complained of in the Penalty aforesaid; and for Nonpayment thereof, and of the Tolls that shall be due (although the same shall not be demanded) by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the said Horse or Horses, Cattle, or Goods to be sold for Payment of the said Tolls and Penalties, and the Charges of seizing and keeping the same and of such Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any there shall be) to the Owner or Owners of the said Horse or Horses, Cattle, or Goods, or to the Person or Persons under whose Care, or in whose Possession they respectively were when so seized as aforesaid; and if no such Seizure as aforesaid can or shall be made, then the aforesaid Penalty and Tolls shall be levied and recovered by such Means, and applied in such Manner, as is herein after made and provided for the levying and recovering and Application of Penalties and Forfeitures.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissionters, or any Fif-UDayborrowMo' teen or more of them, at any Meeting, may, and are hereby impowered to borrow, and to take up at Inte-i't) on the Crc rest, any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Rates^ Assessments, and Tolls, payable by

ct the Tolls, virtue of this Act, and to assign over the same, or any Part or Parts thereof, by any Writing or Writ-

ings under their Hands and Seals i the Charges of such Assignments and Conveyances to be paid out

of

Penalty on

inalcing illegal Claims.

Penalty on evad ing the Tolls.

Commissioners

- by

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 32. 609"

of such Rates, Assessments, and Tolls respectively, to any Person or Persons th&t shall advance or lend

their Monies thereon, as a Security or Securities for the several Sums that shall be borrowed, and the Interest thereof, as aforesaid; and Copies of all such Alignments and Conveyances shall be entered in a

Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners; and Assignmentimay

11 and every Person and Persons to whom any such Alignment shall be made as aforesaid, is and are be tianskrrc*.

hereby impowered, from Time to Time, by Assignment under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, to be

inaorfed on the Back of his, her, or their Securities, or by any other Writing or Writings under his

or their Hand or Hands, and Seal or Seals* which shall be executed in the Presence of Two or more

credible Witnesses, to aflien over or transfer his, her, or their Right to the Principal and Interest Money

thereby fectired, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; all which Assignments or Transfers shall be

produced and notified to the said Clerk or Treasurer within Thirty Days after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry to be made of such Assignment, containing the Date, Names of the Parties, and

Sums of Money therein mentioned to be assigned and transferred, in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the said Original Assignments, and which said Book or Books shall and may, at all seasonable Times, be perused and inspected without any Fee or Reward; and after such Entry made, such Assignment or Transfer shall intitle such Assignee, his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns to the Benefit thereof* and the Payment thereon, and such Assignee may in like Manner assign and transfer again, and so toties quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person who shall have made such Alignment or Transfer, to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any Monies thereon due.

XLI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That after the First Meeting no Money shall be borrowed Notice to be gi-upon the Credit of this Act, unless Fourteen Days Notice shall be given in some publick News Paper, ven of borrowing and also fixed upon the said Turnpike Gates, specifying the Time and Place of the Meeting of the said Mun t'* Commissioners for that Purpose, and the Sum and Sums of Money to be from Time to Time borrowed thereon.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Preference shall be given to any Person or Persons advancing any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of this Act, in r'efpe# of the ah CreHitorc t® Priority of advancing such Sum or Sums; but that all Persons to whom any Mortgages or Assignments be deemed equal shall be made as aforesaid, shall, in proportion to the Sum or Sums therein mentioned, be Creditors in equal Degree one with another.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies raised or col!e#ed by Monies raifrd, virtue of this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Commissioners, and the same shall vested in the be applied for the Purposes of this Act, and to or for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever. CorrmUTioncrg

XLIV. Provided always* and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Charges and rthil F.xpences of procuring and passing this Act, shall be paid out of the First Monies which shall be raised chj^ of pair-by virtue of this Act. ~ ing this Althow

XLV, And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any J®

Fifteen or more of them* for widening the said Streets and Lanes, or any Passage or Avenue leading into the

or through the same* for making and completing the said new intended Road* to purchase or contract for, ew the Purchase of any Messuage or Messuages. Lands, Grounds, or Tenements* and to pay for the same out of the Rates* Assessments, and Tolls by this Act granted, or to be borrowed on the Credit thereof; and that it shall be lawful for all Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and »U Manner of proper Person or Persons, and Parties any way interested in such Meflu ages. Lands,

Grounds, or Tenements so contracted for or agreed to be sold, whether Infants or of full Age, or otherwise* to make Conveyances thereof; which Conveyances, when made, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all such Penons so conveying, are and shall be indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

XLVI. And whereas the Trustees of Chatham Chejl hold several Lands and Grounds of the Hospital c of Spirit Barthchnuvj in Chatham aforesaid, by Lease for Term of Years, or for Lives, or other Estate determinable upon One or more Lives, through which the said Road is intended to pass, and Doubts may arise touching the Sale of any Part of such Lands and Grounds for making the said Road be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustees of Chatham CheJlTt*J* * aforesaid, and for the Master, Governors, or Brethren of the said Hospital, and they are hereby respectively^ t^t

authorised and impowered to treat with the said Commissioners, or any Fifteen or more of them, for the Sale of* so much of the said Lands and Grounds as shall be necessary for making the said Road through Uo4*. or over the same, and to make and execute proper Conveyances thereof for that Purpose; and the Money agreed to be paid for the Purchase of such Lands and Grounds shall be paid by the said Commissioners, or by such Person or Persons as they, or any Fifteen or more of them, shall for that Purpose direct or appoint, to the Trustees of Chatham Chejl aforesaid, for the Use of the said Chejl % and to the Master,

Governors, or Brethren of the said Hospital for the Use of the said Hospital* in such Shares and Proportions as shall be agreed upon between the said Trustees and the Master, Governors, or Brethren aforesaid; and in Case the-Trustees of the said Chejl, and the Master, Governors, or Brethren of the Taid Hospital shall not agree about the Division of the said Purchase-money, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of them, to hear the Parties interested in the said Lands and Grounds, and to apportion and divide the Purchase-mcney for the same between the said

6io C. 32. Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

Trustees, and the Mailer, Governors, and Brethren of the said Hospital, according to their respective-Estates and Interests in th- Lands and Grounds to be so purchifed; and the Order and Determination of the said Commiflior.ers, or any Fifteen or more of them, shall be final and conclusive to all the Parties

interested as aforesaid.

re*t Ptc.fafn*

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Bodies Corporate or-forSai-cf Urc’5 Collegiate, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, interested in such Messuages, Lands, or Grounds, upon &c. -' ’Notice to them given, or left in Writing at the Dwelling-house or Houses, or Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or at the House of the Tenant or Tenants in Possession of the Messuages, Lands, Grounds, or Tenements so to be taken in and made into a Road as aforesaid, shall, by the Space of One Calendar Month next after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refute to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating; then in every or any such Case the said Commissioners, or any Fifteen or more of them, shall cause it to be inquired into, and ascertained by Damage ani Rc-and upon the Oath of a Jury of Twelve 'indifteient Men of the said County of Kent (which Oath any----- Justice of the Peace for the said County of Kent or City of Rochester is hereby impowered to administer) t' ‘c J a *what Recompence and Satisfaction shall he made to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or.

Proprietors or other Persons, for or of account of the said Messuages, Lands, Grounds, or Tenements

taken into or for the widening the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Avenues, or the said Road; and in

order thereto the said Commissioners, or any Fifteen or more of them, are hereby impowered and re-, quired, from Time to Time, as often as Occasion shall be, to summon and call before the said Jury, and examine upon Oath all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching or concerning the Premises (which Oath-any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Kent or City of Rochester is hereby required to administer): and they shall also order and cause the said Jury to view the said Premises in Cueftion, if there be Occasion, and use all other lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury’s better Information of the Premises, as they the said Commissioners, or any Fifteen or mote of them, shall think fit; and after the said Jury shall have so inquired of, and ascertained and fittled the Recompence or Value, they the said Commissioners, or any Fifteen or more of them, shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money, so act'effect by the said Jury, to be paid to the Owners or Proprietors of, or Persons interested in the said Messuages, Lands, Grounds, or Tenements, according to Verdia of the the VerditSI of the said Jury; which said Verd»&, Judgement, Order, or Determination so had and

Jury to be fiiiahn^je, ^aj] £nai ancj conclusivej to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whom-

soever, claiming in Possession, Remainder, or Expectancy, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absent as present. Infants, Femes-covert, and Persons under any Disability whatsoever. Bodies Po-tick, Corporate, or Collegiate, as well as all and every other Person or Persons whomsover; and all and every such Owners, Occupiers, and Proprietors, and all and every Person and Persons any way interested; in such Messuages, Lands, Grounds, or Tenements, shall thereby be from thenceforth, to all Intents and Purposes, divested of all Right, Tide, Claim, Interest, or Property, of, in, to, or out of the same. aLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the summoning and return-. Warrant to u *nS JUI7 or Jur*es> Commissioners, or any Fifteen or more of them, are hereby impowered

joT^jury!001 to ^ue out their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the said County of Kent, thereby requiring him., to irrpannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons, to appear before the said Commissioners, or any Fifteen or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be. appointed; and the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impanne 1, summon, and return Twenty-four such Persons as aforesaid; and out of the Persons so impannelled and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear according, to such Summons, the said Commissioners, or any Fifteen or more of them, shall cause to be sworn before a Justice of the Peace for the County of K/nt or City of Rcchefltr aforesaid. Twelve who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid-; and for Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily. be procured to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges, from Time to Time, against any of the Jurymen when they come to be sworn; and that the said Commissioners, or any Fifteen or more of them, acting in the Premises, shall have Power, from Time to Time, to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff or Sheriffs, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, making Default in the Premises; And on any of the Persons that shall be summoned and returned on such Jury not appe aring, or refusing to be sworn on the said Jury, or being sworn rtfufing to give or not giving their Verdict concerning the same, or in any other. Manner wilfully. neglecting their Duty therein contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and if any Person or Persons who, being required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the said Premises, shall refuse to be examined or to give Evidence touching the same; the said Commissioners, or any Fifteen or more of them, shall and may impose such Fine or Fines, Penalty or Penalties, not exceeding the Sum of five. Pounds on each Pei foil, as they the said Commissioners, or any Fifteen or more of them, shall think fit, to be levied, recovered, and applied in Manner herein after mentioned,.

Commissionen to iljue their

Jirrers mry be tballcn^ed*

JL,.Ani.

A.D. 1769'. Anno nono Georgii III. ' C. 32. 611

L. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Sum and Sums of Money, Consideration, or Money allowed Satisfaction, to be agreed for as aforesaid, shall be, and is and are hereby charged and chargeable upon ,0^L*C*TW the iMonies which shall be received, raised, or borrowed, by virtue of this Act, and shall be paid thereoutcjlcnC<k* accordingly to the Persons respectively in titled thereto, or to their Agents; and that upon Payment or Tender thereof to such Persons or their Agents, and Refusal to accept the same, then upon leaving the same in the Hands of the Cleric or Tieafuier to the said Commission/r% and after Three Calendar Months Notice thereof given to such Persons or their Agents to receive such Monies, Consideration, or Satisfaction, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, their Surveyors,

Workmen, or Agents, to take into the said intended Road, Streets, or Lanes such Messuages Grounds,

Lands, or Tenements, and do every Act with relation thereto, as they, or any Nine or more of them, shall think fit; and after the said Purchase of the said Tenements, Lands, or Grounds, and Tender of Payment as aforesaid, the same shall be laid or made into, and deemed and be Part of the said Road for ever after, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair by such Ways, Means, and Methods, and in all Respects in such Manner as the faij Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall think fit and expedient.

LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or their Sur- Surveyors mat ▼eyor, or such other Persons as they or he shall employ or appoint, having an Order in Writing under the Hands of the Add Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, for that Purpose, may and is and are GrountJ hereby authorised and impowered to cut, dig, take, and carry away any Furze, Heath, Stones, Gravel,

Chalk, Sand, Flints, Bailaft, or other Materials proper for raising the said Streets and Lan:$, and for making and repairing the said Road, in, upon, out of, or from any Waste or Common Ground or Grounds in any Parish, Town, or Place near the said Streets, Lanes, or Road, to be used and applied In raising, making* and keeping in Repair the said Streets, Lanes, and Road, without paying any thing withoutp*nn$ for the same, they the said Commissioners, their Surveyor, or other Persons filling up the Pits and level- for the Cam*; ling the Ground from which such Materials shall be so taken; and if sufficient Quantity of such Mate- levelling the rials as aforesaid cannot be had or found in or upon such Waste or Common Grounds, then, and *n ^$‘eriajs in such cases, to cut, dig, gather, take, and carry away any Quantity or Quantities of such Materials, in, lakrn fr.J, upon, or out of, and from and over the Lands, Fields, or Grounds of any Person or Persons where the private Ground*, fame may be had or found, to be used, disposed of, and applied in or towards the raising, making, widening, and repairing the said Streets, Lanes, and Road, (such Lands, Fields, and Grounds, not being a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, Wood, Coppice, Nursery, or inclosed Ground planted with any Avenue of Trees for the Ornament of any House) they the said Commissioners, or their Surveyor, or other Person or Persons having an Order from the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, for so doing, and filling up the Pits and levelling the Ground from which such Materials shall be taken, and paying or offering to pay to the respective Owners or Occupiers of such Lands, Fields, or Grounds, such Damages for the cutting, digging, gathering, taking, and carrying away such Materials making litis* as aforesaid, and for carrying the same over their Grounds, as the said Commissioners, or any Nine 0rfadion 10 the more of them, shall adjudge reasonable; and in case of any Difference concerning the same, any Two owners* or more Justices of the Peace of the said County of Kent or City of Rochester shall and may, on Ten to <*p-Days Notice thereof to be given by the said Commissioners, or their Surveyor, to the said Owner or Own- iermmcDiflfe-ers. Occupier or Occupiers, or by him, her, or them to the said Commissioners, or any Two or morercnc0S' of them, or to their Surveyor, or to be left at their respective Places of Abode with some or One of their respective Families, hear, settle, and determine the Matters in Difpure, and ascertain what Damages shall be paid, and the Order and Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for peruitics may be the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, from Time to Time, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons against whom the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, for any Penalty or Penalties contained in any Contraft or Contrafts hereafter to be entered into, on account of any Breach or Nonperformance of any such Contraft or Contrafts, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they, or any Nine or more of them, shall think proper; and also to mitigate, compound, or lessen any other the Forfeitures incurred under this Act, so as the Sum so compounded or agreed for be not less than the Injury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Nonperformance of such Contraft or Contrafts, and all the Costs, Charges and fcxpences which shall be occasioned thereby, and so as the Mitigation of the other Forfeitures as aforesaid do not extend to remit above One Moiety of the said Forfeitures respectively.

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself persons aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, for which no particular Method of Relief hath nuy anpc.ii been already mentioned, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter- j.'* the sessions of the Peace to be held for the County or Place wherein the Cause of Complaint shall ai ile, and yMth.ii Three Calendar Months after the Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen; such Appellant # fix ft giving Twenty-one Days Notice at least in Writing of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, snd of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, and within Five Days iTter such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County or Tiace, with two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of, and to pay

f>iz C. 32. v Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 176

such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter-sessions; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Coils to the Parties appealing or appealed against as the said Justices shall think proper; and the Deter* mination of such Quarter-sessions shall be final, binding and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes. pen*lri« and

LIV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed (the Manner lorfetturea how of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and re*

«ki applied?1 covered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal

of any One Justice of the Peace for the said County of Kent or for the said City of Rochester (which* Warrant such Justice ;s hereby impowered.and required to grant) upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered to administer) and the Penalties and Forfeitures, when recover* ed, after rendering the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, to the Party or Parties whose Goods and

Chattels shall be so distrained and loid.(the Charges of such Distress an4 Safe being first deduced) fhfell be

paid to the Treasurer, or such other Person as the said Commissioners at any Meeting shall appoint for that Purpose, and applied towards the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or ' such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, nor less than Fourteen Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

Commissioner* to

LV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, at all their Meetings under thi$ °*n Act, pay and defray their own Expences.

Commtffamersto

LVI. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That every Commissionef Act as Justices. who is or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the said County of Kent or City of Rochester* may-aft as a Justice of the Peace for putting this Act in Execution, notwithstanding his being a Commissioner.

Distress not un-

LVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress shall be made lawful for want for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed nor tfce'parties unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account distraining deem-of any Default or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Partied rd Trespairera ab detraining be deemed a Tresspasser or Trespassers ab initio* cn account of any Irregularity which shall initio, be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irre*

Plaintiff not to gu|arjty may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action on the Case, der^f Amends11"

LVIII. Provided always, That no Plainriff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any such Irfe-bassoon made, gularity, Trespass, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed or caused to be committed any such Irregulari- ties, Trespass, or wrongful Proceedings before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall, and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall see fit; whereupon such Proceedings or Orders and Judgements shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

Writings to be

LIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Nomination, Contraft, Bond, wahout Stamps. Warrant, Judgement, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of, or onlyTigned by, any Commissioner or Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited be^ foresthem, or under the Hands and Seals of, or only signed by, any other Person or Persons whomsoever* relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatsoever.

Proceedings t#be

LX. And be further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners at their Meet- entered in a ings shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and such Orders and Proceedings Book. so entered shall be signed by the Clerk or Clerks at any Meeting of Nine or more of the said Commit*

Proceeding not sioners assembled; and such Orders shall be deemed and taken to be Original Orders; which said Book to bequafoed foror gcoks Q^ii and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and that no Pro- ToTremovcable seeding to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, of any Ordef by Certiorari. made, or other Matter or Thing to be done and transacted in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quallied for want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Pro- cess whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law -or Statute to the contrary whatsoever.

Limitation !

LXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit shall be corftmen* Actiontt ced against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until Twenty-one Days Notice shall be thereof given in Writing to the Clerk or Trcnfur r to the said Commissioners, or after sufficient Satisfaction, or Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and every such Action shall be brought, laid, and tried, in the County or

Phce

A.D. 1769. Anno fionoXjeorgii C. 32, 33, 34, 35. 613

Place where the Cause of Cofnplaint shall arise, and not in any other County or Place; and the Defendant or Defendants in Aich Actions and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General Issue, and give General Issue. this Act* and the Special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Aliens, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought was done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act; and if the said Matters and Things shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limitted, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and if a Verdict or Verdicts shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants* or if the Plaintiff or Plaintifft in such Action or Actions, Suitor Suits, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuarice, or if, upon any Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Actions, Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then, and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the Treble Cort*. fame as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs in any other Cases in Law.

LXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be taken and allowed Publick Act* in all Courts of Justice as a Publick Act; and all fudges, Justicete, and others} are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without the same beifig specially pleaded,

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by a Lottery.

EXP.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying a certain bum thefein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and fox^y-rtinej and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

EXP.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for discontinuing, upon the Exportation of Iron imported in Foreign Ships, the Drawback of such Part of the Duties payable thereon as exceeds the Duties payable upon Iron imported in British Ships; to prohibit the Exportation of Pig and Bar Iron, and certain Naval Stores, unless the Pre-emption thereof be offered to the Commissioners of the Navy; to repeal so much of an Act made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as discontinued the Drawback upon Foreign Rough Hemp exported; for providing a Compensation to the Clerks in the Offices of the Principal Secretaries of State, for the Advantages such Clerks enjoyed before the Commencement of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage; and to explain and amend the said Act.

WHEREAS the Duties payable upon Iron imported into Great Britain in Foreign built Ships preamble*

navigated by Foreigners, exceed the Duties that are payable for such Iron when imported in British built Vessels navigated Dy British Subjects; but the Whole-of such additional Duty paid by the Im- porters of Iron in Foreign built Ships being drawn back and repaid upon the Exportation thereof, is an Encouragement to the Importation of Iron in Foreign built Ships navigated by Foreigners, and may tend to the Prejudice of the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom: For Remedy whereof, May it please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of June, One thousand Drawback i\f-seven hundred and sixty-nine, such Part of the Duties which have been or shall be paid upon Iron imported in continued tf 10 Foreign built Ships navigated by Foreigners, as exceeds the Duties which would have been payable upon®uch the Da-such Iron, if the same had been imported in British built Ships navigated by British Subjects, mall not be^"^fnIro* drawn back or repaid upon the Exportation or such Iron from this Kingdom; any Law, Custom, or ported >n For*i* Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. Bottoms, * ex-

ceed? the Duties upon Iron imported in Britilk Ships,

II. ‘And whereas by several A<fb of Parliament, Pig and Bar Iron made in His Majesty's Colonies in

Jmerita, may be imported directly fr«ua thence, under certain JUftri&ipns, into any Port of

6i

C.

35*

Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

Britain 1 Duty-free; and for the better Supply of His Majesty's Royal Navy with Naval Stores, various Bounties or Premiums are allowed upon the Importation of Masts, Yards, Bowsprights, Tar, Pitch, Turpentine, Hemp, and Rough and Undressed Flax, into this Kingdom: And whereas, the ^ood Purposes intended by those Acts are in some Measure defeated by the Re-exportation of such Goods into foreign Part?; and it is proper that further Provision should be made for the Supply of Naval Stores for the Publick Use:’ Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First ndcenaiiiNa al Day oVJun:y One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, the Pre-emption or Refusal of all Pig and Bar 5‘orc-i proh-Uted Jron, Mails, Yards, Bowsprights, Tar, Pitch, Turpentine, Hemp, Rough and Undressed Flax, and unie^ tTJpre-’ low, be olFered and tendered to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, Eight Days before any v.r_such Goods shall be exported, or entered for Exportation, by way of Merchandize, to foreign Parts

T»tC an Bulron,

empiion bs oifr

<.4 to the C);n irom the rorc or juonio*7, anu wenty i^ays oerore any iucn exoous mm oe exported, or cncereu ror xl*x-r'iflione(toi the portation, by way of Merchandize, to Foreign Parts from any other Pprt or Place in this Kingdom; and

Mdvyj jf7 within the said Times respectively after such Tender, the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy

shall not contract or bargain for the lame, the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall give a Certificate of such ender and Refusal under their Hands (without Fee or Reward) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods; and upon his or their producing and dedivering up such Certificate to the Collector and Comptroller or other Principal Officer of the Customs, at any Port of this Kingdom, it shall and may be lawful for such Owner or Owners of such Goods to export the same from thence, in the same Manner, and under the same Rules and Regulations, as they might have been lawfully exported if this Act had not been made.

W exported, ' JH, And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Pig or Bar Iron, Masts, ithoi.t Yar<^s5 Bowsprights, Tar, Pitch, Turpentine, Hemp, Rough and Undressed Flax, or Tow, shall, from bLlg^ooiVaed^and after the said First Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, be exported from this Kingdom to Foreign Parts, or entered outwards, or laden on Board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in order to be exported, or lh ill be put on Board any Boat or Vessel, in order to be(hipt for Exportation by way of Merchandize, without beins* first tendered to* the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, as before or before a Certi-directed; or before their Certificate of such Tender and Refusal shall be produced and delivered up to *?ca, te ProJ,uccd°.fthe proper Officers of the Customs at the Port of Exportation, such Goods shall be forfeited and loss, Refusal^heVtmtalK* and may seized by any Officer of His Majesty's Customs; and if the said Goods £haJl^ be ex-may be* fe z d; ported before any Discovery thereof, so that they cannot be seized, in such Case the Owner of Exporter and if thitcan’tof such Goods shall forfeit the Value thereof, to be estimated and computed according to the best Price be done, thetx-t^at each Article then hears at London; which Penalties and Forfeitures shall and may be sued for, pro-Vaiuc °rfCUgthCFecute^> recovered, and divided, in the same Manner and Form, and by the same Rules and Regulations as other Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by the Laws relative to the Revenue of Customs may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and divided.

Recital of Clause

IV. And whereas by an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intitled, n Ad 6 Geo. III. j^n fr allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British made Cordage; and for discontinuing the Drawback upon Foreign Rough Hemp exported; it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That the Drawback, which by any Act or Acts of Parliament is allowed and made payable upon the Exportation of Foreign Rough Hemp from this Kingdom, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable: And whereas the allowing the said Drawback, under certain Restrictions, may encourage the Importation c of Foreign Rough Hemp into this Kingdom, for the better Supply of His Majesty's Royal Navy there- with :’ Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First Day of June* One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, the said Clause in the before recited Act of the Sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, discontinuing the said Drawback upon the Exportation of Foreign Rough Hemp from this Kingdom, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be, repealed.

V. And whereas by an Act made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage; the Clerks in the Offices of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State are deprived of the Privileges of sending and receiving their Letters free from the Duty of Portage, which had been uninterruptedly enjoyed ever since the Establishment of the Port Office; and that the Privilege of Franking News Papers, reserved to them by the said Act, is by the Regulations therein contained rendered of very little Advantage to them, and is likely soon to be intirely loft, by reason of the great Expence they are put to for Port Letters, and from the Methods by which News Papers are now dispersed into the Country: As a Recompence therefore for the Loss of such Privileges, and as a Compensation for the Ad-i^col. per An- vantages theretofore arising therefrom;* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall num to be pant be and thereby charged upon tluRevenues arising in the General Letter Office or Post Office or Office of ?oft out of iht* Rpve. ^2a/jer Qcnera]^ the Sum of one thousand five hundred Pounds per Ann v/h, which shall be payable theie-011 to Marty’s Principal Secretaries^ State for the Time being, in equal Proportions, to be d;f-tfce clerksi i the tributed by such respective Secretaries of State among tiic Clerks in their Offices; which said annual Offices of the Sum shall be made in Quarterly Payments, to be computed from the Twenty-fifth Day of Ivlovch, One Principal Sccre-thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine; and that the Paymaster or Receiver of the Revenues of the Ge-rcVmfenr^on $nera^ Letter Office or Poll Office, or Office of Port Mailer General for the Time being, shall, upon for t°!cllvivTi^sany Warrant or Warrants under His Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, countersigned by any Three or more ciken from them of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or by the Lord High Treasurer for the Time beinc* determined by the recited make

Afl.

c. 45. dtlcontinu- < ing the Drawback t upon Foreign ( Rough Hemp exported:

c

The recited Clause repealed.

Recital of Clause in Act Geo. III. C. 24. touching { the DuticsofPoll- {

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 35, 36, 37. 615

make such Quarterly Payments to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by such Seer; taries ofwvnnt to be State for the Time being to receive their respective Proportions of the said annual Sum; such Person or ni.nicmit«o.i’*y-Persons producing and delivering to such Pay mailer or Receiver a Receipt or Receipts under the Hands J"*1'1 acco'dlnS* of such Secretaries of St2te; and which Receipt or Receipts shall be a full Acquittance and Discharge to such Paymaster or Receiver for the Payment of the Sum or Sums mentioned therein.

’VI. And whereas by an Act made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, Chnfeint’nekij An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets free A>c* rejecting i from the Duty of Postage, it is provided that nothing therein contained should extend to charge with the Duty of Postage any printed Votes or Proceedings in Parliament, or printed News Papers, being,:f- Vending*ibe1 4 font without Covers, or in Covers open at the Sides, which should be signed on the Outside thereof by v.tesohhoH »use

that all such Votes, Proceedings, and News Papers, so sent and signed, or directed as aforesaid, should be received free of the Duty of Postage: And whereas Doubts have arisen with respect to the Duration.

of the Time allowed by the said Add for the Conveyance of such Votes, Proceedings, and News Pa- pers, free from the Duties of Postage;* be it therefore declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it is the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, that such Votes, Proceedings, and News Papers, fofent and directed as aforesaid, should be conveyed free from the Duty of Postage during such Times ThefaiJTimei:-only as are allowed and limitted in the preceeding Part of the said Act for the Conveyance, free of Post-, T ited *otne SclV age, of Letters and Packets not exceeding the Weight of Two Ounces, sent from or to any Member o^within

either of the Two Houses of Parliament in Great Britain or Ireland respectively in such Manner as in the 40DaVs beforeor said Act is particularly exp refled; that is to say. During the Sitting of any Session of Parliament, or 40Days after, within Forty Days before or Forty Days after any Summons or Prorogation thereof.

VII. And whereas by a Clause in an Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act Clause in Act 1 to alter certain Rates of Postage, and to amende explain, and enlarge, several Provifnns in an Act made inGc.°' IIIa c. 2 5*

the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in other Acts relating to the Revenue of the Poji Office, q^c. 1

the Clerk of the Parliaments and the Clerk of the House of Commons are impowered to send and receive Letters free of Postage: And whereas the Privilege of sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage is not by the said Act extended to the Clerk Assistant, and the Reading Clerk of the Hou(e of Peers, and the Clerk Assistance of the House of Commons of Great Britain, and the Chief Clerk without Doors (who receives the Fees and pays them to the Officers of the said House respectively for the Time being; who by Virtue of their respective Offices and Employments necefia- rily send and receive many Letters relating to the Publick Concerns of these Kingdoms;* be it there-The clrrk fore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Lid Clerk Assistant and the said Reading Clerk of the Ho fe of Peers; and also the said Clerk Assistant and the said Ho,re Peers;

Chief Clerk without Doors of the House of Commons of Great Britain for the Time being, shall and and the Cicrk ai-may respectively send and receive Letters free from the Duty of Postage, in the same Manner and under and chief such Restrictions as any Member of either of the Two Houses of Parliament of Great Britain now fend^cr^ aftd receive the same, in pursuance of an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present H*e ^om- Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of mons j may fend: 4 Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage.* and «ccive La-

ter* Duty tree*

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven-

hundred and sixty-nine.

EXP.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for reviving several Acts for preventing Abuses-in making Bricks and Tiles; and forsfeio Geo. j.<v indemnifying Justices of the Peace, and others, who have acted under the said Acts; and for49, indemnifying Persons who have omitted to make and file Affidavits; and for allowing further Time for paying Duties omitted to be paid upon Contrafts with Clerks and Apprentices; for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, loft, burnt; or destroyed; and for repaying to "Joseph Ghver and John Bill the Duty by them paid on a Cargo of Wheat, and for allowing the same to be landed for Home Consumption; and for preventing L’arish Poor being paid in base or counterfeit Coin.

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned Have been found to be very useful and beneficial, Troubles.

and are expired: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted;’ and be it eri-acted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords bpiritiul and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

Ii /lluc.

iu»nt Co the Di-of the said ActU fines the raid 25 March, 1732, are indemnified. Further Time al

616 C. 37. Anno nonp GaofiGii III. A.D. 1769.

?on uch of an Act That so much of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the i2 Gw. l. c. 35' First, intituled, An Act to prevent Abuses in the making of Bricks and Tiles, and to ascertain the Di- mentions thereof, and to prevent all unlawful Combinations amongst any Brickmakers or Tilemakers, within Fifteen Miles of the City of London, in order to advanceor enhance the Price of Bricks or Tiles and so much of an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled,

and of Act S Geo. 11. c. 15.

and of Act; London, in order to advance or enhance the Price of Bricks or Tiles \ and also so much of an Act paffird

in Force on,0/ Third Yeafof His said Majesty's Reign, intituled, €An Act for amending the Acts therein men* B5 March, 1732/ tioned, relating to the making of Bricks,' as were in Force and capable of-taking Effect upon the Twen-«re revived, and ty-fifth Day of Mat cb> One thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, shall, from the Twenty-fifth Day of further continued December, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, b$ revived, and have Continuance from that Time to25Dec. 1769 j the Lnd of the next Session of Parliament.

nd Persons who

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Justice and Justices of the Peace, hare acted pur- Searcher and Searchers, and every other Person or Persons whom foe ver, who shall haveafted in any Case pursuant to the Directions of the said A.fts, or either of them, since the said Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, shall be, and he apd they is and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all Trespasses, Pcpajties, and Forfeiture? whatsocuer, which they or any of them shall or may have incurred by reason thereof.

III. 1 And whereas divers Persons may have omitted to cause Affidavits to be made.and filed in thepro-lowed to Person* R£r Offices, of the actual Execution of Contrafts of Clerks to Attprnies and Solicitors, within the who have omitted Times limited by Law. and may be in Danger of, incurring certaii) Disabilities by such Gmission to make and file be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who have omitted Affidavits of the to ^ause such Affidavit or Affidavits to be m^de and fijed as aforesaid, and who shall on or before the First Fx^ut'onofCon-Day of Michaelmas Term, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-njiK, cause one or more Affidavit or

AirwniMand Affidavits to be made and filed in such Manner as is directed by the Laws in being, shall be, and are hereby ltc*wrs. indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities, and Difnbili-ties, in or by any Act or Acts of Parliament mentioned, incurred, or to be incurred for or by reason of any Neglect or Omission in causing such Affidavit or Affidavits to be made out and filed, in such Manner as is

required by the Laws in being; and such, Affidavit or Affidavits so to be made and filed as aforesaid, shall be as effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been made and filed within the rcipeclive Times limited by the Laws in being for that Purpose.

IV. And, for the Relief of any Person or Persons who, through Neglect or Inadvertency, havcomitted to pay the several Rates and Duties, or any Part thereof, upon Monies given, paid, contrafted, or agreed, for, with, or in relation to, any Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants, who have been put or placed to or with any Mailer or Mistress, to learn any Profession, Trade, or Employment, and to have such Indentures, or other Writings, which contain the Covenants, Articles, Contrafts, or Agreements, relating to the Service of such Clerk, Apprentice, or Servant, stamped within the Times by the several Aftb of Parliament for those Purposes respectively limited, or who have also, in like Manner, omitted to insert and write, in Words at Length, in such Indentures, or other Writings, as aforesaid, the full Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, received, or in any wise directly or indirectly given, paid, or agreed or contrafted for, with, or in relation to, every such Clerk, Apprentice, or Servant, as aforesaid, be it

PuitherTimeil- enacted, That upon Payment of the Rates and Duties upon Monies, or such Part of such Monies so ne-lowed for payingglc£[cd Qr omitted to be paid, as aforesaid, on or before the First Day of Se'ptnnbery One thousand seven AC ?cmTceF«s burred and sixty-nine, to such Person or Persons to whom the same ought to be paid, and tendering the nThuving the * foid Indentures or other Writings to be stamped at the same Time, or at any Time on or before the Twen-Ird'-nfuies ty-ninth Day of Sejisttiber^ One thousand seven hundred and ilxty-nine (of which timely Notice is to be given in the London Gazette) the same Indentures or other Writings shall be good and available in Law or Equity, and may be given in Evidence in any Court whatsoeverj and the Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants. therein named, shall be capable of following and exercising their respective intended Trade or Employment, as fully as if the said Rates and Duties, so omitted, had been duly paid, and the full Sum or Sums received or agreed for, as aforesaid, had been inferred; and the Persons who have incurred any Penalties by the Omissions aforesaid, shall be acquitted and discharged of and from the said Penalties; any Thing in the said former Acts to the contrary notwithstanding

V. And whereas several Bills commonly called Exchequer Bills, several Tickets commonly called Lottery Tickets, several Orders and Certificates made forth in lieu of the said Lottery Tickets, and like wife for Annuities of divers Kinds, payable at or near the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer; as also several Receipts of the Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or some of them, for Monies contributed there for the Purchase of Annuities transferable in the Books of the said Governor and Company, or for other Monies, payable there in pursuance of Acts of Parliament, have by Casualty or Mischance keen loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed 3 which Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders of the respective Denominations aforesaid, were made forth by and in pursuance of several Acts of parliament in that Behalf;’ be it

' ‘ 3 thereto!*

JUmpt.

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 37. 617

therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where it Avail appear by Affidavit to

made before any or either of the Barons of the Exchequer for the Time being, (who shall interrogate the Deponent thereupon) to the Satisfaction cf such Baron or Barons, that any such Exchequer Bills, or any urates7./Kx-such Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders as aforesaid, before the First pay ofehesuer jmi*. Mny, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, have been, are, or shall be, loft, burnt, or others ife Lottery Ticket deltroved, or that there be good Rrafon to believe the same have been burnt, loft, or otherwise deft royed, it shall and may be lawful for the respective Officers and Persons appointed to issue or make forth such Exchequer Bids, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, or to -pay or dif-bu nt, other- effiarge the same, or to issue any Monies due or payable thereupon, upon producing a Certificate from any *i:c or either of the said Barons of such Affidavit made before him or them (which Affidavit the said Barons, or any or either of them, is and are hereby authorised to take, and which Certificate he or they is or aretnf*the hereby required to make and grant without Fee or Reward) and on Security given to the said

Officers and Persons, to their good Liking, to indemnify them respectively against all other Persons what- Duplicate! soever, for or concerning the Monies specified in or due upon such respective Bill or Bills, Ticket or (:f the raid Bills, Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, Receipt or Receipts, Order or Orders; they the said Persons respectAc.and topavthe lively shall and are hereby required to make forth Duplicates of the said Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Re- Moneydue, Sccu-ceipts, and Orders, at the Request of the respective Owners, and to pay, satisfy, and discharge, the same, and all such Interest asis or shall be due oh any of them carrying Interest, or to make forth Stock or trans- applying to inferrable Annuities, in lieu of such Receipts as he or they should have paid, satisfied, or discharged, ordemoity then made forth on the said original Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, if the same had been produced, and shall be allowed all such Payments, Sum or Sums of Money/ in their respective Accounts 5 and in all Cases where the Signing of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, TfCaflir t fi or the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain for the Time being, shall be necessary for making the said ^j, Duplicate^ Duplicates, or any of them, effectual for tht Purposes aforesaid, it shall and ir ay be lawful <0 and for the as require their said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer signing to make for the Time being, to sign such Duplicate accordingly. them eflfeayai.

VI. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty's Aa

to continue several Aftsniade in the preceding Session of Parliament, the Importation of Wheat and0*0-111* c# lt Wheat Flour from His Majesty's Colonies in America free of Duty, was allowed until the First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine: And whereas Joseph Glover and John Bill of the City of Bristol, Merchants, fent out a Vessel upon the Third Day of Auznfty One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, from the Port of Bristol to Virginia for a Lading of Wheat, in order to import the same into this Kingdom, under the Provisions of the said Act: And whereas from the Badness of the

"Weather and contrary Winds both on the outward and homeward bound Voyages, and the unavoidable

Delay for Repairs in Virginia^ the said Vessel did not arrive at the Port of Bristol till the Fourth Day of February last: And whereas the Cargo of the said Vdfel, confiding of about Four thousand five hundred Bushels of Wheat, was so much damaged in the Voyage as to be unfit for Exportation; and a 4 Deposit has been made at the Custom-house in Bristol of Two hundred and fifty-five Pounds on account of the Duty upon the said Wheat: And whereas the said Cargo is in so perishing a State that the famCj

or the greatest Part thereof, mud be inevitably loft, if not permitted to be landed for Home Consump- j0'epfcG1oreran4 4 tion Be it therefore forth r enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for John Bill to be Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs or other proper Officer or Officers, and they are hereby autho-,ePai*S°l*e* rifed and recuired to repay to the said Jtfeph Glover 2nd. John BilL> or their Assigns, the said Sum of Two ^, Vhe c?-" hundred and fifty-five Pounds fb deposited as aforesaid; and that it shall and may be lawful for them the $wTmlmpof! said Joseph Glover and John Bill or their Agent or Agents, to land the said Cargo of Wheat, confiding of ted by them fiem about Four thousand five hundred Bushels, without the Payment of any Subsidy, Custom, Duty, or lm- America} aotuhe position whatsoever, in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as they might have done had the said Wheatto belaud-Vessel and Cargo arrived before the Expiration of the said Act. ed Duty-free.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Churchwarden or Oveifcerof any Parift, Township, or^Jj2mTor«? Place, or other Person authorised or intruded by them, or any of them, to make Payments to or for thechenjmt’vftedto Use of the Poor within such Parish, Townftup, or Place respectively, shall wilfully and knowingly, atmake Haymtatt any Time from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June next, make any such Payments in any bale or to.orfof a,<u* counterfeit Money, or in any other than lawful Money of Great Britain-9 that then, upon (iimplaint^JrJJ* thereof made to any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, or Place, wherein such Pay- i* ^y^the? tlua nient shall be so made as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby re- lawful Money, otiired, to summon the Church warden, Overseer, or other Person charged with such Offence, and in a umnmary Way, upon his or their Nonappearance or Confession, or upon Proof of such Offence upon

Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the iaidjustice is hereby authorised to forfeit not left adrrinifter) to adjudge the Party so offending to forfeit and pay for each Offence a Sum not less than Ten«h»n 10*. m-r Shillings, nor rrore than Twenty Shillings; and to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and £orc than 2°* Chattels of such Offender; rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner, after the Charges of such^c^fc"c Distress and Sale shall be deducted; which Sum (h ill be applied for the Use of any PoorPctfon or Persons cj to’he use of of such Parish, Township, or Place respectively, in such Manner at the Justice of reace, who shall adjudge of the »*<x* such Forfeiture, (balldircftorappoinu ! ottbe

’Anno nono Georgii III. CAP. XXXVIII.

A.D. 1769.

618 C. 38.

}\jt TV. L-t:j

C'tKirg R,j-;v S;, k*

S*e iWi M*

frf. 2. c. 4. t. 5,

s/cro.VctV An Act for further encouraging the Growth and Culture of Raw Silk in His Majesty's Colo- Geo. i. c. io. nies or Plantations in

23 Geo. 2. c. 34.

P.eambie. 4 *ITT HER EAS the giving further Encouragement to the Growth and Culture of Raw Silk in His

W Majesty's Colonies and Planta i ns in America, will he a great Advantage to the Trade of the said Colonies, and tend to the further Improvement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom be it

V e-miurmallow therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and wi:h the Advice and Consent of the rdenti rltrport*. Lor(js Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-Tl!o7*L'T r*y of the same. That fresh and after the First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy. Raw Si)k of the all and every Person or Persons who shall import or cause to be imported into the Port of London, dire£Hy Growth of the from the British Colonies or Plantations in America, in any Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels, that may Erjtjfh Colonic* lawfully trade to His Majesty's Plantations, manned as by Law is required, any Raw Silk of the Growth r |A7cle*V Z or lhe Colonies or Plantations, shall have and enjoy, as a Reward or Premium for such

ico 1.°"value Importation, the following Sums (that is to say) for every Hundred Pounds Value of such Raw Silk, to thereof imeoned be afcci tained as is herein after mentioned, the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds, and so in Proportion for any from iJ<*m77o. Quantity of greater or lesser Value, from the First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred ani to 1 yn[ l77yj seventy, to the First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven; for every Hundred fueimpor ted from P°u nds Value of such Raw Silk, the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and so in proportion for any Quantity of

,777, to greater or lesser Value, from and after the said First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and ijan. 17S4; seventy-seven, to the First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; and for every 151. tot like Va- Hundred Pounds Value of such Raw Silk, the Sum of Fifteen Pounds, and foin proportion for any Quantity of greater or Idler Value, from and after the said First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred ijln* 17913 ° and eighty-four, to the First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one; under such ’ J Regulations as are herein after mentioned: To be paid upon Demand to the Importer of such Raw Silk to be pa'd cut of by the Receiver General of the Customs, the Collector or other proper Officer of the Port of London, out th- Customs. of the Customs,

Id^inArreHca* Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in order to intitle the ^lorccieat^ngoutImp°rter and Importers of Raw Silk to the Premium granted determined by this Act, every Merchant or other Person of the Vttfci, that or Persons whatsoever who shall, after the said First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and t!ie Silk flapped seventy, load any Raw Silk on board any Ship or Vessel in any of the British Colonies or Plantations in u of the Growth America, shall, before the clearing out of the Ship or Vessel from thence, make Proof on Oath before the oneofVhe Bri- fle&or and Comptroller of the Customs and Naval Officer at the Port or Place where such Raw Silk xuh Cuiomci 5 shall be put on board, or any Two of them, that the Raw Silk which he, she, or they, hath or have shipped on board such Ship or Vessel, (expressing the Quantity thereof) is bona fide of the Growth and Culture of feme or One of the British Colonies or Plantations in Ame rica, and speccifying the Colony of Colonies, Plantation or Plantations respectively, of which it is the Growth; winch Oath the said Collector and Comptroller of the Customs and Naval Officer, or any Two of them, are hereby required and aoi t Certificate impowered to administer without Fee or Reward; and the Master, Commander, or other reifoR, taking ti thLM^?’ Charge of the Ship or Vessel, on board which such Raw Silk shall be loaded, shall also bring with him a alT^chtdf Certificate or Certificates from such Collector and Comptroller of the Customs and Naval Officer, or any ea<h Bak, Two of them as aforesaid under their Hands and Seals of Office (which Certificate or Certificates such with the Natnn Collector and Comptroller of the Customs and Naval Officer, are nereby required and directed to grant and Places of a-without Fee or Reward) expressing the Marks, Number, Tale, and Weight, of the Raw Silk in each fcmtCr°f and Per- Parcel, or other Package whatsoever, so shipped or loaded on board such Ship or Vessel; with the Ions* who said Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode, of the Exporter or Exporters thereof from the said British have made Oath Colonies or Plantations in America, and the Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode* of such other as aforesaid, «nd Person or Persons who shall have sworn the Goods therein mentioned to have been of the Growth and 10whom such Siik Culture of the said British Colonies or Plantations in America, and the Name or Names of the Person or Londmf ia^tobe Persons to whom the same are consigned in the Port of London; which Certificate or Certificates the said brought over by Master, Commander, or other Person, taking Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall, on his Arrival in the the Master of the said Port of London, deliver to the Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of His Majesty's Customs Vciw, and deli- at the said Port at or before the Entry of the said Raw Silk; and at the same Time shall make Oath before HrOfficer^of theanY ^nc them the said Collector, Comptroller, or Chief Officer of His Majesty's Customs (who are Customain Lon- hereby required and impowered to administer the same without Fee or Reward) that the said Bales and don before Entry Parcels, and Goods contained in such Certificate, are the same Bales and Parcels, and Goods, as were made of such Silk taken on board in the said British Colonies or Plantations in America.

there $ and be ii also to swear to the Identity of such Silk.

Mteri ^FoISta And lt further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and Result, under a^cr l^c First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, make, or cause to be made, the Denomini* an Entry or Entries of any Foreign Raw Silk under the Name or Description of Raw Silk of the Growth *>a of that on or Culture of any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America $ or shall mix, or cause to be mixed,

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 38.

any Foreign Raw Silk with Raw Silk of the Growth or Culture of the British Colonies or Plantations Amo-

America, with Intent to receive any Premium or Bounty by this Act granted; every Person or Persons^1^/0^ so making, or causing to be made, such Entry or Entries, or mixing, or causing such Mixture or Mixtures to be made, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds for every such Offence, and all in to re-*’

such Foreign Raw Silk; and, in case of any Mixture, the Quantity so mixed both of Foreign and British ceive the Bonn-Plantation Culture or Growth, or the Value thereof, together with the Bales or other Packages containing1? together the same, shall be forfeited; and shall and may be seised and prosecuted, or the Value thereof be* sued for, oooodi^&cf by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs, as herein after mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Importation of any Raw SilkThcBa, M to into the Port of Lordon from His Majesty's Plantations in America, under the Regulations aforementioned, oSc«r»

it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, or their Officers, customs,°in or and they are hereby required to examine the said Raw §ilk, by opening each Bale or Package, and shifting^er to afceitdin the same in such manner as to see the Whole Contents; and to fix and ascertain, according to the best of^c Value; their Judgement and Discretion, the1 true and real Value thereof, according to the Price Raw Silk then bears at Market. '

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when the said Valuation shall have been A Certificate of

so made by the Commissioners of the Customs, or their Officers (which they are hereby required to do1 v^t,on to within the Space of Ten Days after the-landirrg of such Raw Silk) a Certificate of such Valuation shall |^per officer/ be signed by the proper Officer; upon producing which Certificate to the Receiver General of the Customs, and product in Collector, ok other proper Officer of the Port of London, such Officer shall be and is hereby required forth-order to obtain with to pay the Premium, by this Act directed, to the Importer or Owner of such Raw Silk. Payment of the

VI. Provided always^ and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Dispute or wherttherenjall Difference shall arise between the Commissioners of the Customs, or their Officers, and the "Importer or any o.spurea-Owner of such Raw Silk, touching the Valuation thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the said Com- bout the Vaim-snissioners, and they are hereby required to call Two or more Persons well (killed in that Commodity, who lion* Two or shall declare upon Oath, if thereunto required, their Opinion as to the real and true Value of such Raw

Silk, according to the Price it would then bear at Market; which Valuation or Award of the said Two their Persons shall be final; and the Person intitled to such Premium or Bounty, shall receive the same according Opinion upoo to such Valuation, to be certified as aforesaid. Oa?h; and ihe>

- Award *» made final.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Raw Silk of the Growth cr The premium i«

Product of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America shall be exported from Great Britain, then; 011

and in every such Case, the Persons exporting the same shall, before the Entry thereof, pay unto the Col- ExPcrutJon» kftor of the Customs of the Port whefe the same shall be exported, or to the Chief Officer of the Customs

there, the full Sum which is allowed as a Premium by this Act on all such Raw Silk as he intends to ex- *bose

pert, over and above any Duty the same is now by Taw subject to pay at Exportation by any former Act c u 19 of Parliament.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if anyrerson, his, her, or their Agent oron Forfeiture of

Agent*, Assignee or Assigns, shall be found fraudulently to export or load on board any Ship, Vessel, or such siik, *»d Boat, in order to be exported, such Raw Silk, without paying such Premium to the Chief Officer or Col- Uvu:,;eih.cV4l.,*» Jeftor of the Customs as aforesaid; such Person and Persons shall forfeit and lose all such Raw Silk, and *7 Double the Value thereof. iwE,r«...uon.

IX. Provided always, That if any Doubt or Dispute shall arise whether the Raw Silk, or any Part in ni'Hent-oue

thereof; so to be exported, is of the Growth or Produce of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in sh, ie- the Growth of rica* or of Foreign Growth cr Produce, the Onus probandi shall lie on the Owner thereof, or the Person s :k ic 10 *-daiming the Bounty, and not on the Informer or Profcutor; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. Owner, &c.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Collector or Comptroller of the 2oot. Penalty rn Customs, or Naval Officer, shall make any false Certificate; or if any Merchant, Trader, Factor, or making a f/fit other Person, shall make any false Oath with regard to the Growth of such Raw Silk; or if any Master Certificate, or or Commander of any Ship or Vessel shall make any false Oath concerning the Certificate or Package of fallc°ath > such Raw Silk; or if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit any such Certificate as is herein before di- 0r, counterfeit^ rested to be made, in order to obtain any Premium hereby granted; all and every such Person and Per- any Certificate j font, so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds: And if ;»nd, ifanOffkcr, any such Person, so offending, shall be a Collector, Comptroller, or Naval Officer, or any other Officer i'orfei ure ot

of the Custom*, he shall also forfeit and lose his Office, and be incapable of serving His Majesty, His PUcc also> &c* Heirs and Successors.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Penalties and Forfeitures by Recovery of the

"this Act inflicted, shall and may be prosecuted, determined, and recovered, by Bill, Plaint, or Informa- *ni

tion, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster^, or in any of the Courts of Admiralty in For,c;lu, cl*

His Majesty's Plantations in America respectively, where such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be incurred;

wherein no KfToin, Prdteftion, Wager of Law, or more than* One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XII. And be :it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by <n<\ Application this Act imposed shall; if incurred in Great Britain, be applied. One Moictv to the Use of His thereof.* Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as shall fuc for

629 C. 3$, 39. Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

the fame; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures as shall he incurred in His Majesty's Plantations in Am* rica shall be applied. One Third Part thereof to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, Ooe Third Part to the Use of the Governor of the Plantation where the Forfeiture shall be incurred, and the remaining Third Part to such Person or Persons as shall sue for the same, 1

Limitst oar er XIII, And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be com-,0B* menced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit, if in Great Britain, shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed; and if in the Brhish Colonies or Plantations in America, within Eighteen Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit Ceatial IflWc may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be haa thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be Nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against ({hc Plaintiff; the Defendant or Defen-T»cbk Costs. dants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy For the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act so permit the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland and the British Plantations in America* for a limited Time; and for taking off the Duties upon Seal Skins tanned or tawed in this Kingdom, and for granting another Duty in lieu thereof; for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising or executing any of His Majesty's Orders of Council prohibiting the Importation of Raw Hides, Horns, and Hoofs, of infefted Cattle; and to authorise the Prohibition of the Importation of such Hides, Horns, and Hoofs, for the future.

tremble* \R7 WHEREAS the allowing, for a limited Time, the free Importation of certain Species of Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland and the British Colonies or Plantations m America* and the Reduc- tion of the Duties upon Seal Skins tanned or tawed in this Kingdom, may tend to the Eafc of the Pub- lie, by reducing the Price, and encouraging the Manufacture of Leather in this Kingdom ;’ be it therefore enacted by the Kin/s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine. no ""^fSubfidy, Custom, Duty, or other Imposition whatsoever shall be demanded, collected, received, or taken, Horkt excepted) for or upon any raw or undressed Hides of Steers, Cows, or any other Cattle of what Kind soever (ex-ftiiowedto bcim- cept of Horses, Mares, or Geldings); nor for or upon any Calve Skins or Goat Skins, raw or uiwfcel&d, ported Duty-free which shall be imported into this Kingdom from Ireland. or any of the British Colonies or Plantations *n America^ for the Space of Five Years from the said first Day of June> or at any Time thereafter before i^AmoksiEnd ?* t^lcn next Session of Parliament; any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary not-for the Term of withstanding.

Years$

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Aitthorky aforesaid, That due Entry (haO

so at Entry be he made of all such Hides and Skins, at the Custom-house belonging to the Port into which the same shall tbTp at Tim! be imported, in such Manner and Form as were used and pra&tfed before the making of this Act; and 0 such Hides and Skins shall be landed in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs aj* pointed for that Purpose; and if any Person or Persons, upon the Importation of such Hides or Skins, shall not observe and perform the said Rules and Regulations herein before mentioned, every such Person shall be liable to and pay such and the same Duties as such Hidesand Skins would have been subject and liable to if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that from and after the First Day of June% One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, the Rates and Duties payable by virtue of apy former Act The former Du- or Acts Q{ Parliament upon Seal Skins tanned or tawed within this Kingdom, shall cease, determine, and

S^"n^ or »>c no longer paid or payable.

tawed in this

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Lid First Day of

Kingdom are June, in lieu of the said Duties by this Act repealed, as aforesaid, there shall be raffed* collected, levied,

and paid, unto and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors. for and upon all Seal Skins which be tanned or tawed within this Kingdom, a Rate or Duty of One Penny Halfpenny per Pound lb. it to be paid; Weight, Averdupois, of such Seal Skins; and after that Rate For a greater or Ids Quantity.

V. And, for the better ascertaining, charging, collecting, railing, levying, and securing, the said Rate the said Duty t« or Duty by this Act imposed, and preventing Frauds therein, be it further enacted by the Authority afore-bc under the Ee- said, That the Rate or Duty by this Act made payable upon Seal Skins tanned or tawed in Enrtand^ capt and ma- ff^alesy or the Town of Berwick uf $n Tweedy shall be under the Receipt and Management of the Com-commiSione*?1* /nissioners and Officers of His Majesty's Revenues of Exctfc in England for the Time being; and the Rats

d Officer*’of o*

Juuifc;

portation, and the same be landed in the Presence of an Officer $ otherwise they are liable to pay Duty.

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 39.

under the Re-

621

Pa

or Duty by this Act made payable upon Seal Skins tanned or tawed in Scotland, (hdl be ceipt and Management of the Commifinners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rate and Duty by this Act imposed and to be raise*, or chargeable for and upon Seal Skins aforesaid, shall and may from Time to Time oe ascertained, raised,1 vicd. Deceived, levied, recovered, and secured, by such Ways, Means, and Methods, and by the same or dif-,n ferent Stamps and Marks, and under such rains of Death, and other Penalties and Forfeitures, and with c *' such Powers of adjudging the said Duty, and adjudging and mitigating the said Penalties and Forfeitures,

or any of them, and other Powers, and to such Rules and Directions, and in such Methods, Manner, and Form, as the respective Duties upon Hides a*d Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, Made Wares, as the Dur'ei Ve!Ium, and Parchment, granted by an Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty upon Hides *n4 ueen Anne, intituled, ‘An Act for laying certain Duties upon Hides and Skins tanned, tawed, or Skmi, b> dressed, and upon Vellum and Parchment, for the Term of Thirty-two Years, for prosecuting the 9 nnx* c*IX*

War, and other Her Majesty's most necessary Occasions,’ are by that AS, or any Law or Statute thereby referred unto, or by any Law or Statute relating to the Duties of Excise upon Hides and Skins, prescribed, appointed, or enacted, to be ascertained, ratfed, received, levied, secured, or Recovered; and that the Ack last mentioned, and all the Clauses, Pains of Death, Penalties, Forfeitures, Powers, Authorities,

Rules, Directions, Matters, and Things, therein contained, or thereby referred unto, or contained in any other Law or Statute relating to the Duties upon Hides and Skins, for the ratting, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, paying, or accounting for the Duties thereby granted or therein mentioned, or any Arrearages of the same, or any way relating to the same Duties, rains, Penalties, or Forfeitures, by such Act or Acts chargeable, be applied, practised, and put in Exception, for railing, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, paying, and accounting for the Duty upon Seal Skins by this Act granted, and all Arrearages thereof, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they were particularly and at large repeated in the Body of this present Act.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Montes anting by and in respect p^tfettobepaU

of the Rate and Duty hereby granted and imposed (the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for*0 Jhe E*d»e-the fame excepted) mail from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt ‘ of his Majesty's Exchequer atquer’ We/hnin/Lr, separate and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Revenue 5 and are hereby appropriated, and shall be issued and applied to the same Uses and Purposes, in such Manner, and under such and ,o bclPPIicd Regulations, as the Monies arising by the Rates and Duties hereby repealed are, by any Law or Laws pVtie* now in being, appropriated unto, and directed to be issued and applied. u ‘

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Drawback of One Penny /rrDr*wt«ck of i<f. Pound Weight Averdupois shall, from and after the said First Day of June, be allowed upon the Expor- per Povadal-tation of Seal Skins tanned or tawed in this Kingdom, in lieu of any other Drawback 5 and the said iovr«d »P°". > Skins shall be exported, and the said Drawback allowed and paid, in such and the same Manner, and*1^ o( under the same Regulations and Restrictions, as any other Hides and Skins are exported, and the Draw- awed SeUSkia*. back thereupon is allowed and paid.

IX. And whereas His Majesty, by certain Orders in Council to prevent the contagious Distemper

which raged amongst the Horned Cattle, in several Foreign Parts of Europe, being brought into the King-

doms of Great Britain and Ireland by the Importation of Hides, Horns, and Hoofs, of such infected Cattle,

was pleased to order that the utmost Care mould be taken not to permit any Entry to be passed for the

Hides of Horned Cattle, either Raw pr Salted, or Horns and Hoofs which were or might be imported

# into any of the Ports of Great Britain or Ireland\ until His Majesty's Pleasure should be Further signified;’

be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all PersonaF Actions and Suits, Indict- Perfect ind«mni-nients. Informations, and all Prosecutions and Proceedings whatsoever, which have been or shall be pro-fied w!lh fecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons, for or by reason of any Ad, Matter or Thing ad-^logHil vised, commanded, appointed, or done, in relation to the Premises j or of any Contract or Agreement Mat:fly’* Order* not pet formed by means of, or in obedience to, such Order of Council, be, are, and shall be, dischargedot* Council, pro-and made void by virtue of this Acts and that if any Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted hib5ti?s d* ,»-ia that Pari oi Great Britain called England, against any Person or Persons for any such Ad, Matter, ^l^,o*c0of*w or Thing, so advised, commanded, appointed, or done, or such Contract or Agreement not performed, ferted’c/ale he, she, or they, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence for Contraa* and if the Plaintiftor Plaintiffs in any Action or Suit so to be commenced or prosecuted shall become0performed la Nonsuit, or forbear further Profecuuon, or suffer Discontinuance, or if Judgment shall be given upon obedience chert, any Verdict or Demurrer against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and mayt0* recover Double Costs, and shall have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hatn0entrtI Iff*.

*r have in other Cases by Law: And if any such Action or Suit as aforesaid shall be commenced or pro-Drolle CM* fecuted in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or in the Kingdom of Ireland, the respective Court before whom such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted, shall allow to the Defender the Benefit of the Discharge and Indemnity hereby provided, and shall further allow to him his Double Costs, of Suit in all such Cases as aforesaid.

X.

for

f. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and *» Majestyim* the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors, from Time to Time, as often as He *>wcrtd» br

- m - *—# cuznatiofi or

..aw*. iLiAvvtiwiik j, uid iiv ti a, ui uuv.v«mui9, uviu a line iv a miv. uiicil w A AC

or They shall find it necessary so to do, by His or Their Royal Proclamation, to be issued by and with ^ council ihc Advice of His or Their Privy Council* or by His or Their Order in Council, to be published in the to piohibmh/

l London

V

622 C. 39, 40. Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

importation of London Gazette^ to prohibit generally, or from any particular Country or Countries, the Importation of HldCior any Hides or Skins, Horns or Hoofs, or any other Part of any Cattle or Bead, into the Kingdoms of 'r5‘ Great Britain ox Ireland^ for such Time or Times to be therein mentioned, and under such Rules, Or-

ders, and Regulations, as His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, by the Advice aforesaid, shall judge most expedient and effectual to prevent any contagious Distemper from being brought into these Kingdoms; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action shall at any Time be brought against any Person for any Matter or Thing which he or she mall do, or cause to be done, by virtue or in Execution of this Act, in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action Cc»;r«l liTucfc may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence on any Trial or Trials to be hereafter had in such Action; and that if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any such Action shall difeon-tinue such Action, or become Nonsuit, or if Judgment shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action, the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action shall recover his, her, or their, Tre-' TieV.c Cc/ls. bie Coils of Suit.

CAP. XL.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of GrealL Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March) One thousand seven hundred and fixry*nine. '

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision should be made for^fraying the Charge of the Pay 4 VV^ and Cloathing for the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain*ailed England) for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-ninfc ;* be it therefore enacted *n8s mod ’Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice afal Consent of the Lords Spiritual and raiteV^the lie- Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, 'land determined by the Authority of the same, That c^iver Genrulofin every County, Riding, or Place, within that Part of Great Britain called England\ where the Militia is the County is to or shall be raised, the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax of such County, Riding or Place irae4 Months respectively, shall issue and pay the whole Sums required, in the Manner, and for the several uses herein cc) ainz to The*ttT ITlentioned \ that is to say. For the Pay of the said Militia for Four Calendar Months in Advance, Ert-bl (Wnc cfat the Rate of Six Shillings a Day for each Adjutant, where an Adjutant is appointed; and at the Rate p*y herein of One Shilling for each Serjeant, with the Addition of Two Shillings and Sixpence a Week for each Serjeant Major, where a Serjeant Major is appointed; and at the Rate of Sixpence a Day for each Drummer, with the Addition of Sixpence a Day for each Drum Major, where a Drum Major is appointed; and also at the Rate of Sixpence a Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment, Battalion, and Independant Company of Militia; One Penny whereof shall be applied for defraying the Hospital Expences of each Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company, during the Time of the Mens being from Home upon account of their An-, Vith nual E^ercife; and also for Half a Years Salary for the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia ^Rtcimental0 belonging to such County, Riding, or Place, at the Rate of Fifty Pounds a Year and also for the re-, and Battalion spective Allowances to the Clerk of the General Meetings, and Clerks of the several Subdivision Meet-. Clerks; and the ings, at the Rate following; that is to say, To the Clerk of the General Meetings, at the Rate of Five* Allowances to Pounds Five Shillings for each Meeting; and to the several Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings* at the Rate c* Clt[kasnjf the°f Gnc Pound One shilling for each Meeting; and also for the Cloathing of the Militia for such County* SuMWifion Riding, or Place, after the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings for eaqh Serjeant, and Two Pounds

Meetings; for each Drummer, with the Addition of One Pound for each Serjeant Major, and each Drum Major;

and pay for and with respect to the Private Militia Men, where the Militia hath not been eloathed within Three

cloathing of the Years, at the Rate of One Pound Ten Shillings for each private Man.

Throve Sums

IL. Provided nevertheless, That in any County, Riding, or Place, where Pay has not yet been issuedt are not to be for the Militia, no Pay shall be issued until his Majesty's Lieutenant, or, in his Absence, or in case of paid, if Pay has a Vacancy by the Death or Removal of His Majesty's Lieutenant, any Three Deputy Lieutenants, or not before been any such County, Riding, or Place, shall have certified to the Commissioners of His Majesty Treasury, Ldldeut*1or^De-an<*to *he Receiver General of the Land Tax, that Three Fifths of the Number of Private Militia Men puti4 Ufluil have of such County, Riding, or Place have been inrolled, and that Three Fifths of the Proportion of their' certified to the Commissioned Officers have accepted their Commissions, and entered their Qua] ifi ations tis by Law required. Treasury and

III. And be it enacted, That all such Sums of Money granted for the ray of the Militia as. aforesaid* 9 ratVhcYnrolCOe* except such as shall be due to the several Clerks of the Meetings aforesaid, and except such as shall be sment of fifths ^ae on accoun* of Cloathing, shall, where the Militia has never been embodied, be paid by the said Re- r‘ or the Men and ceiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, into the Hands of the Clerk or Clerks of the Regiments* Officer?. or Battalions of Militia.belonging to such County, Riding, or Place, upon his or their producing his or The Money is their Warrant or Warrants of Appointment to such Office, under the Hand and Seal of His Majesty's to be paid by the Lieutenant for such respective County, Riding, or Place; and where the Militia has been embodied, in-MUoVhe cserk to l^e Hands of the Clerk or Clerks of the Regiments or battalions, upon his or their producing his or of the Regiment their Warrant or Warrants of Appointment to-such Office, under the Hand and Seal of the Colonel, or.

Battalion (ex- where

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 40. 623

where there is no Colonel, of the Commanding Officer of each Regiment or Battalion respectively, not-crPr tfce Altvw-withstanding such Militia shall have been disembodied; and where the Militia shall be formed into an, In- ci-rk* of tl e dependant Company or Independant Companies, such Sums as aforesaid shall be paid by the said Re- M*ti*g* an* ceiveror Receivers General of the Land Tax, into thv' Hands of the respective Captain of each Inde-for Clashing) pendant Company of Militia, or to such Per Ton as such respective Captain shall authorise to receive the upon producing fame, according to the Number of Persons hereby iirituled to receive Pay and Cloathing, of which such ^hc ^r.rant Regiment or Regiments, Battalion or Battalions, Independant Company or Independent Companies, s wo,n,men!J shall have been appointed to consist, according to the Establishment laid down in an Act passed in the com.

Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce pan^s/to the'"

into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the Railing and Traning the re<p«dive CjP-4 Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England and such Receiver or Receivers General oft*n«, oriothcw the Land Tax Dial! also, within Fourteen Days after the Expiration of the Third Calendar Month from°rder$ the Time of the said First Payment, make a Second Payment for Four Calendar Months in Advance; *CC(ox^to th# and shall also, within Fourteen Days after the Expiration of the Three Calendar Months from the Time uJdown^th*7 of the said Second Payment, make a Third Payment for Four Calendar Months in Advance, for the Pay Mititu Ad of and contingent Expences of the Militia, and for the Allowances to the Regimental or Battalion Clerk 2 Geo. 111. or Clerks aforesaid, in the Proportions herein before mentioned; and the Receipts of such Clerk or Clerks, a Second Pay-and of such Captain of an Independant Company, or Captains of Independant Companies, or of such m*nt is Person or Persons as such Captain or Captains shall so authorise to receive such Money as aforesaid, shall ^olfthTafter Ur be a sufficient Discharge to such Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for the several Sums of Money so by him or them paid. *nd a*Third

IV. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia shall forthwith, after within Three the Receipt of such Sums of Money as aforesaid, pay, or cause to be paid, One Calendar Month’s Pay Months after thr in Advance to the Adjutant of such Regiment or Battalion respectively; and to the Captain or OfficerScc0"d-commanding each Company belonging to such Regiment or Battalion, Two Months Pay in Advance Receipt* of the* for the Serjeants and Drummers 5 and also to the Officer commanding the Company to which the Ser- foJII

ieant Major and Drum Major shall belong, Two Months Pay in Advance for such Ser eant and Drum J*5 °£2d dtf*

Major; and so from Time to Time so long as any Money bit that Account shall remain in his Hands: charge the Re-Which Pay every such Captain or Officer commanding i^nereby required to distribute to each Person bc-ceiw* General, belonging to his Company, by this Act intituled to receive the same, as it shall become due; and the The Regimental Captain of each Independant Company is hereby required to distribute to each Person belonging to his ar]d ®*ttaJion Company intitled thereto, such Money as he shall receive for Pay of his Company by virtue of this Act ;^ Advance°One and such Captain or Officer commanding shall. Once in every Year, give in to the Clerk of the Regi Month’* Pay to ment or Battalion to which such Company shall belong, or, if Captain of an Independant Company, to the Adjutant the Receiver General, an Account of the feveiai Payments he shall have made in pursuance of this Act,*nd 2 Month according to the following Form: tain'for the^P"

S'ljtin?* and Diumrr.er*; and for the Serjeant-major and Drum-major; to b? paid to the Commanding Officer of the Company to which they belong t Cfp-sains ro distribute ihc Pay accordingly, and account for the same yearly to the Clerk, or Receivergcneial, if an Independent record ing to the

fallewing Form.

County of

Dr.

ToCafh received of Mr.

Regimental or Battalion Clerk, or Receiver-general, as the Case shall be, for Two Months ray in Advance -

Per Contra Cr.

Paid Serjeant for

Days Pay from tb of to the of

following

Ditto as Serjeant-major (if> One in the Company)

Paid Serjeant for

Days Pay from the

of to the of

following

Paid Drummer

Days at Sixpence, from the of to the

of following

Ditto as Drum-njajor (if One in the Company)

Paid Drummer

Days from the of

to the of following

for I 3m the 1

-"-I

1

And

624 C. 40.

Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 17 & 9.

PJJ b*ck And shall pay back to the said Clerk, or to the Receiver General, as the Case shall be, the Surplus (if Mons«In hi* an/) of M°ney by him from Time to Time received, and then remaining in his Hands,

Hinds V. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of MHiria, out of the Money

The cie.ks are hereby directed to be issued and paid to him for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment or JikeiTjfc to pay Battalion: shall, yearly and every Year, pay to the Colonel or Officer commanding such Regiment or «ilo^cdhf>r con ®attahon» One Penny a Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the Hospital Expences tinjern Expeacet each respective Company of such Regiment or Battalion during the Time of the Mens being absent t JFpsrMAn for from Home, upon account of their Annual Exercise* and shall, from Time to Time, issue out and par Hospitft.>iCharges: such Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Repair of Arms, and the Carriage and Removal thereof, tnd ilcSums oe-upon an Order in Writing signed by the Colonel or Officer commanding such Regiment or Battalion; Repair of Arms, an<* aJ?ply* dispose of, and pay, the Residue of such Money, for the general tJfe and Benefit of each f«ch tn(f carriage ^respective Regiment or Battalion, in such Manner as the Field Officers and Captains thereof, or the thereof. greater Part of them, shall direct; and shall yearly and every Year make up an Account or all such

Residue to be*p- jvfoncy, and the Expenditure thereof, and deliver the same to the Colonel or Officer commanding such rrfi?«rtbreRc^c*ment or &altal*on> to bV, him examined, allowed, and signed j which Account so allowed and pime't, !&r. Is signed shall be, and it is hereby directed to be, the proper Voucher and Acquittal of such Clerk, for the the Field offitcit Application and Disposal of such Money.

ndc.iptaim

VI. And be it enacted, That the Money hereby directed to be issued for the contingent Expences of stall dinti. each Independant Company of Militia, shall be, in like Manner, applied to the particular Use of such ni? Sums to bee rdpeOive Independanr Company by the Captain thereof; and shall yearly, and every Year, be in hkc made up yearly. Manner accounted for to the Receiver General of the Land Tax of the County or Place to which such ice. Independant Company shall belong; whose Allowance of such Account shall in like Manner be the pro-

Money allowed per Voucher for the Expenditure and Disposition thereof,

MxCmeTo^in- lt further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officer commanding every Regi*

aep^"lnt°Comment> Battalion, or Independant Company of Militia, which shall be raised and trained pursuant to the ponies to be ap Laws now in Force, shall, and they are hereby respectively required, from Time to Time, within Thirty plied by and ac- Days after the exercising of every uk!i Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company shall be finished, counted for by pursuant to the Directions of the Laws uow in being in that Respect, transmit to the Auditor of His Commanding Majesty's Court of Exchequer a compleat Return, signed by such Officer commanding, of the several Officer* to trans- Officers, Non-comraiffioned Officers, and Private Men, who were actually inrolled, and did serve in nit to the Audi-every such Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company, at the Time the same were so exercised as for of the Eiche- aforesaid, in like Manner and Form as is required to be made to One of His Majesty's Principal Secret

thlom'cT °d taries of State-

Private'jvien m-

VIII. And be it enacted, That the said Regimental or Battalion Clerk may and shall retain to his own rolled, and Tery-Use, out of the Money so by him received, such further Sums as shall complete the Allowance herein, ng at the am.u J before made for his Salafy*

CiXCk,fc* And be further enacted, That whenever His Majesty's Lieutenant, or any Three or more De-

Moneyti°nhis,n P.uly Lieutenants of any County, Riding, or Place, shall nave fixed the Days of hxercife for the Mili-ftrindf for bit ^a, hfc or they shall, as Toon as may be, certify the same to the Receiver General of such County, Rid-own Siiary. ing, or Flace, specifying the Number of Men, and the Number of Days such Men are to be absent from When the Ld. Home on account of such Exercist; and such Receiver General is hereby required, within Fourteen utieHhJJ hare ^aYs a^ter the Receipt of such Certificate, to issue and pay to the Clerk of the several Regiments or Bat-fixed the D«js of talions, at the Rate of Seven Shillings and Sixpence Dhy foe the Captain of each Company, and at Exer«ife. the Rate of Three Shillings and Sixpence per Day for each Lieutenant, and of Three Shillings per Day fof they are to cer- each Ensign j'and also at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for each Private Militia Man, with the Ad-the Receiver ^,t,on of Sixpence per Day for each Corporal of the Militia, so to be called out to Exercise, for the genera^fpreify- Number of Days such Officers and Men shall be absent from Home on account of such Exrrcifc; and ia ing 1 be* Number such Counties where there shall be Independant Companies only, the Receiver General of each such reef Menani Dayifpective County shall issue and pay to the Captains of the Independant Companies, at the Rate of Seven rhry frail be ab Shillings and Sixpence per Day for each Captain, Three Shillings and Sixpence per Day for each Litu-tenant> ,an(* Three Shillings per Day for each Ensign 5 and also at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for to issue each Private Militia Man, with the Addition of Sixpence per Day for each Corporal of the Militia, lb to

npm 1'ay for be called out to Exercise, for the Number of Days such Officers and Men shall be absent from Home on Officers and account of such Exercise and the said Regimental or Battalion Clerks are hereby required forthwith to

imcnulchlk6 PaY to each Captain of the said Regiments or Battalions, the Proportion of Pay belonging to each Cap-gimcn J n ' tain, and likewise the Pay belonging to their respective Companies.

Where rhrre shall be Independant Companies pnJy, the Receiver-general is to iffile Pay to the Captains, according to the Rate here set down. Clerk to pay

ver the Money to the re pefh've CaprainS.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Captain of each Company shall make up an Account of all Capuirs to Monies received and paid by him on account of such Exercise, according to the following Form:

’wiLc up their Account acccrd.ng lo the following Form;

Coun;/

A.D. 1769.

.. ( Anno nono Georgii III.

County of Dr.

To Cash received of *) the Regimental or Bat- I talion Clerk, or

Receiver General (as the V Case shall be) for Days Pay of Men

Per Contra Cr.

By my Pay as Captain Paid Lieutenant

Paid Ensign

Paid Militia Men?

'Days ,5

Paid additional Pay to I

Corporals Days J

'C. 40* 625

Which Account shall be signed by the said Captain, and countersigned by the Commanding Officer; and to tc signed by such Captain shall, within Ten Days after the Time such Exercise is finished, deliver such Account, and ^re^;cadndbco^ pay the Balance, if there be any due, to the Regimental or Battalion Clerk; or, if Captain of an Inde-commandingOf-pendant Company, to the Receiver General: And such Accounts shall be allowed as sufficient Vouchers ficer, in the passing of the Accounts of such Receiver General, at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer. and delivered,

with the Balance, to the Clerk, or Rrceiver-general. Accounts allowed Sufficient Voucher*.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Com-During the Time cany of Militia, is or shall be embodied, and called out into actual Service, and thereby the Officers and the Trc?ps *re Private MilitiaMen are or shall be intitled to the fam^Pay as the Officers and Private Men in His Majesty's ^j^’^ other Regiments of Foot receive, all Pay from the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land l ax fortual Service, and the County, Riding, or Place, to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company of MilitiareceivePay as me shall belong, whether to the Adjutants, Serjeants, Private Militia Men, or others; and all Money al-KinK’solher For" lowed as aforesaid for the contingent Expences of such Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company

of Militia; apd also the Allowance to the Clerk of such Regiment or Battalion; shall, during such Time th^Received-ge-of actual Service, and until such Regiment, Battalion, or independant Company, shall be disembodied, nerai aretoceafe. and return Home, cease and not to be paid.

XII. And be it enacted, That the said Receiver or Receivers of the Land Tax shall pay to the Clerk of R*ccive,s-sen*-^he General Meetings his Allowance at the Rate of Five Pounds Five Shillings for each Meeting, upon

producing an Order or Orders for that Purpose from His Majesty's Lieutenant, or from Three Deputy Lieu- of

tenants assembled at some General Meeting or Meetings; and shall also pay to each and every of the Clerks of Meeting, and to the Subdivision Meetings their several Allowances, at the Rate of One Pound One Shilling for eachthe ck;: 11 the Meeting, upon his or their producing an Order or Orders from One or more Deputy Lieutenant or Me-i'in^u on Deputy Lieutenants, assembled in the several Subdivision Meetings; which said Order or Orders be to the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, a sufficient Discharge for the Payment of n-om the Leute-such Allowances, and be allowed in his or their Account. nant or Deputy.

*’ lieutenant*. Ordert to d'scharge Re- ceivers-general.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia, Regimental and shall give Security to the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax of the County, Riding, OrBatta,i0" Clerk* Place, to which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong, by a Bond to His Majesty in the Penalty of^yineandic-Onc Half of the Sum required for the whole Year’s Charge of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia to counting for the" which such. Clerk shall belong, for duly answering and paying such Sums as he shall; from Time to Monies received Time, have received, and for duly accounting for the same, and for Performance of the Trust hereby inbythcmJ

him reposed; which laid Bond shall be lodged in the Hands of the Receiver or Receivers General or the the Bwds to be-Land Tax for the respective County, Riding, or Place, who, in case the said Regimental or Battalion lodged with the Clerk shall not duly perform the Conditions comprized in the said Bond, shall, and is hereby required Rcccivrrs-«ci c-forthwith to put the said Bond in Suit in the Name of His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors; the Full?1.’|JndKput m Costsand Charges of which Suit, m case Judgement shall be given aeainst such Regimental or BattalionNoi»pCTfor^n°ce Clerk, shall be paid by him to the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, who shall like-#f the Conditi-wife be intitled to, and receive to his or their own Use, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum out of all such°»

Monies as shall be by him 01^ them recovered thereon; and shall account for the Residue thereof withand the£ are in’ the proper Auditor of His Majesty's Revenue; the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax Full Vofis’ard charging himself or themselves therewith, upon the next Account of the Land Tax to be by him orchards, and 51.

them paHed. per Cent, of the

Money recovered; the Residue to be accounted for to the Auditor.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of every Regiment or Battalion of Militia, and the Captain Thr Regimental of every Independant Company of Militia, in every County, Riding, and Place, within the Part of Greats B.ttaii n Britain aforesaid, shall, between the Twenty-fifth Day of March 2nd the Twenty-fourth Day of Jur.c;\ anoCa?‘ One thousapdTeven hundred and sixty-nine, deliver to the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land-^ts

Tax for the County, Riding, or Place, to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company arC to d?:i^r shall belong, a fair Account in Writing, of all Monies by him received and disbursed for the Service of Accounts fOl'dr the preceding Year, in pursuance of this Act, with proper Vouchers for the same; and shall pay backRc‘ciPts r* to the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land 'Fax, any Surplus of such Monies that shall then be in his Hands; which said Accounts signed by such Regimental or Battalion Clerk, or by such CaptainLme'to-he Vot. X. 4L of

C. 40* 4T.

Anno ncsia 3*qrgi v Ul*

A.D. 1769.

ctirrii. of an Independant Company respectively, shall be transmitted by the said Receiver or Receiver* General of the Land Tax, intq the Office oftfop.

ax, intq the Ui&ce of th* proper Auditir of His Majesty's Raucous,

nit the Accounts into the Auditor's Office.

B«every of Pe-

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That *J1 Penalties, all Cpfts and Charges of Suit, and all salues, Sts. Sums of Monejy, for which any Petfoa or faefons i* or are by this Act made answerable, may and shall be recovered ft syiy of His Majesty's Courts of Record at W’ljbninjhr, by Afticm.of Pcbt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, vyhyein pp Effein. Wager at Law, or Psoteftion, or more than Ouc Imparlance shall be allowed

Wo Ffe 9»v»fcle XVI. Proved always, and be it enacted, that r» fee or Gratuity whatever {haft be given or paid frr any Warrant for or upon aqcopnt of any Warrant or Sum of Money which, shall be issuect in- relation to, or in purfu-

or Sum of Money anCC of, this Act. jfTucd in purfu- ance of this Act.

eftr^oaHaif, syn, Prp\idpd aftitay* and, he ft encted, That wwPerfw* bows en* Half-pay, er bemr inrklwl *9

p^A*vWinth*any Atjpwanc^ as Iw'ipjj fewd, in any or either of the:Two Troop* of Horse Guard*. 0 Regiment of Horsa cqJvced* apd- fcjrvftg is, the Militia* %act and may, and he is hereby bapmneced tn receive and

to Subfile

fayshbJc. 1 tenants

lyps*

the followic

Oath before

Justice.

Lcgqc-monsy by, xti? Act (Jireft^d, to be paid tp, C.ASrtsaw* 4o*m* an*

Wqfio Justkfc cS tto J?CW£, mh<* k hereby inpowwed to adminUkr

The Oath. € T d? (wpac* That! hpdBoft* between the aiw Phceor Etnpteyment of Ftoflt* Civil

Jt or Milkary, under His keftde^my Allowance* of* Half-pay as a reduced. ft*

late. RceiiBQaA of (or Allowance 33 in Ihtc

Trpo^of-tferfe.GUacs^ oe Regimen*' of Horst reduced) f*ve and1 except ipjr Sub*

ftfteoce as a Liauicuapp or Ensign, m tk-Gfifi may for sewing in the Ntilfria o£the County of '

And the taking the said Oath. 8ujl he fl^fHcicuit tg* entitje fq.Qh Person to nqqejy.e. hi* Half-pay, orth* t fekt AlfowancoT without taking any ct^e* Qaih* apy taw, lTfpge* or QuGqbi* tq the:QO«Uai;yf thereof

notwithstanding.

XVIIk An# be }%. further ena^w} by tl# Authority, afqrefoidi That the Recej^er, Geeeralof the LanA

in* a Tax, so feon. ae- he {half receive ay Warrant updejr the Haoclof thfc Colctool o? Commanding Officer of

fr^ta the C*ro- their refb^ftive Regiment$oc Battalions, certftying tjre R^ceipt.Qf.th€.Cloatbuig>and an Order ftom the Cauud O®^'* Colonel or Coni San ding Officer for the Mpiiey due on apQQUPttQftbe. feme, payable to»che Ferfoo o« T^TZ^(6ns who famished the said Cloathing, shall pay the $im>.mentioned in.such Order tq the PexfonJo?* io receive t}je fame; apd such Warrant and Order, together with the Receipt of the Person receiv-Otf er lib^Pay- ing the said Mopey, {bftekurt IJifeharge tg fmk Receiver, General.

u^cnt, iatopay thei«m« accordingly.

if any

XIX. And be it stirther enacted by the Authority aforesaid. Thai* ipcafc any Baitaiion, ow

Independapt Owppany, shall qeafp apd determine, during the Continuance of this Act, the; Sum of Shiltioeu per Diem shall be paid to such Person as. has. actually served as. Adjutant to lftch Re— fro^ gjment. Battalion, of Independant Company, from the Tim«> such. Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Tim. to *5 Company wall cease, to Rw Twenty-fijfth Day of March^Oo« thowCywl. feneA buodred a»d feysAty,

Muck, 1 tjA.

CAP. XLI,

An Act for better securing the Duties of Customs upon certain Good's removed from the Out Ports and other places.to London* for regulating, t!hc. pees of the Officers, of Hist Customs. irvthe Province of Sentguvsk?*in Jfric<h v for allowing to the Receirersr general of the Dq|ieSj on Officeaaod Employ meotsi in Scotland^ proper Cqmptnfation fop their-Trouble ami Expeace*; for the better Preservation of Hollies, Thorns, and Quickfecs, in Forests, Chaces, and private Grounds^ and of Trees and Underwoods in Forests and Chaces; and for authorizing the Exportation of & limited Quantity of an inferior Sort of Barley, called Bigg* from the Port of Kirkwall in the Islands of Orkney.

*«Bibl»1wti«iD| * WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King CWe in Act 13 t Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and regulating Abuses in His Majesty's 4M4Cw.a. c.n.« Customs; and by several subsequent Acts of Parliament which are now in Force, in order to prevent

the clandestine Importation and Running of Foreign Goods, it is provided and enacted, that no Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, shall be removed in any Ship or Vessel by Sea from any One Port, Creek,

«r Member, in this Kingdom, (o be landed at any Other Place of thu Realm, without a Sufferance, or

A.D. Anno nono Georgii III. C. 4.1. 627

Warrant and ottoor Coast Dispatcti first bad and obtained from the Olttrtrt bf HU Ctistoms f

r which Regulation* have been round useful and necessary Checks against Fratids in His Majesty's keve-

ayes: And whereas to defeat the good Purposes intended by those Act of Parliament, treat Quantities of Foreign Goods, which are liable to high Duties upost the Importation, are clanacftincly riin on

Shore ot fevertl of the Out Ports of this Kingdom, and are afterwards removed from thenefe by Land

Carriage into Lmehn% and other Parts adjacent thereto, to the great Prejudice of the Publick Revenue and the fair Trader: For Remedy whefeoly be it enacted by tnfeRingU most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this preterit rar-ifo fv*eig!i Ml Lament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of June* One°rSirawHa«,*e. thousand seven hundred and sixty*-nine, no Foreign Bast or Straw,'Chip, Cane, or Horsehair Hats or °MC

fionnett, exceeding in Number One Dozen; no Foreign Platting or other Foreign Manofacture of Baltnor £itting f*. or Straw, Chip, Cane, or Horsehair, proper for making of Hats or Bonnets, exceeding m Quantity One making thereof. Found Weight Avoirdupois; no Succus Ljeuotitia, commonly called Spatitfh 'Juice^ of Foreign Produce exceeding 1 n>. esr Manufacture, exceeding in Quantity Twenty Pounds Weight; no foreign Snuff, exceeding IftnorSpemfltjuice Quantity Ten Pounds Weight; no Nanquin Cloth, Muslin, Foreign Callteo. or Foreign Dimity, ing in Quantity One entire Piece; and no Chinn Earthen Ware, exceeding in Number Twelve Pieces, lfu<* Nankin the same shall have been imported of seised at any Out Port in Great Britain^ shall be brought, removed, cloth, Muflih, or carried, either by Land or by Water, from any Out Port or other Place whatsoevfer in Great Into the Port of London^ or the Members thereof, or to any Place whatsoever within the Distance of Sk *1 Twenty Miles from the Royal Exthangi of London, without a Certificate frOth the ColtaSWr or other w* ettwAnf proper Officer of His Majesty's Customs, at the Port or Place where such Goods \Vere Imported or 11 Pieces; nuy fvited, certifying that the Duties payable upon the Importation of such Goods have been duty pslid and remo»M fn* f«isfied, of that the said Goods nave been before compounded for or condemned; Which Fa<3$ shall be verified by the Oath of the Importer Or Proprietor thereof, referring to the Times when, and the Place where, such Gr>ods were entered, condemned, or compounded for; and if such Goods foal I have been thereof, with put a imported or seised within the Port of London, and fern from thence to any Out Port for Sale, they foallCeriific.te.fii* not be removed as aforesaid from any Out Port into the Port of or the Members thereof, *!"*»

*ny Place whatsoever within the Distance of Twenty Miles from foe Exchange of London. out a Certificate from the Collector or other proper Officer of His Majesty's Customs, at or neartft to thkooood. («v Port or Place from whence such Goods art intended to be removed, certifying that the Owner or Prdpfle-d«i)«icr, tb«F.6h for of such Goods hath made Oath before him that the said Goods, and every Part thereof, had befch *» fce sent to such Owner or Proprietor from London, for Sale, in the lawful Way of Trade, referring to the Tittm°JLh* when, with the Name and Residence of the Person from whom, such Goods were sent: and that such uocion, mi t* Owner or Proprietor verily believed the Duties payable upon the Importation of such Goods had befcn duly from thence foe paid and satisfied, or that the said Goods had been before compounded for or condemned; and the said«® »nr ° tefpeClive Certificates shall express the Quantity and Quality of the said Goods, with the Mirks of the j*

Package thereof, to what Places and to whom the same are Consigned, and by what Carriage the same re intended to be removed; and if the said Goods ate removed By Land, the said Certificate foa!l also without Certi-xpreft and limit the Time for which the same foall continue in Force. fie«e.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective' Oaths and Cettlfi- The o.th «ns

cates herein before required shall be administered and granted determined by the Collector or other propter Officer of CertiScte.» be the Customs in the Manner before directed, without Fee or Reward: And if any such Bast or Straw, "Kl

Chip, Cane, or Horsehair Hats or Bonnets, Platting: or other Manufacture of Bast, Straw, Chip, Cane, KiwefSe or Horsehair, Succus Linoritia, Snuff, Nanquin Cloth, Muffin, CailicO, Dimity, or China Earthen oid’commodHie. Ware, shall be removed as aforesaid, or shall be found removing, from any such Out Port or Place, in t>- rem.,rf, order or with an Intent to be carried into the Port of Lond or any Member thereof, or to any Place*'found "* whatsoever within the Distance of Twenty Miles from the Royal Exchange of London, withbttt such Cer-

ficate; or if the same (halt not agree in all Respects therewith; the Goods, together with the Package ,ot lgret’ in ,n thereof, foaH be forfeited and lost, and foall and may be seised and prosecuted by any Officer or Officers Respetfb wi*th» of His Majesty's Customs; and after Condemnation disposed of and divided in such Manner as the IikeCertific they Goods may, for any other Qause of Forfeiture, be seised, prosecuted, disposed of, and divided, by ahyMe Act or Acts of Parliament now m Force,

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing here-®?* f,he bef, re In before contained foall extend, or be confttued to extend, to any Bast or Straw, Chip, Cane, or,"n5‘t*"^5 Horsehair Hats or Bonnets, Platting or other Manufacture of Bast, Straw, Chip, Cane, or Horsehair? the r»id Coodtu

8ntemt Lkpurition, Snuff, Nanquin Cloth, Muslin, Callico, Dimity, or China Earthen Ware, which aw bought in

foall have been, bona fide, bought in a publick and fair Way of Trade in the CiticS of London or West- Publickf L?J ftif mnfltr, or Liberties thereof; and which shall be removed or removing, by any Person or Persons, for Ldon Y^a' hw> her, or their own ftetellary Use or Wear, and foall not be intended to be sold or exposed to Said. w<tfniinft»

and which Hull be reinovinf fof private Ufdy and hot far Sale.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if such Bast or Straw, Chip, laDiOmt* whtfa Cane, or Horsehair Hats or Bonnets, Platting or other Manuft&urfe of Bast, Stra\y, Chip^'Cane, or ;ny Horsehair. Succas Liqueriti* Snuff, Ntmynin Cloth, Muslin, Callico, Dimity, or China Earthen

fluU be kited or stopped, for being removed or for being found removing as aforesaid without such Cer-or removing co«-

4L2 tificate, truy to Uui Afo

628 C. 41. Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

fceProofistolietificate, and if any Doubt or Dispute shall arise whether such Goods have or have not been removed, or cm ihcClaim4nt. are or are not removing, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Proof thereof shall Jie on the Owner or Clanner of such Goods, and not upon the Officer who shall seise or flop such Goods. 1 Penalty of false- V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall swearingtoan) of fc]fe]y make Oath to any of the Facts herein before required to be sworn, such Person or Persons shall the Faa*j fuffier the like Pains and Penalties as are incurred by Persons committing willful and corrupt Perjury; and or of counterfeit-if any person or Persons shall counterfeit, rafe, or falsify, any Certificate required or directed by thi$ afying^n^cJii1' Act, or shall knowingly or willfully makeufeof any Certificate, so counterfeited, rated, altered, or falsified, such ficatef y 1 Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; One Moiety thereof to His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same in any Court of Record at Westminster% wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

VI. And, in order to prevent any Disputes which may hereafter arise concerning such Fees as the Collector of His Majesty's Customs, and other Officers of the Customs in the Province of Senegambia in Africa, may be intitled to, for making Entries or other Business done by them in the Execution of their *r°d or Employments, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That until such Time as the same shall

s.-nrgambTau. be otherwise settled by Authority of Parliament, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collector and thorned to take o her Officers to demand and receive, take and enjoy, such Fees as have been received by the like Office frme Fees as cers in the Island of Barbadoes on or before the First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and ?hcJ,k* ?ffic'r,.sixty-seven 5 provided that the Fees so taken are not contrary to the express Direction of any Act of Par111 °e,‘ Jiament made in Great Britain; and that the said Officers in Senegambia shall, upon the Refusal of Payment of such Fees, have and be intituled to the same Remedy for the Recovery thereof, as has been heretofore allowed to any Collector or other Officer of the Customs in any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations; any Law, Bye-law, or other Act of Council or Assembly, made in the said Province of Governor and Senegambia to the contrary notwithstanding; and, in all Cases whatsoever, every Governor or Command-CommandmgOf-ing Officer in the said Province is hereby directed to be aiding and assisting to the said Officers in the thTf«i"officeiift^uc Execution of their Offices: And if any Officer of His Majesty's Customs of Senegambia shall erect:* in the Execution require, or receive, any other or greater Fees than such as are herein allowed to be taken, he shall, for ofthcir Duty. the First Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; One Moiety of which Penalty shall be to His iVla-

Penalty of exact.jesty, His Heirs, and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Person or Persons aggrieved thereby, who ing g cater Fees. sue for the f*ame in proper Court of Senegambia \ and for the Second Offence he shall forfeit his Place, and be for ever after incapable of executing any Office or Employment in the Customs.

Chute in Act 5

VII. And whereas by an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled*

Geo. c. 40. x in yffl jQr grating to His Majesty a certain Sum of Mones out of the Sinking Fund; for applying cert aim

Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and six ty-five; fr further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; for allowing to the Bee ivers-general of the I ‘ Duties on Offices and Employments in Scotland a Reward for their Trouble; and for allowing further Time

to such Persons as have omitted to make and fie Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; it was recited, that by an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, certain Duties were laid upon Offices and Employments, and the

Monies thereby arinng, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, were directed to be paid at Lain*

burgh to such Person or Persons as the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer of Great Britain for the Time being, should constitute and appoint to be Receiver-general or Receivers thereof,

for His Majesty's Use; but no Provision had been made, or Authority given, for allowing any Compensation, or granting any Reward, to such Receiver or Receivers, for his or their Trouble in the receiving the said Monies, and in the paying and accounting for the same: And it was therefore enacted,

That it should and might be lawful to and for such Receiver or Receivers to retain, out of the Monies which had been and should be paid into his or their Hands in pursuance of the said Act, such Sum, as 4 a Compensation or Reward for his or their Trouble, as His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors should appoint, not exceeding Three-pence in the Pound: And whereas the said Allowance of Three-pence in the Pound is little more than sufficient to defray the Expence of an Agent in London, to receive and negotiate the Bibs by which the Monies arising from the aforesaid Duty are remitted from Edinburgh,'i'tid to pay the same into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, and also to defray such other fir.all contingent Expences as must necessarily attend the raising and collecting thereof; whereby the ‘ Intention of the before recited Act is frustrated, and the said Receiver or Receivers hath or have a very inadequate Provision or Reward for his or their own Service in raising and collecting the said Duties:* ^wanccof ro"l.^c xt t'v-rc^ore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he lawful to and for the Re-p;r Apn.rradctJccjvcr or Receivers of the said Duty to retain, out of the Monies that have been and shall be paid intat the Receivers- his or their Hands in pursuance of the before mention d Act of the Thirty-first Year of His late Ma-. rnPrJ ofth.-Fu-jjfty King George the Second, over and above the Allowance ef Threepence in the Pound granted by Err»^m*nu3in 1 ^c before recited Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, such farther Sum as His Majesty* His Scotland?'*16 ,n Heirs, and Successors, by his or their Warrant or Warrants, countersigned by the High Treasurer,

any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall appoint, not exceeding One hundred Pounds per Annum, as a Compensation or Reward for his or their Trouble.

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 41. 629

VIII. And whereas by an Act made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Ptrfervation of Roots, Shrubs, and Plants, it was amongst other Things, enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who, from and after the Twenty-Fourth Day of June, One thousand. (

seven hundred and sixty-six, fliolild go into the Woods, Underwoods, or Wood Grounds, of any

bf His Majesty's Subjects, not being the lawful Owner or Owners thereof, and should there cut, lop,

top or spoil, split down or damage, or otherwise destroy any Kind of Wood or Underwood, Poles,

Sticks of Wood, Green Stubs, or Young Trees, or carry or convey away the same; or should have in his, her, or their Custody, any Kind of Wood, Underwood, Poles, Sticks of Wood, Green Stubs, or Young; Trees, and should not give a satisfactory Account how he, she, or they, came by the tme, and should be thereof convicted before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace*

on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnftles, should, for the First Offence, forfeit and pay immediately on Conviction, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, together with the Charges previous to and attending such Conviction, to be ascertained by the said Justice or Justices who should convict the Offender or Offenders; and if any Person or Persons should commit any of the Of- fences aforesaid a Second Time, and should be thereof again convicted in Manner aforesaid, he, Ihe,

or they should forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, together with the Charges previous to and attending such Conviction, to be ascertained as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons mould commit any of the Offences aforesaid a Third Time, that then, such Person and Per- Tons, being duly convicted thereof according to Law, ftiouM be deemed and adjudged an incorrigible Rogue or Rogues, and should be punished as such: And whereas great Destruction hath of late been made of Hollies, Thorns, and Quicksets, growing upon His Majesty's Forests and Chaces within this Kingdom, to the great Prejudice of His Majesty's Deei\ and other Game therein; and also of Hollies*

Thorns, and Quick sets, growing in the Woods and Wood Grounds of His Majesty's Subjects, For the better preven ing such evil Practices and Abuses for the future,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, the The mitrj said Clause in the said Act t made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and all and every theciaufr.andaiith* Penalties, Forfeitures, and Punishments, thereby inflicted, and all other Provisions, Clauses, Matters,;pcnJ;TifS> &r* and Things, relating thereto, shall extend, and be deemed, taken, and construed to extend, and shall be*rea: applied and put in Execution, in relation to all His Majesty's Forests and Chaces within this Realm; and an:j app!jecMo all to all and every Person or Persons who shall, without legal Right or Authority, by Night or Day, His Majesty's cut down, destroy, take, carry, or convey away, any Hollies, Thorns, or Quicklets, growing or being Fordls aBd upon any of His Majesty's laid Forests or Chaces, or within the Woods or Wood Grounds of any of

His Majesty's Subjects; or who shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession any such Hollies, or^ury.ng^way* ThoVns, or Quicksets, and shall not give a satisfactory Account how he, she, or they came by the same, any Hollies, and shall be thereof convicted before any One or moie of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in the Man-Thoin?» or ner prefc:ibed and directed by the said Act ;.and such Justice or Justices is or are hereby authorised to ad " ^c ' p. minister Oaths, and proceed in the like Manner for the Conviction and Punishment of every Offender having* in the Premises, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the several Provisions in the said in rheir Custody* Act had been herein particularly repeated and applied to the Offences herein before specified. for which they

cannot satisfa<f>crljy account.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Conviction and Convictions ofconvitfionofOf-

all and every Offender and Offenders against this Act, shall be certified by the Justice or Justices of the friers to be ccr-Peace, before whom the same shall be made, to the next General Quarter-sessions of the Peace to be filed *

amongst the Records of the said Sessions; and that such Conviction shall be fairly written on Parchment rtC,~ *

or Pap »r in the following Form of Words (as the Case shall happen) or in any other Form of Words

to the like Effect; that is to say.

To wit.1 12 E it remembered. That on the Day of in the Year

JD AB was, upon the Complaint of CD, convicted before of the Justices of the F^rm ofthcCon*

Peace for in pursuance of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty Vlt

King George the Third, for (as the Case {bull be.)

Given under Hand and Seal the Day and Year above written*

Which said Conviction shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes; and shall not be Not, Iab,*f0; qunshed, set aside, or judged void or'insuffic ient, for want of auy Form or Words whatsoever, nor to or ,c~

liable to be removed by Certiorari into His Majesty's Court of Kings Benchi but shall be deemed and taken ' to be final to all Indents and Purposes whatsoever.

X. And whereas a considerable Quantity of that Species of Barley, commonly called Bigg, of the B-g? mt ww«-4 Growth of the Islands of Orkney, is now in the Hands of the Owner and Occupiers of Lands in the said Q’ soorQ^amr* 4 Islands, which from its inferior Quality is altogether unfit for any Houshold Uses; and if not permittedthe^iflMofChJc

to be exported to Portugal and other Places for the Feeding of Mules and Horses (the only Use thisM° *"

Species of Grain is fit for) will be entirely loft.to the Owners: For Remedy whereof,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs, and Succcffrs, by Or-^ be der or Orders to be made in Council for that Purpose, under such Limitations and Restrictions as fivall bc p*e|ird..r cer. expressed in such Order or Orders, to permirand authorise the Exportation of* any Quantity or Quantities m.n

- oftrom ifac Pwri

Anno nono Georgii III.

A.D. ^64.

[Preamble,

4 Geo. 3. c. 13.

630 C. 41,43.

Kirkwall, to of fmh Barley or Bigg, not deriding Fire thousand Qtiattcn, of <ho Growth of the Islands of Orhttyt Portugal; from the Port of Kirkwall, to the Kingdom «f or eli'ewhere i smjr Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding’

but nr.Bo mty to xi. Provided nevertheless, Thtt no Bounty or Allowance whatsoever shall be granted or paid in ted lowedthcre^pca such Barley or Bigg CICportt;d aforesaid.

CAP. XLII.

Act for explaining, attending, and continuing an Act made in the Second Year of the Reigrif of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain* amend* and reduce into One Act of Parliament* the several Laws now in being* relating to the Raising and Training the Militia with* in that Part of Great Britain called England*

WHEREAS a well regulated Militia is of the titmost Importance to the internal Defence of this Country; And whereas the Laws now in Force for the training and regulating the Militia, which are by Experience found to be ufefol and beneficial, are near expiring Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and C>raraoa$, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an s« mmh of the Act passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend and re-frvrrai AOs of a« <juce jnl0 One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being relating to the Raifine and Train- 3. c. 20. 4 fog the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England/ or so much of the said Act as is

now in Force, and not herein or hereby repealed; and also an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the said Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Second Y^ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain* amend* and reduet into One Act af Parti ament* thefiitral Lows now in being* relating to the R^ifing and Training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England,’ or fe much of the said Act as is now in torcc, and not herein or hereby repealed; and I Geo. 3. C. 34 also so much of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia ia that Part of Great Britain called England* for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of Marth* One thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and for puniming Militia Men negfeding their Duty/ as is now in Force, and not herein or hereby repealed; and another Aaand also so much of an Act passed hi the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, Aa f5 Geo. 3. c. 3*. Ad to explain, amend, and enforce the several Taws now m befog* relating to the Rarfing and Train- fog the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England* as is now in Force, and not herein « Geo. 3. c. 30. or hereby repealed; and also so much of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign,

intituled, An Act for applying the Motwy granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the

Charge of the Pay and CJoathfog of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England* for One Year,

~ One thousand seven hundred and sixty-six; and for ex-

edual several Acts of Parliament passed in the Second, Reign of His present Majesty relating to the Raising and Training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England* as is now in Force, and not herein or hereby

7 Geo. 3.0. 15. repealed; and also so much of an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for giving further Time to His Majesty's Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, Justices, and Clerks of the Peace, and others, for carrying into Execution certain Parts of an Act passed in the last Session, for Pay and Cloathing of the Militia; and for indemnifying such Lieutenants and Clerks of the Peace, and others, who have negteded to carry such Parts of the said Act into Execution/ as may be now in Force; and also so much of one other Act passed in the Seventh Year of the said mother of 7 Reign, intituled, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Geo. 3. c. 17. at4 Part of Great Britain called England* for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March* One re now reipec thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven; for the more effedoal punishing Serjeants, Drummers, and

( E'ifpro Cf\r MifkokniMAiir *%r>A anrl for I ri n or T^of.rfprc frr»m tK. Militio T? pnrim.nfc on A fni*

and not hereby

ate made perpe- repealed, (all which Ada, or Parts or Ckufes of A Sis* are now near expiring) shall be and are hereby made perpetual.

II. And whereas the Qualifications of Deputy Lieutenants and Officers ferviou in the Militia, directed and required in and by the Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, hath been found inconvenient and detrimental to the Service, by rendering it difficult to obtain a sufficient Number of

Repeal

Deputy Lieutenants to ad in the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia, and of Subaltern Of-l of so c ficers to the several Corps of Militia now raised: And whereas it would be of great Advantage to that of ASi < Service, if the Otialifirafirui* rennired hv the said Afi for Deoil tv Lieutenants and Subaltern Officers

__________~ to eive 10 the ruoucx, on me w noie, a greater occuruy

tieuuoanta and foid Ad of the Second Yw of His present Majesty's Kcign, a* requires and directs the Qualification of Offices, and the Deputy

A.D. 1769. Anno none Georgii III. c. 42. 63*

Deputy Lieutenants' and Officers serving in the Militia, and tht Register of fiiek Qualification* and tfoR*1*1’ ? th*v fiufitaJ Matter* and Things relating thereon* shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be repealed Q»a!»ficatio*t.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the pafitogof this Act* each Person so to bc ap-Qosiification.np-

k>ng Term of Years* determinable on One or uacre Life or Lives? in Manors*

Mefiuagea, Lands* Tenements, or Hereditaments in England* Wales, or the Town of Berwkk up*

Tuned* of the Yearly value of Two hundred Pounds; or shall be Hair Apparent of same Person wher ftuil be, in like Manner, seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the Yearly Vaiue ot Fotnf hundred Pounds: And each Person so to be appointed a, Colonel* shall be* in tike Manner, seised or pof-CoIonel, felled of a like Eftaie as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of One thousand Pounds: or shall be Heir Apparent of feme Ptrfott who shall he, in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Effete as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of Two thousand Pounds.: And each Person so to be appointed a Lirvtenant Colonel, (haiiututeniat Cobs* ka like Mannar* seised of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Valued Six handrtd Pounds;, otJiond,

shall be Heir Apparent of feme Person who shall be* in like Manner seised or possessed of a like? Eftato act aforesaid, of the yearly Value of One thousand two hundred Pounds: And each Person so to be appawned a Major, or a Captain, shall be, m like Manner, seised or possessfed of »lilet Estate as aforesaid? or Cap-

of the yearly V alu* of Two hundred Pounds; or shall be Heir Apparent of feme Person who shall be, mu,n»

Cke Manner, seised or possessed of a like Effete as aforesaid* of the yearly Value of Four hundred Pound*;» or (hajlb* a youngpr Son of feme Person who shall be, or, at the Time of his Death, was* in like Manner* seised or possessed of a like Effete as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of Six*hundred Pounds*:

And, that each Person so to be appointed Lieutenant, shall be*, in like Manner* frofcdor possessed of a Li—itumv

like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of Fifty Pounds; or shall be poieffod of a Personal Effete

alone to th* Aramm* of One thou fend Pounds* or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Effete together

to the Amount or Value of Two thousand Pound$;, or shall be Son of ferae Person, who shall be* or*

at the Time of his Death, was* m like Manner* seised or possessed of a like Effete*as aforesaid, of the

yearly Value of One hundred Pounds-; or who shall be, or who* at the Time of his Death; was, pof-

felled, of; a Pecfonal Effete alone :o the Amount of Two thousand Pounds, or seised or possessed of Real

tad Perianal Estate together to the Amount or Valuwof Three thousand Pounds: And that each Person

so to be appointed ai> Enfiga, shall he* in, like Manner^ seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid* *»& trip*}

of the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds; or IKalf be possessed of a Personal Elfete alone to tn« Amount of Five hundred Paunch, or seised or possessed) of Real and? Personal Elfete together to the Amount or

Value of One thousand Pounds* or flj^ll be Son of same Person; who shall be, or, at Hhr Time of his

Death, was, in like Manner* seised or possessed of a like Effete as aforesaid* of the yearly Valuer of

Fifty Pounds;, or who shall be* or who, at the Time of his Death, was possessed of a Peribnai Eflfcwo

alone to the Amount of One thousand Pounds, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Effete together, On«Moiety rft*

tathe Amount or Value of One thousand five hundred Pounds: One Moiety of which said Estates, w-

quired as Qualifications for each Deputy Lieutenant* Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel*, Major, and Cap. "

tain respectively, shall be situate or arising within such respective County* Riding, or Division* in wWc^ingwUhin0

he shall be appointed to serve. Countj.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That, for the Purposes of the respefitive Qualificacforts^iita

acquired, by this Act, the immediate Reversion. or Remainder of and in.Manors, Mefiu^es* Lands, Te- quIv*Jent to a nooients^or Hereditaments* which are leased for One Life, or for Two or Three Lives, or for any*' io?h Term of Years determinable, upon the Death of One Life, or of Two or Three Lives, on reserved

Rents, and which are, to the Lessee or Lessees* of the clear yearly Value of Three hundred Rounds* p°potu011* shall be deemed equal to an Estate herein before described as a Qualification of the yearly Vaiue of One hundred Pounds, and so in Proportion, be the said Qualification of a-greater or Ids Degree.

V. And be it enacted, That a Person possessed, either in Lawor Equity, for his own Ufraud Benefit*otWefrvWsfcf* in Possession of an Effete for a certain Term, originally granted for Twenty Years or more, of an* Annual Qu»iie«dwW Value, over and above all Rems and Charges payable out of, or in respect of the same^ equal to thei>ey.JJjytsnaam Value of such an Estate as is required for the Qualification of a Deputy: Lieutenant, and Commissioned,0®*mi Officer of the Militia respectively and: situate as aforesaid shall be, and is hereby deemed and declared

to be duly and sufficiently qualified to act and serve under such respective Commission.

[Nbmbef of Dep,

VI. And be it enacted, that in the several Counties of Cumberland, Huntingdon, Monmouth, Westmoreland, and Rutland, and of every County and Place in the Dominion of Wales respectively, there LieuiefUI>tl» shall be Five or more Deputy Lieutenants appointed (iffo many Persons qualified as herein after ex- A-

pressed can be therein found; and the Estates requisite for the Q^rali Scat ion of the: respective Deputy ment, for iht

eb

vyiic uunurcu aiiu uiiy jt oiuius, w lu-i 1 dc xxeir /\pp-rein 10 a tenon who mail uc, in use ivtan uer, p * seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of Three hundred Pounds: A Colonel morimd, Rut-shall be, in like Manner, seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of Six him- Und, and Wa?c»; dxed Pounds; or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person who shall be in like Manner, lei fed or possessed of a Qualification ofa like Effete as aforesaid* of the yearly Value of One thousand two hundred Pounds: A Lieutenant1>?* L,tenlnt Colonel* or Major Commandant, (lull, by in like Manner, feii^or possesscdof ^like Estate aa afore-

a said, #

and Ensign:

632 ' 6. 42. Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1*769.

Lieutenant Co- said, of the yearly Value of Four hundred Pounds; or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person who shall be, l0"®1* in lilce Manner, seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of Eight hundred

Wajor, or Cap- pouncjs: A Major or Captain shall be, in like Manner, seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, ta‘n* of the yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds; or shall be Son of a Person who shall be, or, at

the Time of his Death was, in like Manner, seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Lieutenant, Value of Three hundred Pounds: A Lieutenant shall be, in like Manner, seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of Thirty Pounds; or who shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, to the Amount of Six hundred Pounds; or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of One thousand two hundred Pounds; or shall be the Son of a Person who shall be, or, at the Time of his Death was, in like Manner, seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of Sixty Pounds; or who shall be, or who, at the Time of his Death was, possessed ofva Personal Estate alone, to the Amount of One thousand two hundred Pounds; or seised or noflcfled of Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of Two thousand Four hundred Pounds: An Ensign shall be, in like Manner, seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds; or who shall be posse fled of a Personal Estate alone, to the Amount of Three hundred Pounds; or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of Six hundred Pounds; or shall be the Son of a Person who shall be, or, at the Time of his Death was, in like Manner, seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of Thirty Pounds; fica ions toor w^io be, or who, at the Time of his Death was, possessed of a Personal Estate alone, to the Amount befitoarcin or a-°f Six hundred Pounds; or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or rising within Value of One thousand two hundred Pounds: One Half of all which respective Estates (except those for their rdpcOive' the Qualifications of Lieutenants and Ensigns) shall be situate or arising within such respective County Counties* or Rjdipjr in which such Officers shall be respectively appointed to serve.

Whereao Persons

VII. Provided always, That in such Counties where Twenty Persons cannot be found qualified as ?ina, toCJdt« De- aforesaid, and willing to act as Deputy Lieutenants, it may and shall be lawful for His Majesty's Lieute-puty Lieutenantsnant of any such County, and he is hereby required, after having appointed so many Persons as can be cannot I. found, found qualified as aforesaid, to appoint such Number of Persons to be Deputy Lieutenants as shall bere-the Difficitncy isquisite to make up the Number Twenty, who shall respectively be seised or possessed of a like Estate of P rfoodfC upost^e yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, and situate as aforesaid; and every such Person shall be, and fcrior*aiirtcaTiiIS hereby deemed and declared to be duly and sufficiently qualified to adfc and serve under such respective on. Commissions.

Qualification re-

VIII. And be it enacted, That the Estates requisite for the Qualification of the Deputy Lieutenants and quisite for the iflc Officers of the Militia in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, shall be as follows; A Deputy bridge aXCfbTa^‘eutenant be or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of One hundred

Deputy L?«utt- and fifty P.ounds; or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall be, in like Manner, seised or pof-

antj sessed ot a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of Three hundred Pounds: A Captain shall be,

Captain, in like Manner, seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of One hundred Pounds;

or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person who shall be, in like Manner, seised or possessed of a like Efta e, as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds; or shall be a younger Son of some Person who shall be, or, at the Time of his Death was, in like Manner, seised or possessed of a like Estate Lieutenant, as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of Three hundred Pounds: A Lieutenant shall be, in like Manner, seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of Thirty Pounds; or shall be possessed of.a Personal Estate to the Amount of Six hundred Pounds; or shall be Son of some Person who shall be,

or, at the Time of his Deatirwas, in like Manner, seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the

yearly Value of Sixty Pounds; or who shall be, or, at the Time of his Death was, possessed of a Personal and Ensigns Estate to the Amount of One thousand two hundred Pounds: An Ensign shall be, in like Vanner, seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds; or shall be pof-A Moiety of the Felled of a Personal Estate to the Amount of Three hundred Pounds; or shall be the Son of some Person Qualifications who shall be, or, at the Tim* of his Death was, in like Manner, seised or possessed of a like Estate as (exceptofLieute-aforesaid, of the yearly Value of Thirty Pounds; or who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was, possessed of a Personal Estate to the Amount of Six hundred Pounds: One Half of all which Estates (ex-

* Cimiri.ige. >ceP* those for the Qualifications of Lieutenants and Ensigns) shall be situate or riling within the said Isle of Ely, or some other Part of the County of Cambridge.

tenants be enacted, that in all Cities or Towns which are Counties within themselves, and have

such eincsVrriheretofore been empowered, by Law or ancient Usage, to raise and train a separate Militia within their T win as are teveral Precincts and Liberties, and which are united with, and made Part of any County or Counties within for the Purposes of railing the Militia only; His Majesty's Lieutenant of such Cities or '

Counties within for the Purposes of railing the Militia only; His Majesty's Lieutenant of such Cities or Towns, or, *nd where there is no Lieutenant appointed by His Majesty, the Chief Magistrate of such City or Town appointed.10 appoint Five or more Deputy Lieutenants (if so many Persons qualified as is herein after exp re fled

can therein be found] and shall also appoint Officers of the Militia, whose Number and Rank shall be proportionable to the Number of Militia Men which such City or Town shall raise as their Q<cta, towards the Militia of the County to which such City or Town is united for the Purposes aforesaid; the 4>^nsCofCiy^1 ification of which Officers respectively shall be as is herein after mentioned; and all Powers and Pro-^'vilions made by this Act, with relpeil to Counties at large, and the Militia thereof, and the registering the Qualifications of Deputy Lieutenants and Officers, shall take Place and be in Force with respetft to

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 42V 633

the said Cities and Towns, and the Militia thereof, and the registering the said Qualifications: And the Coun-,e* at Value of the respective Qualification of the Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia of such Cities thei^r or Towns shall be as follows; Every Deputy Lieutenant shall be foiled or possessed of a like Estate a$&Jc< tended \o aforesaid, of the yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds; or shall be poiTciled of a Personal Ef-the Uid Cvia tate alone, or lei fed or polTeifed of Real and Personal E hue together, to the Amount or Value of Threeand 'r°wni: thousand Pounds: And every Field Officer shall respectively be Fifed or possessed of a like Estate as afore-S^th^DcjIut said, of the yearly Value of Three hundred Pounds; or shall be poftlfild of a Personal Estate alone, or Leuienano07 seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of Five thousand Pounds :thereof, and of And the Qualification of a Captain shall be a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of One bun-the Fi? d offi-dred and Fifty Pounds, in Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Personal Ef- Caota.ns,

tate alone, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of Two^'g^"^. thousand five hundred rounds: And the Qualification of a Lieutenant shall be a like Estate as aforesaid,^1 Mo?etynof of the yearly Value of Thirty Pounds, in Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Heredi.aments, chdr Qjaiihca-or Personal Estate alone, to the Amount or Value of Seven hundred and fifty Pounds: And the Quali-up (exceptof fication of an Ensign shall be a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, inMa-ban* nors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Personal Estate alone, to the Amount or Value of Four hundred Pounds: One Half of all which Real Estates respectively (except those for the Cutes or Towns, Qualification of Lieutenants and Ensigns) shall be situate or arising within such City or Town, or with-or the County at in the County at large to which such City or Town is united for the Purposes aforesaid. ,ar&c*

X. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained in respect to the Qualification of Lieu- Adjutants, tenants and Ensigns of the Militia shall extend, or be construed to extend, to such Person as shall be ap- cd L^utcnam^or pointed an Adjutant of any Regiment or Battalion of Militia, and shall also be appointed a Lieutenant or Enf.gnVare ex-Ensign in such Regiment or Battalion; but that it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty's Lieutenant, cepted out of the in and for any County or Place, to give to such Person appointed an Adjutant, a Commission of a Lieu-gfne al tenant, or an Ensign, although such Person hath not the Qualification for such Commission as is hereincan#n* directed and required.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the several Qualifications herein above directed, shall Thff) Prc^nt not extend, or be construed to extend, to any Person who is now actually serving as an Officer in the^at^ca "j t# Militia of this Kingdom; but that every such Person, being duly qualified, as in and by the former Laws oncers now relating to the Militia is directed and required, shall and may continue to serve in the Militia of this King- actually I'ervinj dom, in such Rank only in which he now serves, although not qualified as herein before is directed. in the

XII. And be it enacted, That the Qualifications above directed to enable any Person to be a Deputy nor *° Deputy

Lieutenant, Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major, Captain, or Lieutenant, shall not extend to such ~iutcnanl*aDd' Commissions as shall be granted by His Majesty's Constable of the Tower, or Lieutenant of the ‘

Hamlets. ’ Constable of the

Tower, or Lietenant of the Tower Hamlets,

XIII. And be it enacted, That no Deputy Lieutenant, or Commission Officer in the Militia, who shall Persons who not have delivered in a Qualification, as required by any of the former Acts relating to the Militia, shall have not delivered as such, until he shall have left with the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, or

Place, in and for which he shall be so appointed, his Qualifications in Writing, signed by himself; and Jntl to^orm/r^ such Clerk of the Peace is hereby required to enter the same upon a Roll to be kept for that Purpose; Acts, arediiqua-and shall, in the Month of "January in every Year, transi.it to One of His Majesty's Principal Secre- ,rom taries of State a compleat Account of the Qualifications so left or to be left with him; and the said Secre- V,1.1 comply, taries of State, receiving such Accounts, shall cause Copies thereof to be annually laid before both Houses p,ce to uanf-6f Parliament: And every Deputy Lieutenant and Commission Officer, not having already taken and nut to One of subscribed the Oaths, and made, repeated, and subscribed the Declaration as required by the former Acts the Secretaries of relating to the Militia, shall, at forne General Quarter-sessions, or in One of His Majesty's Courts of Re- State annual cord at Westminster, within Six Months nfter he shall have accepted his Commission, take the Oaths in and ~ccTfinrr «,° by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of his Majesty King Georgette First, intituled, ‘An Act for^olle/with the further Security of His Majesty's Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the him: Copies ‘ Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended ,aid before ‘Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors;’ and also the Oath in and by an Act passed in the£arl, acn^. f Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ‘An Act for altering the Oath of Abjuration D^tyTicute- ‘ and the A flu ranee: and for amending so much of an Act of the Seventh Year of Her late Majesty tenant* and Of-‘ Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Improvement and the Union of the Two Kingdoms, as, after the Timeficcrg, who h*v« ‘ therein limited, requires the Delivery of certain Lifts or Copies therein mentioned to Persons indidtedon, itt^ ir» to ‘ of High Treason or Misprision of Treason,’ appointed to be taken; and shall also make, repeat, and the 0alhs» subscribe the Declaration in the said Act of the First of King George the First, directed to be made, re-Act x Geo. 1. peated, and subscribed, by all Officers Civil and Military. c. 13. and 6

XIV. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall execute any of the Powers hereby conferred onGcp- 3- c. 51-Deputy Lieutenants, Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, or Majors, not being qualified as aforesaid; or shall looJ Li not defiver in such Qualification, and take the Oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe the Declaration ^nan"^ Co!o-U* aforesaid, as is herein before required; every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred i ds, Le»tcn*nt Pounds: And if any of the Persons shall execute any of the Powers hereby conferred on Captains, Lieute- Colonels, or nants, or Ensigns, (not being qualified as aforesaid) and shall not deliver in such Qualification, and take

the Oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe the Declaration aforesaid, as is herein before required, every

V OL« X# 4 ^1 such Jivoinc In their

Qu.il ficjuon;

634 C. 42.

Anno nono Georgii III.

Ai 1D» 1769,

firs in Act 2 Geo. 3. c to ar.A 0tkv Acts.

r not taking such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds; such several Penalties to be recover-

and n* ec* Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Ca uins L?cu. Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Wager of Law, or Protection, or more than'One Imparlance shall be al-tmantf,’and En-lowed; One Moiety whereof shall go to the Use of the Person who shall sue for the same, and the other to be rc- Moiety to the Uses herein After dirtfted. covered determined by Ac-

XV. And be it enacted, That in every Action, Suit, or Information brought against: any Person for p^of1of Quilt* a*nS as Deputy Lieutenant, Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major, Captain, Lieutenant, or Ensign, on 11 ot being qualified as herein before is directed, the Proof of his Qualification shall lie upon the Person rh* Person fu«H: against whom the same is brought.

Peers, cr Heirs

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be.

0fC0*ru^ to extend, to restrain His Majesty's Lieutenant of any County, Riding, Division, or Place, anointed (rom appointing any Peer of this Realm, or Heir Apparent of any such Peer, to be a Deputy Lieutenant, Deputy, i.irute- or a Commission Officer in the Militia, within the County, Riding, Division, or Place wherein such runts or officers, Peer, or Heir Apparent of such Peer, shall respectively have some Place of Residence; or to oblige any ^t:hont deliver- peer of this Realm, or Heir Apparent of such Peer (so appointed a Deputy Lieutenant or Commission fcadoa respectively j to lea\e with the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, or Place,.

a 0J>* for which he shall be appointed, any Qualification in Writing as aforesaid; but it shall be lawful for every Peer of this Realm, or Heir Apparent of such Peer so appointed, and taking the Oaths, and making. Oaths'8 the repeating, and subscribing the Declaration aforesaid, to act as a Deputy Lieutenant cr Commission Of-al s> c* ficer respectively, although he shall not be seised or possessed of any such Estate in Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as is required by this Act. fcccit*] of cisu-

XVII. And whereas by an Act made in the Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

4. An Act to explain, amende and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the Raising and Training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England, it is enacted, That in all Counties and Places where the Militia shall not have been raised in pursuance of the-farme r Act relating thereto, and where it should not be raised in pursuance of the said Act, the Sum of Five Pound*

should be annually paid in lieu of every Private Man to be raised within the lame; and that the Juf-c' tices of the Peace, at the General Quarter-sessions, should rate and assess on such County or Place the said Sum of Five Pounds per Man, and levy and collect the same in the same Manner, in all Respects

as the County Rates are; by m Act of^he Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty Kin " George the Second, or any other Act or Acts mf Parliament, to be raised, anefled, collected, levied, paid, and accounted for; and that the said Rates and Sums so raised, afiefled, collected, and levied, should be paid by the Treasurer of such County to the Receiver-general thereof, whose Receipt should be a sufficient Discharge for such Payment: And whereas by several other Acts relating to the Militia, passed 4' in the Fourth, Fifih, and Sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, divers Provisions are made, ani Powers and Directions are given, for raising the said Sum of Five Pounds per Man, within all such Counties and Places wherein the Militia had not been raised, or should not be raised, and for enfotjrinj^ the Payment thereof: And whereas, notwithstanding the Diregions contained in the said several Acts,

several of the Counties within that Part of Great Britain called England, have neither raised any Mili- tia, nor paid the said Five Pounds per Man per Annum, according to the Directions of the said several Acts, whereby they'avoid contributing to the Support of Government with such Counties as have raised and trained the Militia in Compliance with the Directions of the said Act: And whereas it is just and reasonable, that all His Majesty's Subjects should contribute equally to the Support of His Majesty's r«ted Acts as ^Government* and the Defence of these Kingdoms;' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, btes to the raif-That so much of the said several in Part recited Acts as relates to the raising of the said Sum and Suras ing 5l. per Man, of Five Pounds perMan, within all such Counties and Places wherein the Militia hath not been raised, ^here the Mill Gr should not be raised, and to the enforcing the Payment thereof, shall be, and the same is hereby de-IlifaiVto Glared to be repealed.

Where the Miii-

XVIII. And be it enacted, That His MajestyV Lieutenant, or Three Deputy Lieutenants, for every. ,ui has been, or County or Place within that Part of Great Britain called England, where the Militia has been or shall be shall be raised, raised, shall yearly, and every Year, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of December, certify to the Cleric, thereof is'to* be Peace every County or Place respectively, that the Militia of such County or Place hath been_ Certified by the raised, and when and at what Time the same was first raised, the Names, Number, and Rank of Offi-N Lieutenant, &c. cers, and the Number of Private Men of the Militia in the Year when such Certificate is made, and the to the Clerk of respective Times of such Militia been trained and exercised in the Year in which such Certificate is made^. tb* *hCaCC be Certificate shall, by the Clerk of the Peace who shall receive the same, be delivered to the Justices

delivered by him°^ Peace at their General Quarter-sessions to be held next after the Twenty-fifth Day of December in to the next Ge- every Year, on the Day on which such Sessions shall be opened, and shall file the same araongst the Re-nerai Quarter- cords of such Sessions, so that the true State of the Militia in each County may appear.

fefliom, to be filed amongst the Records:

*Uk nhCTt Provided always, and be it enacted, That in every County and Place wherein no such Certificate -

made the clerk ^rom Majesty's Lieutenant, or Three Deputy Lieutenants, shall be delivered to the Clerk of the of the Peace is Peace as aforesaid, that the Clerk of the Peace of every such County or Place shall, and is hereby re— to certify such quired, at the General Quarter-sessions of the Peace to be held next after the Twenty-fifth Day, of Decern-Omrifion accord- her in every Year, to certify, under his Hand and Seal, to the Justices of the Peace so assembled at their *' said General Quarter-sessions, on the Day such Session shall be opened, that be hath not received from

Hit,

A.D. 1769. Anno irono Georgii III. c. 42. 635

Mis Majesty *s Lieutenant of the said County or Place, or any Three Deputy Lieutenants thereof, any»n<* file the such Certificate as is herein before directed to be by them made; and such Clerk of the Peace is hereby(imCt directed to file such Certificate amongst the Records of such Sessions.

XX. And be it enacted, That in all Counties and Places where the Militia shall not be raised, the where the Mu

Sum of Five Pounds shall be annually paid, for and in lieu of every Private Militia Man directed to be1'*'4 not bc raised wi.hin the same; and that in every County and Place where no such Certificate shall be made by Man!»to be"* His Majesty's Lieutenant, or Three Deputy Lieutenants, in Munner herein before directed, and the same nually paid in shall be certified by the Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, the Justices of the Peace of every such County lie» thereof; and or Place shall, and they are hereby required, at their said General Quarter-sessions of the Peace to ber? "here no Ccr-

h.Id next after the Twenty-fifth Day of December in every Year, to rate and act'efs the Sum of

Pounds per Man upon such County or Place, in such and the same Manner, and according to such and *eflion*

the fame Proportions upon every Town, Parish, and Place within each respective County and Place, rate the County and to be levied, collected, received, and paid, and to be accounted for in such Manner, and by such pr Place actord-Means, with such Powers of Distress, and other Remedies for enforcing the Collection and Payment1"*1?’ thereof, and for punishing all Persons whose Duty it shall be to collect or account for the same, and make Default therein, as the County Rates have been usually, or may, by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled, 1 An Act for the easy assessing, collecting, and levying % of County Rates,* or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, be assessed, collected, received, levied, paid, and accounted for within the said County.

XXI. Provided always, That every Person, being duly qualified according to the Directions of this Officer* mho Act, who shall have served as an Officer in any Corps of Militia raised within the Kingdom for theblvc f"fed Four Space of Four Years; or who shall be actually serving as a Officer in any Corps of Militia; or shall offer himself, by Writing under his Hand, in Manner as in and by the said in Part recited Act of serving; or rtuU

the Second Year of His present Majesty is directed and required, to serve as an Officer in the Militia of«ffer to serve;

2ny County, Riding, or Place where the Militia hath not been raised, or shall not be raised, and shall be

ready and willing to serve, when required, in any Rank for which he is duly qualified, shall not be liable* exempted

to pay any Part or Share of such Rate or AffdTment, for raising the Sum of Five Pounds per Man, here-f,onJ pa[,nf l°-

in above directed to be raised; nor shall such Person, or any of His Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, wheresoever situated, be assessed or charged thereto; and the Defficiency thereby occasioned, filched thcicu>*

raising the whole Amount of such Sum or Sums of Five Pounds per Man on such County, Riding, or

Place, as is hereby directed and required to be raised, shall, in such Case, be allowed to such County, Allowing ro b#

Riding, or 1 lace, by deducting the Amount of the Sums which otherwise would have been charged andm*fe according-

assessed on such Person or Persons having served, or serving or offering to serve as aforesaid, or on his or1? in the

their Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, from the gross Amount of the Sum or Sums of Five Pounds for *uchPcr*°ns-

per Man herein before directed to be raised on such County, Riding, or Place which shall not have raised

the Militia, or which shall not continue to raise the Militia, pursuant to the Acts in this Case made and

provided.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Person who filial claim to have the Benefit of B<* Person*

such Exemption from such F*ate and Assessment as aforesaid, shall file a Certificate, as herein after is such mentioned, of such Service, or of his having offered to serve, as the Case may be, with the Clerk of the "^Afe

Peace for the County or Place wherein such Person shall claim to have such Exemption; and shall aJfocertificate* with deliver in to such Clerk of the Peace, from Time to Time as may be nec; flary, a Roll or Lift, signed the Clerk of the by such Persons claiming such Exemption, of his Tenants and Farmers, and the Places of their Abode: l>cacc> *nd dsh. which Certificate,'and Roll or Lilt, every such Clerk of the Peace shall, and he is hereby required forthwith

to file amongst the Records of Session; and whenever any Rate or Assessment is or shall be ordered to be^jparme*.* raisetl, levied, or collected within any County or Place for the Purposes of railing the Sum of Five Pounds which is ro be per Man, as by this Act is directed, such Clerk of the Peace shall, and is hereby required to certify tolled; and on the Treasurer or Treasurers, and High Constables of every such County or Place, the Names of all such Persons who shall have so filed such Certificates, and claimedduch Exemption, and the Names of their onheVaid Tenants and P'armers so inserted in such Roll or Lift; and such Treasurer or Treasurers, and High Con-fan* art to be" (tables, is and are hereby required to transmit such Certificate, and Roll or Lift, to the Petty Constableie to the of each Township or Place wherein the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of such Person claiming l rtfa1ut" ao4f to be exempted, are situate and lay; in order that such Person or Persons as are intitled thereto, and his and their Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall not be assessed or charged to such Rate or^j^h/cernfiV Assessment. '. cate and Roll f

’ tl e Pe ty Corftjble, that tkty may be exempted accordingly.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That every Lieutenant of any County or Place shall and he is hereby re-Certificates of quired to give, without Delay, unto every Person who shall have served as an Officer in the Militia fors*1? rl° £r the Term of Four Years, or who shall be actually serving as an Officer in any Corps of Militia, and who^'K?n7>r^r c« DialX request the same, a Certificate thereof, as the Case may be, and as many Certificates as such Person uu.r Exemption, may desire, in order to exempt him and his Land?, Tenements, and Hereditaments as aforesaid; and every such Lieu.cnant, or every Justice of the Peace, Chief Magistrate, and other Person or Persons, to1,;d a!so to whom any Person or Persons lo qualified as aforesaid, shall offer as aforesaid to serve as an Officer in thcj,"*n,"^vcwt* Militia, (nail, and he and they are hereby required to give, without Delay, in like Manner, a Certificate ° thereof, or as many Certificates thereof as shall be requisite for the Purposes aforesaid.

636 C. 42. Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

The ?iatfstc bs

XXIV. Provided a!so, That the Rates or Assessments which shall be maJe in pursuance of this Act, tVo^MVcther^ made, aifcflctf, levied, collected, received, and paid, separately and dillinftly from all the ot er

Count) Rates. Hates act'died and raised upon and within the said County 3 any 'idling in the said Act made in the Twelfth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding, h.va the Piro-

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Parochial iijI Ratesru eOfficers, or other Persons who shall pay, or be liable to pay the Rates or Assessments which shall be made 01 (h.» Oic-iion and rated for the Purposes of this Act, upon any Parish, Town, and Place, and also all such Parochial to be levied. Officers and Persons, upon whom any such Rate or AflftTment shall be levied, shall and may, from Time c‘ to Time, after Notice shall be given of the Amount of the Rate or Asseffinent upon such Town, Pa-

riih, or Place, either before the Payment thereof by such Parochial Officers or Persons, or after the same shall have been actually paid by, or levied upon such Officers or Persons, rate and levy such Monies by a f parate and distinct Rate and Assessment upon every such respective down, Parish, or Place, in such Manner and Proportion, and with such Powers for Recovery thereof, as any other County Rate Taunts vin maY a^e^ec^ or > and that every Tenant or Occupier of any House, Land, Tythe, Tenement or

de- Hereditament, who shall pay any Rate or Aflefment to be made in pursuance of this Act by such respective duti the same Parochial Officers or Persons, within any such Towns, Parishes, or Places, upon whom any such Rate om of their or Assessment shall be levied, shall and may deduct the same out of his or her Rent, and shall be acquit-Ruusj ted an(] discharged for so much Money as such Rates or Assessments shall, from Time to Time, amount

unto, as fully and effectually, as if such Money had been actually paid to the Person or Persons to whom such Rent is or shall be payable; and such Person or Persons is and are hereby required to allow, from Time to Time, such Deductions, upon Receipt of the Residne of the Rent, except *h-re

XXVI. Provided always, That nothing herein before contained shall vacate any Covenant or Agree-there »s a Cove- rnent between Landlord and Tenant; and that no Landlord of any Estate which shall not be let at a j11 t0orhwhc°re" ^ack"rentx shall be obliged or compellable to allow to any Tenant any Money which he or she shall pay the Lands are nottowar^ any &ate which shall be made in pursuance of this Act.

Jet at Rack Rent.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all Cases where a certain Number of Private The Penalty of Militia Men are directed to be raised for any County, together with any City or Town being a County 5l. per Man, forcf itself, and the Militia has not been, or shall not be raised for such County, and City or Town; the Apportionment Payment of the said Sum of Five Pounds per Man, upon the whole Number of Private Militia Men so of the Militia directed to be raised as aforesaid, shall be divided and apportioned between such County and such City or fretted for any Town being a County of itself, in such Proportion as the respective Quotas paid to the Land-tax by the County with said County, and by the said City and Town being a County of itself, bear to each other; unless the Cit^or Town Apportionment of the said Number of Private Militia Men shall actually have been made in nurfuance of bciing°a County the Lifts directed to be returned by the said former Acts, or by this present Act; in which Case the said ( of itself, is to be Sum of Five Pounds per Man shall be borne by such County, and by such City or Town being a Coun-paid according to tv of itself, in such Proportion as the respective Number of Men so apportioned to be raised by such their respective (jounty, and determined by such City or Town, bear to each other.

Land-tax^un- XXVIII; And whereas there are several Cities, Towns, and Places, in many Counties and Ridings, Jess where the which do not contribute to the Payment of the said Rate called The County Rate; by reason whereof Militia shall Doubts may arise, whether such Cities, Towns, and Places can be legally rated or assessed cowards the have been raised < Payment of the said Sum and Sums of Five Pounds per Man, in pursuance of the Directions of this* and rotln the*': And whereas it is just and reasonable that all such Cities, Towns, and Places should bear an equal

?ther. 4 Share and Proportion of Five Pounds per Man with each County, Riding, or Division, within which

and to with re- 4 such Cities, Towns and Places may happen to lie :* Be it therefore enacted, That in all Cases where the iprrtto Coun. Militia has not been raised, or shall not at any Time hereafter be raised for any County, Riding, or Divi-ties^nd such flon^ within which any City, Town, or Place shall not be rated to the said Rate called The Comity Rat\ and PlacesPayment of the said Sum of hive Pounds ter Min upon the whole Number of Private Militia Men mt rateable to directed to be raised within every County or Place, shall be divided and apportioned between each re-the County Rate, spective County, Riding, or Division, and each such respective City, Town, and Place, within the same, the Polity i*ioas shall not contribute to the said Rate called The County Rate, in such Proportion as the respective beiwrcn them jnPa,(* to Land 1 ax by each respective County, Riding, or Div ifion, and by each such respective City, like Manner 5 Town, and Place, bear to each other; and the respective Sum and Sums so ascertained and apportioned, onuto ic r-ifed shall be raj fed by a separate Rate and Assessment, to be made within each such respective Town and Place,

» y a legate in like Manner as the Rates for the Relief of the Poor are made; to be levied and collected within each r *M*Raie* hich re!pev^’ve City, Town, and Place, not rated to the Rate called The County Rate, by such Ways and and to be*plid Means, and with such Powers and Regulations for levying, collecting, and keeping the (amc distinct, as Over to tiK 1 u b are prescribed in this Act for such respective County or Place; and the Churchwardens and Overseers of htk. Ticaiunr, the Poor of each such respective City, Town, and Place, shal), from Time to Time, pay over the same ajU ty h.m io to Treasurer or Treasurers of every County or Fluce within which any such City, Town, and Place,

l.c'jl'CU VU~tC as aforeTa,cU hes; in order that the said Treasurer or Treasurers may pay over the same to the Receiver- ‘ ‘ general of the said County or Place, together with the Proportion of the said Sum of Five Pounds \laa

directrd to be raised, levied, and paid, within each County or Place by this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in such Cities, Towns, and Places, as are Counties of thrm-purfjca lu such Ihlves, and yet have no such Rate or Assessment as is called The Coun'y Rate9 nor any Powers or Directions

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III.

G. 42. 637

for raising, levying, orcollecting the Proportion of the said Sum of Five Pounds per Man, to be raised by citIee> Towns» the County to which the said Cities, Towns, or Places are united for the Purposes aforesaid; the Directions arc

herein before given for raising, levying, and collecting the Proportion, and the said Sum of Five Pounds thTmichVs, and per Man, within such Cities, Towns, and Places, as do not contribute to the County Rate, shall be pur-have no County /tied and followed in all such Cities, Towns, or Places as are Counties of themselves. R-te.

XXX. And whereas in fume Parts of the Kingdom there are Towns whi.h lie in Two Counties 51*1 Towns lying

c and Doubts may arise, whether such Towns are obliged to pay to both Counties the Sum of Five Pounds in,v,'Cjun: es* 4 in lieu of every Private Militia Man which shall not be raised by such Counties ;* be it therefore enacted, c

That where any Town lies in Two Counties, it shall be lawful for the said Town to contribute their that County only Sjhiotay for and in lieu of raising the Militia, for that County only where the Church of the said Town is where their situate; and the Deficiencies of the Rate, which the said Town would have paid, shall be made up by the Church (lands. County in general, and not by the Division or Hundred where the said Town is situated.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Sum or Sums of Money which ought to be paid by any T0^oM?ir such City, Town, or Place, not rated to the County Rate as aforesaid, shall not be paid to the Treasurer no^Cont/.huiori of the respective County cr Place before the First Day of June in every Year, according to the true Intent t« the County and Meaning of this Act; the Justices of the Peace for such County or Place in which such City, Town, R-ue, shall not or Place doth lie, shall, and they are hereby required at their next Midsummer Quarter-sessions, to issue outPax lhc, T Q;oU an Order to the Overseers of the Poor of each respective Parish or Place within such City, Town, and

Place, not rated to the County Rate as aforesaid, requiring such Overseers to certify and return to the said j.Xccs, at Justices at the next Michaelmas Quarter-Oflions, the several Quota’s that each Parish or Place (within such their JViWura-Ctly, Town, or Place, riot paying to the County Rates as aforesaid) pays to the Land-tax for that Year; mer Sefli<nst and such Overseers of the Poor are hereby required to make such Certificate and Return accordingly; and

upon such Certificate and Return being made, the said Justices, so assembled at their Michaelmas Quarter-sessions, are hereby authorised and reauired (by their Warrant, directed to any Constable or Tythingman chaeimas sefliorv within such respective Parishes and Places) to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods the rcf>eaive and Chattels of any Churchwarden or Churchwardens, or any Overseer or Overseers of the Poor, of eachQ,ota s "* each and every Parish or Place within such City, Town, or Place, not paying to the County Rate as aforesaid, ir»lh,&c. rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after such Sum ?r wamn'^ihere-Sums of Money, together with the reasonable Charges attending such Distress and Sale, shall be fully paid* icvvin5 and satisfied; and such Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor shall be reimbursed the Sum and Sums the lam? «» the of Money so levied on them respectively, by the same Ways and Means as Overseers of the Poor are reim- Churchwardens bursed the Money by them expended for the Relief of the Poor by any Law now in being. wh^are^o be re-

;mbursed at by a Poor-Rate.

XXXII. Provided nevertheless, That if the Militia shall be raised in the Manner appointed by virtue of ll'c lVI li" this Act, in all or any of the said Counties and Places, such respective Counties and Places shall, during the the Voiln-Time the Militia are so raised, be exonerated, freed, and discharged from the Payment of the said Sums > ty Udischar^od and the Assessments to be made in resp. & thereof shall, during such Time, be suspended; anything herein trom paying. contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And it is hereby enacted, That in every County and Place, wherein the Sum of Five Pounds Where the Pe-per Man shall have been assessed and raised in Manner as is herein before directed, the Justices of the Peace n*by haf b€Cn of every such County and Place shall, without Dcla^, cause such Sum and Sums of Money to be paid raised

to the Receiver-general of the Land-tax for such County and Place, in Manner as herein after is ney i,\0 bepaief directed and required; which Lid Sum or Sums of Five Pounds per Man, when paid as herein after is di-over forthwith reded and required, shall be, and is hereby declared to be, in full Discharge for the Neglect and Failure, ro lEe Receiver for not having raised and train d the Militia for such County or Place for the Year then next preceding. feneral-

XXXIV. And it is hereby enacted, That the Treasurer or Treasurers for each such respective County Treafaiwtopijr or Place, who shall receive the said Sum of h ive Pounds per Man, shall, and is and are hereby required for<^7u'cd withTa^ pay the same to the Receiver-general of the Land-tax for such County or Place, within One Calendar, Month to the Month after he or they shall recxi ethe lame; and the respective Receivers-general of the Land-tax of each Receivers-sene-such County or Place, to whom such Money shall be paid, shall give a Rec ipt for the same to the Person r*4,» who are to paying such Money, whose Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge for such Payment; and shall, within*rvfhe

Ten Days after the Receipt of such Sum and Sums of Money, certify such Receipt to the Lord High^ Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being; and shall forthwith pjymentsyt^ft|ld pay the same into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and distinguish, up >n every such Treasury j ard Payment, the Monies received by virtue of this Act\; and the Monies so paid into the Receipt or His Ma- pay the Mo-.iir* jesty’s Exchequer shall be kept separate and apart from all other Monies, to be accounted for yearly, and, nt°the Exchc-Every Year, to Parliament, and to be applied and disposed of as Parliament shall dirciSR ,uer"

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thar no Fee or Gra-No Fee tn he tuity whatsoever shall be given or paid, for or upon account of any Warrant which Ovll be made out for P",d'thereupon any Sum of Money which shall be paid into His Majesty's Exchequer, or issued in relation to or in pur-*u'rr Exchc’ fuance of this Act

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or the High Trea-^"1^3*0^ surer for the Time being, are hereby authorised to allow to the Lid P*eceiver-general for such County and

Place respectivelyt in En^landy IValu^ and Berwick upon Tweed, upon the clearing of his Accounts, a

«tion clearing Salary iheir Acccunrs

638 C. 4^2.

Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

made at the next Quarter-sessions, as for County Rates.

and so, with respedI to Cities

Salary for his Pains and Trouble, in receiving and paying in the Monies required to be received and paid by this Act, not exceeding Two-pence in the Pound for so much Money as he ihal] pay into the Exchequer in pursuance of this Act.

Treasurers id.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer or Treasurers of every County or Place, as a Recompence and Reward for his and their Pains and Trouble in collecting and receiving the Sums charged upon each Parish or Place in each respective County and Place by virtue of this Act, and for giving Receipts to the Person or Persons of whom they receive the same, and for paying the same to His Majesty's Receiver-general, as herein before is directed, upon Collection of the whole Sum appointed to be collected

by them, and Payment thereof, as aforesaid, shall be allowed the Sum of One Penny in the Pound; which Sum every such Treasurer and Treasurers is and are hereby impowered to detain, out of the Monies re-High Constable«ceived by him, before Payment thereof to the Receiver-general as aforesaid: And that every High Con-ld» liable, as a Recomnence for his Trouble and Pains in fending out Warrants and doing his Duty therein,

stall be allowed and paid, by such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Sum of One Penny in the Pound; and ftnl]«CtChu^ch. t*lat every ^tty Constable, Churchwarden, Overseer of the Poor, or other Person employed in collecting wardens, and the said oum or Sums hereby directed to be raised, on Payment to the Treasurer or Treasurers of each

ivencers, id. County or Place of the whole Sum directed by them to be raised within each of their respective Divisions likewise. or Places, shall be allowed and paid by such Treasurer or Treasurers the like Sum of One Penny in the Pound, as a Reward for their Diligence, Pains, and Trouble.

TreafuTersto be XX A

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Treasurer or Treasurers of any County, Rjding, rri.r.bursed Mo- or Division, shall, at any Time, be in Advance in the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money to the by them,' Receiver General of such County, Riding, or Division; the Justices of the Peace for such County, by Assessment, Riding, or Division, at their next General Quarter-sessions to be holden after any such Payment, shall, and they are hereby required to afiefs, and cause to be levied, a sufficient Sum of Money to reimburse such Treasurer or Treasurers all such Sum or Sums of Money as he or they shall have so paid; to be alfessed, collected, and levied, in the same Manner as other County Rates are directed to be assessed, collected, and levied.

XXXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the Justices of the Peace for such County, and Town» See or Division, at their Paid General Quarter-sessions, shall, and are hereby impowered to assess and

iriot co^niTbutoTv levy, *n Manner as is herein before directed, on every City, Town, and Flace, which is not contributory to County Ratc$ to, or doth not pay to, the County Rates of such County, Riding, or Division respectively, such Proportion of the Money so paid by such Treasurer or Treasurers, as is herein before directed and required to be raised and paid by such City, Town, and Place.

t°frhn°f

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Clerks of the Peace of each rc-iriiryeariy7o t"he ^Pe<*ve County or Place shall, and they are hereby required, within Fourteen Days next after the Gc-Treasury and neral Quarter-sessions of the Peace to be held after the Twenty-fifth Day of December yearly, to transmit 'Receivers- to the Lord High Treasurer, or to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and rgeisera!, also to the Receiver-general of the Land-tax for such County or Place, a Copy, ligned by such Clerk of

Tp C?P,esof the Peace, of every Certificate which shall have been delivered in pursuance of this Act; and in case no id-five* i^puV such 'Certificate shall have been delivered in, then such Clerks of the Peace shall certify to the Lord High {uance of this Treasurer, or to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and also to such Receiver-general, that no Ad such Certiiicate from His Majesty's Lieutenant, or any Three Deputy-lieutenants* hath been received by

iritoctitifr him, and that he hath certified the same to the Justices of such General Quarter-sessions, and thereon TccJ dd^tered*VC rc ^u*rcc^ Jufoces to proceed according to the Directions of this Act; and shall also certify what Pro-

nd what Pro- ceedings have been had at such General Quarter-sessions, in relation to the act'efling and railing the said codings have Sum ot Five Pounds per Man where the Militia shall not have been raised; and in case the Justices of the been had there- Peace, at such General Quarter-sessions, shall omit, neglect, or refuse, proceeding according to the Di-ter-feinoni reU- re<^ons of this Act, to raile the said Sum of Five Pounds per t Man in every County, Riding, or Place, tbig to the aflef-where t^e Militia shall not have been raised in the Year preceding, then such Clerks of the Peace of every Ting, &c. the such respective County or Place shall, and they are hereby required, within Fourteen Days next after such ^ei.Aity for not General Quarter-sessions of the Peace, to certify to the Solicitor of the Treasury the Omission, Neglect, ratting the Mill-or Refusal (as the Case may be) of such Justices to obey the Orders and Directions of this Act, and the Solicitor of the Names of the Justices of the Peace who shall be present at such Sessions; and the Solicitor of the Treasury Treasury to pro- aforesaid is hereby directed and required, on Receipt of such Certificate, forthwith to proceed by such legal fccute where Ways and Means as maybe requisite, moil effectual, and expeditious, to compel the Justices of the Peace justiers neglect lQf such County or Place, so omitting, neglecting, or refusing to proceed according to the Directions of therein.Uty this Act, to raile the said Sum of Five Pounds per Man in such County or Place making Default in raifxng the Militia as aforesaid, and to enforce the Payment thereof, and due Obedience to this Act.

Where the Pc- XLI. And, for the better executing this Act, be it further enacted, That if the said Sum of Five Pounds fulty shall not per Man, to be paid as aforesaid in such Counties and Places where the Militia shall not be raised, shall be duly paid into not be levied., collected, and paid, into His Majesty's Exchequer, in Manner as herein before directed; or^Vperibn’ or an^ Herson or Persons shall refuse, neglect, or omit, to pay his or their Proportion thereof, or to Jh^lVTetufc ply- Perfofm his or their^ Duty therein, for railing and Payment of the same; then, and in every such Case, ment of his 7 every Treasurer, High Constable, and Petty Constable, or other Person, to whom any such Default or Payment, Refusal, Neglect, or Omission, shall be made* shall, and he is hereby jequired, within Four-

2 leen

A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. c. 42; 639

teen Days after such Default of Payment, Refusal, Neglect, or Omissionj. to Him or them made, to certifythe r*m« »*> hc the same in Writing, signed by him or them respective'y, with the-Reason or Cause thereof, unto the Clerk of the Peace of every such County or Place wherein the same shall happen 5 and then, and inpc^e.° c every such Case, every such Clerk of the Peace shall, and he is hereby required, within Fourteen Days after, to certify the same to the Solicitor of the Treasury; and, in Failure thereof, every such Clerk ofandhy him to the Peace shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pav the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, to any Person tv‘c s*c»for who shall sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or the Courts P^on PtnTity o/ Great Section in the Principality of Wales, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, J^ancafln,2ool. and Durham, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and shall also forfeit his Office, and shall be rendered incapable of having, receiving, or holding and forfeiting his any Office of Trust, Civil or Military, under the Government; and the Solicitor of the Treasury. oh Office, and be ng. the Receipt of such Certificate, is hereby directed and required forthwith to proceed, by all such legal ,n^aPac:Ut^d' Ways and Means as may be requisite and most effectual, to compel the Payment of such Sum and Sums x eaAuy toccm-of Money, and also to compel such Persons as shall so refuse, neglect, or omit, to perform his or their peiPaymentSj&c. Duty as aforesaid, to act in obedience to, and in pursuance ofr the Direction of this Act, and to carry the same into full and compleat Execution.

XLII. And be it enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peaceshall refuse or neglect to receive, deliver, file, Clerk of the make, record, or transmit such Certificates, as aforesaid. or any of them, according to the true Intent andh^Duty fox-*' Meaning of this Act, every such Clerk of the Peace, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit le\ta 500i# and pay the Sum of Five Hundred Pounds, to any Person who shall inform or sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or the Courts of Great Sessions in the Principality of Wales, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham, wherein no Essoin,

Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and shall also forfeit and ^Office, his Office, and shall be rendered incapable of having, receiving, or holding, any Office of Trust, Civil or ^dls ,ncapaci^ Military, under the Government.

XLIII. And it is enacted, That if any Receiver General, or Treasurer, shall wilfully omit, neglect, or Receiver Crne-refule to do any such Act or Acts as are required to be done by him or them for the better and more0"1* neglecting*, eft’eftual carrying this Act into Execution j every such Receiver General or Treasurer, so offending, shall h,s Dut/> for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, to any Person who shall inform fuifcits *coJ, or sue for the same, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at WestminJhv, or the Courts of Great Sessions in the Principality of IVal s, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and JDurham, wherein no Eltoin, Protection, Wager of nor more than One Imparlance shall be

allowed.

XLW. And be it enacted, That if any Chief Constable shall willfully omit, neglect, or refuse, to dochicf Const-bkr any such Act or Acts as are required to be done by him for the better and more effectual carrying this Act S

into Execution, every such Chief Constable, so offending, foall, for every such Offence, forfeiTand pay, _0ujy °* C!t* to aryy 'Person who will informant! sue for the same, the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and every Petty Constable and Petty Co»-*nd other Person who shall in like Manner offend, shall, for every such Offence, in like Manner forfeit table act»

and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; to be recovered and levied in Manner herein after mentioned and directed.

XLV. And be it enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by this Act imposed, the Manner Rec/)V*y of of Recovery whereof is not in this Act particularly provided for, shall, on Proof upon Oath of Offence F,nei.> PenaIt5'’> before any Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, be levied wnhcrc°LVot'her*-by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such wife diiided, Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any) ,on Demand, after deducting. the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Offender upon whom such Distress shall have been made; and where the Goods and Chattels of such Offender shall not be sufficient to answer such Distress, such Justice is hereby required to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County qr Place where the Offence shall have been committed, for any Time not exceeding Three Months.

XLV7. And be it further enacted, That the Solicitor to the Lord High Treasurer, or to the Comm if-Solicitor of tfc sioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, shall, and he is hereby directed and required, with l rcj, ul>to ?;ow all due Diligence, to prosecute with Effect all such Justices of the Peace, Receivers General, Treasurers, and other Persons, who shall omit, neglect, or refuie to perform their Duty, as aforesaid, to carry this Act jLcV.Urs c<r, e-into Execution; and to raise the said Sum of Five Pounds per Man in every such County or Place where rai, Trcnuiers, the Militia shall not have been raised, or shall not continue to be raised, according to the true Intent andolilers* Meaning of this Act; and caufo the same to be paid into his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, as herein l>c- thciV fore directed and required: And if the Solicitor to the Lord High Treasurer, or to the Commissioners of July J His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, shall wilfully omit, neglect, or refuse to proceed against such Justices of the Peace, Receivers General, Treasurers, or other Persons, or shall wilfully delay to proceed, er shall not prosecute with all due Diligence and Expedition; then such Solicitor of the Treasury so off ending shall, for every fhcb Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to any Persons who on P^lry of shall inform or sue for the lame in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at WesttninJUr, or the Courts 5ooI#. 'or aiT of Great Sessions in the Principality of Wales, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lcuicajier, 4

and Durham^, wherein JUxEfioin, Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be

allowed

640 C. 42.

Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

and Krrfcitnrf of a]]ow’d; and shall also forfeit his Office, and shall be rendered incapable of having, receiving, or holding, h C> Office for the future, or any o,her Place or Office of Trust, Civil or Military, under the Government.

tiled. !nca?JC1’

XLVII. And be it enacted, That in all Counties, Riding?, and Places, where the Militia has not been

Where the Mili-raif d, his Majesty's Lieutenant for every such County and Place, together with any Tv.o or more De-tia i>as not been puty Lieutenants; and on the Removal, or, in the Absence of His Majesty's LLutenanr, any Three or ivite',a":Ani:l,jI more Deputy Lieutenants, shall meet at foine City or principal Town of the County or Place for which he'Tot" Lic'ue.e t^ey shall be commissioned, on the Second Turfday in March in every Year and if there should happen mntsan.; Dtpu* to be no such Meeting on that Day, then His Majesty's fair] Lieutenant, or, on his Death or Removal, or ty Lieutenants in his Absence, any Three or more Deputy Lieutenants, shall and may, from Time to Time, as may be cn the 2d Tucf- necessary and requisite for carrying this Act into Execution, or any of the Purposes hereof, summon, or «nd on Deh'ukof cau^c to be summoned, a General Meeting, to be holden at the same City or principal Town on a Day to such VtK, a be fixed by such Summons; of which Day and Place Notice shall be given in some Weekly Paper usually (icner-i McsVing circulated (if any such there be) within the same County or Place, Seven Days at least before the holding a to be summon-of such Meeting.

c<i for carrying thi< A a into Execution.

ih^R^Ma6

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person actually serving in any of His Majesty's Re-Fmces, of^rine gubar Forces, shall offer himself to serve, and be inrolled as a Substitute in any Regiment or Battalion of to serve an Hbe8 Militia; or if any Person actually inrolled and serving in any Regiment or Battalion of Militia, shall offer inro ied ?s Sub- himself to serve, and be inrolled as a Substitute in any other Regiment or Battalion of Militia; then every /States in thfe such person so offending shall, for every such Offence, or Proof thereof upon Oath before any Justice of the p'1113 ’ a, Y[. Peace of the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, forfeit and pay, to any Person who and Irving in will inform or sue for the same, the Sum of Ten Pounds; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Often-theM.iitia, of- der’s Goods ard Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus fering to fetve or f if any) on Demand, after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Offender upon whom such be inrolled as L)iftrels shall have been made; and where the Goods and Chattels of such Offender shall not be sufficient iiothelc "ps"for-to an^wer such Distress, such Justice is hereby required to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the fcii id. and Vor County or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, for any Time not exceeding Three Months*.

want of Distress may be c< mmiued.

This Act net to

XLIX. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall in any wise extend to annul, or ^uJuance ma^e v°id, any Thing already done in pursuance of the former Acts, relating to the Militia Forces, or onc ,npur uanccary of them; or to prevent the com pleating any Proceedings already commenced in pursuance of the

Lid Acts.

L.

of the foimcr Acts, 8cc. Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Suit or Suits, Action or Actions, shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Fast committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid in the County where such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Suit or Suits, Action or Actions, to be brought, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence: And if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in such Suit or Suits. Action or Actions; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Suit or Suits, Action or Actions, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against Treble Costs. the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases to recover Costs by Law.

Form of the Re-

LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Part of the Return whkh gives an trefent ^the* Account of Number of Officers present during the Time of Exercise shall be in the Form following s

Timcof Exercise.

(to wit,)

Colonel-----

Lieutenant Colonel-

M-ijor-----

Firit Captain-----

Second Captain-----

Third Captain-----

Fourth Captain —

Fifth Captain--- —

Sixth Captain-----

Seventh Captain-

Eighth Captain-----

Ninth Captain-----—

Tenth Captain-----

Captain Lieutenant-

First Lieutenant--

Second Lieutenant-Third Lieutenant—

N° of Days.

Fourth Lieutenant-Fifth Lieutenant-

Sixth Lieutenant-

Seventh Lieutenant-Eighth Lieutenant-Ninth Lieutenant— Tenth Lieutenant*—

First Ensign-----

Second Ensign——

Third Ensign-----

Fourth Erfign -

Fifth Ensign— Sixth Ensign — Seventh Ensign E’ghch Ensign—-Ninth Ensign---Tenth Ensign—-

N° of Days.

LIL ‘And

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 1, 2. 641

LII. And whereas by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, compleat the Return* to c Returns of the several Officers, iNon-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, who were actually inrolled,

and did serve in any Regiment, Battalion, and Independent Company, at the Time the same were ex- of Officer* tod * ercifed, signed by the Commanding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion, and Independant Company, Men inrolled tod are directed to be transmitted to one of His Majesty's principal Secretaries of State j* be it further enacted serving in any by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Commanding Officer shall, in such Return, fjpecify the Num-beref Days on which cachof the Commissioned Officers was present during the Time of the Annual Exercise 5 Daeyt c^h Officer and that the said Secretaries of State receiving such Return, shall cause Copies thereof to be annually laid Wa* present *t before both Houses of Parliament, ' the AooyaiEx-

ercife it to be specified, and laid before the Parliament*

Anno decimo GEORG I I III. Regis.

At the Parliament began and holden at Westminster, the Tenth Day of May, Domitli

1768, in the Eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and, King, Defender of the Faith, fcfr. and from thence continued by several Prorogations to the Ninth Day of January, 17701 being the Third Session of the Thirteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An Act for continuing an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to prohibit, for a further p,/«w a, t. Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour. '

[Preamble,

\\7 HEREA S an Act was made in the lift Session of Parliament, intituled An A'l is prohibit.

for a further Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meat, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit and

Starch, and also the Extraction of Loiv IVtnet and Spirits from Wheat and Flour, which is

thereby enacted to continue until the Twentieth Day after the Commencement of the next Session of Act 9 c,c0.5.

Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that the same should be continued for a further Timebe it Seir *c-.»- furtherefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the |!prth.n*o"hD. Lords Spiritual and Temporal, anti Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-art,.t

rity of the same. That the said Act shall remain, and be in full Force and Et'i-ct, and is hereby conti- nrrnceirent of nurd, until the Twentieth Day afte r the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament. ne*' Session.

II. Provided nevertheless, "I hat the said Continuation may be abridged or shortened, and this Act, of Continnuionmiy any Part thereof, may be altered and varied by any other Act or Acts to be made in this present Scifion ofbs *b,id^d b> Parliament. iWnem*

CAP. II.

An Act to continue for a further Time an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the hi}th Year of the Reign of His present Mafe/ly, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted B*cf, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; ami for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An

4 W Att for Importation of Salted Beef Porky Bacony and Buttery from Ireland, for a limited Time: s Geo. 3. c. x# 4 And whereas an Act was made in the Eighth Year of His present Macsty's Reign, to continue and amend the said first-mentioned Act; and fi r allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time: And whereas an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament to continue the said last mentioned Act: And where, s it is expedient tli.it 4 the Importation of all the said Goods and Commodities should be admitted for a longer 1 i.ne than is allowed by the said Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted $ and* be it enacted by the King's incut Excellent Majesty

642 C. 2,3, 4. Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 177a.

3CC0.3.C. 9. by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act made in the Eighth Year of His and5 Geo. 3. C. 1 present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef Porky Bacon, and Butter, from Aas Geo. III. ‘ Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef Porky Bacon, and Battery from f'.rrhrreontmued < British Dominions in America, for a limited Times Avail continue and be in full Force and Effect, until ton are 11771. ^ j}ay of March, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one.

Contieuat.onmay H# Provided nevertheless, That the said Continuation may be abridged or shortened, and this Act, or Parliament. by any ^art thereof, may bc altered and varied, by any other Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. III.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. IV.

See 10 Geo. 3. An Act for indemnifying all Persons, with respect to advising or carrying into Execution His *45’ Majesty's Orders of Council made for preventing the Spreading of a contagious Distemper

among!! the Horned Cattle, and for rendering the same valid and effectual; and for preventing Suits in consequence thereof, and to authorise the continuing, extending, and cx-' ecuting the same, for a further Time.

freamble. c ttt HER EAS, upon divers Informations received, {hewing, that an infectious Distemper had broke out, and continued to rage amongst the Horned Cattle in certain Parishes in the County of Southampton, and that several of them had died thereof; 'and further, that the Parishes in which the said Distemper raged were very extensive, and contained many Herds of Horned Cattle, some of which were dispersed at considerable Distances from others; and further, that certain Horned Cattle had been driven from Places where the said infectious Distemper had broken out, and still raged, towards London and other Parts of the Kingdom; His Majesty taking the same into Consideration, and judging it to be 4 a Matter of the utmost Importance to prevent, if possible, the spreading of the said Distemper, tvas pleased, by divers Orders in Council, bearing Date respectively the Seventh, the Fourteenth, and the Twenty-second Days of December la ft, to direct the Lord Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace for the several Counties therein mentioned, upon the First Appearance of the said Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle in each of the said Counties respectively, forthwith to carry into Execution the Directions

and Regulations prescribed by His Majesty's said Orders in Council; whereby it was ordered, (amongst

other hings) that they should prevent the Removing any Horned Cattle from infefted Places; and that they should cause such Cattle in Places where the Inteftion had spread, and also Cattle coming from in- ftfted Places, to be killed, and their Carcasses and Hides buried, and treated in all Respects in the Manner prescribed by an Order of his late Majesty in Council, bearing Date the Twenty-second Day of March, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and forty-seven, first tendering to the Owner or Owners of such Cattle, what, in their Judgement, should be the full and fair Value of them; and His Majesty was thereby further pleased to order, that the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury should issue such Sums, from Time to Time, as might be necessary to defray all Charges and Expences occasioned by the said several Orders; which said Orders, for the Intents and Purposes aforesaid, and the carrying the same

into Execution, could not be justified according to theftrift Forms of Law, and yet were necessary, and so much for the Service of the Publick, and their Preservation againstfo great and dangerous a Calamity, that they ought to be justified by Act of Parliament, and all Persons advising, acting under, or in Obe- dience to the same, indemnified be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

All rfonal Ac- anc* with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament turns or Profecu- assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all personal Actions and Suits, Indictments, Infor-tions, by reason mations, and all Prosecutions and Proceedings whatsoever, which have been or shall be prosecuted cr of any net done commenced against any Person or Persons for or by reason of any Act, Matter or Thing, advised, corr-Ihr^irMO°d mani*ecU appointed, or done in relation to the Premises, or of any Contract or Agreement not performed of Council or* by means of, or in obedience to, such Order or Orders of Council, be, are, and shall be, discharged and Con rad not made void by virtue of this Act; and that if any Action or Suit shall be prosecuted or commenced against pertoimedf are any Person or Persons for any such Act, Matter, or Thing, so advised, commanded, appointed, or done, discharged, or such (Jontraft or Agreement not performed, he, she, or they, may plead the General Issue, and gi\e ^una lead l^ls a°d fyec*a? Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any Action or Suit so to the G^er^Itluc. be commenced or prosecuted, shall become Nonfuir, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer Discontinuance; or if a Verdict pass, or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against such Double Costs. Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover his, her, or their Double Costs, and shall have the like Remedy for the same, as in Cases where Costs by Law are given to Defendants.

SeA«iiceyo7Uh IL Alld> for the better preventing the spreading of the said infectious Distemper, and putting a Stop lihPrivyC^un- *bc sanae> be enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King’s

I most

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. C. 4, 5, 6, 7, 643

most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of His or Their Privy Council, Impowered to from Time to Time, to continue all or any of the said Orders made for that Purpose by his Majesty in OrMrtin^uncit, Council, bearing Date the Seventh, and Fourteenth, and Twenty-second Days of December last, and to ,*0 ^tc°nud extend the same to all such Counties and Places in Great Britain, and all other His Majesty's Dominions fame to such thereunto belonging, or any Part or Parts thereof, as His Majesty, in his great Wisdom mail judge mod Counties «nd expedient and effectual to prevent the spreading such infcftious# Distemper; and all the Powers and Hc

Authorities, Rules, Orders, and Regulations therein contained and inserted, shall be in Force, and the n^jcn^&c*" fame shall be duly executed and obeyed by all His Majesty's Subjects respectively, and are hereby efta- 9 blished, enabled and declared to be as good and valid in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, during such Time as the same shall be continued by this Act, as if the same were herein repeated and exprefidy enacted; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: And if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants, in every such Action, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special General Mb* Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in Pursuance and by Authority of this Act, or of some Rule, Order, or Regulation, made in pursuance of this Act as aforesaid 5 and if it appear so to have been done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants:

And if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared $ and if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover reble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, Treble Cost». as the Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

III. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, The Powers,&c. Orders, and Regulations, hereby confirmed and established, shall continue and be in Force until the First hereby confirm-Day of November, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. ,"70, X,

IV. Provided nevertheless, That the said Continuation of the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Orders, unief, repeated and Regulations, or any of them, may be repealed, abridged, or shortened; and also that the same, or or altered by any of them, may be enlarged, altered, and varied, by any other Act or Acts to be made in this present Parliament. Session of Parliament.

CAP. V.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy.

EXP.

CAP. VI.

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy.

EXP.

CAP. VII.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

EXP.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs-Lard, and Grease.

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Ma

[Preamble.]

jesty, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation*1 Geot

of Tallow, Hots-Lard, and Grease, which was to continue in Force for Three Years, from the Twenty- wt510

fifth Day of march. One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, is near expiring: And whereas the continue in Foret

allowing the Importation of Tallow, Hogs-Lard, and Grease, for a further Time, may be of great Ad-for 3 Yar*, Ire.

vantage to both Kingdoms: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and* be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, and all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Allowances, Matters, further continue!' and Things therein contained, shall be continued from the Expiration thereof, until the Twenty-fifth li!1 a5 Marck Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, as fully and effectually to all Intents and 177 Purposes, as if the same were inserted and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

CAP.

*N a

44 C. 9.

Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

reajr.bk.

Where the Mli-U is 01 fh iil be raisiJj the Receiver Central of the County is to iff iz Months Pay in Advance, according to the Estab) (ha.eut cf Pay heic let 4own j

teith Half a Yc.ti’s Salary to the Regimental ard Battalion Clerks; and the Allowances to the Ch rks of the Grnef. I and Subdivide Meetings; and pay foe Cloathing of the Militia.

The above Sums are not to be paid, if Pay hat not before been issued, till the Ld Lieut, or Depot in shall have certified to the Treasury and Receiver* General The Money is to be paid by the Receiver General to the Cleric of the Regiment or Battalion (except the Allowances to the Clerks of the Meetings upon producing the Warrant Of his Appointment; and for In-dv-pendant Companies, to the ©etpeftive Captains, or to their Oj der 1

according to the F fUbliflunent' Laid down in the Militia Act of a Geo. III. c. 20. A Second Payment is also to be made within 3 Month* after the First.

©ad a Third

CAP. IX.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and C loathing of the MiFtia in that Part of Qrtctt Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, Om

thousand seven hundred and seventy.

1 II WHEREAS rt is necessary that.Provision should be made for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloaking for the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, from the Twe ivy-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and seventy;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s, mo ft Excellent. Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spii itual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same? Thjff in every County, Riding, or Place, within that Part of Great Britain called England, where the Militia is or shall be raised, the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax of such County, Riding or Place respectively, shall issue and pay the whole Sums required, in the Manner, and for the several Uses herein after mentioned; that is to say. For the Pay of the said Militia for Four Calendar Months in Advance, at the Rate of Six Shillings a Day for each Adjutant, where an Adjutant is appointed; and, at the Rate of Giiu Shilling for each Serjeant, with the Addition of Two Shillings and Sixpence a Week for each Serjeant Major, where a Serjeant Major is appointed; and at the Rate of Sixpence a. Day for each Drummer, with tb? Addition of Sixpence a Day for each Drum Major, where a Drum Major is appointed; and also at the Rate of Sixpence a Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment, Battalion, and Independant Company of Militia; One Penny wb.reof shall be applied for defraying the Hospital Expences of each Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company, during the Time of the Mens being from Home upon account of their Annual Exercise; and also for Half a Years Salary for the Cleric of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia belonging to such County, Riding, or Pkce, at the Rate of Fifty Pounds a Year and also for the respective Allowances to the Clerk of the General Meetings, and Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings, at the Rates following; that is to say, To the Clerk of the General Meetings at the Rate of Five PoundsFive Shillings for each Meeting; and to the several Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings, at the Ratc of One Pound One Shilling for each Meeting; and also for the Cloathing of the Militia for such County, Riding, or Place, after the Rate of Three rounds Ten Shillings for each Serjeant, and Two Pounds for each Drummer, with the Addition of One Pound for each Serjeant Major, and each Drum Major; and with respect to the Private Militia Men% where the Militia hath not been cloathed within Three Years, at the Rate of One Pound Ten Shillings for each private Man.

II. Provided nevertheless, That in any County, Riding, or Place, where Pay has not yet been Wiied for the Militia, no Pay shall be issued until his Majesty* Lieutenant, or, in his Absence, or in case of Vacancy by the Death or Removal of His Majesty's Lieutenant, any Three Deputy Lieutenants, of any such County, Riding, or Place* shall have certified to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and to the Receiver General of the Land Tax, that Three Fifths of the Number of Private Militia Mer* of such County* Riding, or Place have been inrollqd, and that Three Fifths of the Proportion of their Commissioned Officer* have accepted their Commissions, and entered their Qualifications as by Law required.

the Inrollroent of 3 Fifth* of the Men and Officers.

III. And be it enacted, That all such Sum of Money granted for the Pay of the Militia as aforesaid, except such as shall bq due tojtbe federal Clerks of the Meetings aforesaid, and except such as (hill be> due on account of Cloathing, shall where tty; Militia has never been embodied*, be paid by the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, into the Hands of the Clerkor Clerks of the Regiments or Battalions of Militia belonging to such County, Riding, or Place, upon his or their producing his or their Warrant or Warrants ot Appointment to such Office, under the Hand and Seal of His Majesty's Lieutenant for Cuch respective County, Riding, or Place; and where the Militia has been embodied, into the Hands of the Clerk or Clerks ot. the Regiments or Battalions* upon his or their producing his or their Warrant or Warrants of Appointment to such Office, under the Hand and Seal of the Colonel, or, where there is no Colonel, of ttys Commanding Officer of each Regiment or Battalion respectiwdy, not-withstanding such Militia shall have been disembodied; and where the Militia shall be formed into an ln-dcjpendant Company, or Independant, Companies* fudi Sums as aforesaid shall be paid by the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, into the Hands of the respective Captain of each Independant Company of Militia, or to such Person as such respective Captain shall authorise to receive the same, according to the Number of Persons hereby, intituled to receive Pay and Cloathing, ef which such Regiment or Regiments, Battalion or Battalions, Independant Company or Independant Companies, shall have been appointed to confiit, according to the Establishment laid down in an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of Elis present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, ijnd red see into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the Railing and Traning the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England;' and such Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax shall-also, within Fourteen Days after the Expiration of the Third Calendar Month from the Time of the said First Payment, make a Second Payment for Four Calendar Months in Advance; and shall also, within Fourteen Days after the Expiration of the Three Calendar Months from the Time of the said Second Payment, make a Third Payment for Four Calendar Months in Advance, for the Pay and contingent Expence* of the Militia, and for the Allowances to the Regimental or Battalion Clerk

by

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo George III. C. 9. 645

or Clerks aforesaid, in the Proportions herein Jjofore mentioned} and the Receipts of such Clerk or Clerks, w'*h'n Three and of such Captain of an Intlcpendant Company, or Captains of Independant Companies, or of such ont*’* *ftertba Person or Persons a. such Captain or Captains shall so authorise to receive such Money as aforesaid, shall of ,(,*

be a sufficient Discharge to such Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for the several Sums ofi ’erfens to whom Money so by him or them paid. - Money shall

! e so pa d discharge the Receivers General.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia shall forthwith, after the Receipt of such Sums of Money as aforesaid, pay, or cause to be paid, One Calendar Month’s ay

ip Advance to the Adjutant of such Regiment or Battalion respectively; and to the Captain or Officer

in A ‘ v r *e O ic

commanding each Company belonging to such Regiment ot Battalion, Two Months Pay in Advance Month’s rv-y to for the Serjeants and Drummers; and also to the Officer commanding the Company to which the Scr-the a*jiranr; jeant Major a qd Drum Major shall belong, Two Months Pay in Advance for such Sergeant and Drum Major; and fa from Time to Time so long as any Money on that Account shall remain in his Hands: tbr the F

Which Pay every such Captain or Officer commanding is hereby required todiitribute to each Person be-slants and belonging to his Company* by this Act intituled to receive the same, as it shall become due; and the tn<f

Captain of each. Independant Company is hereby required to distribute to each Person belonging to his so[wan^urum-Company iiuitled thereto, such Money as be shall receive for Pay of his Company by virtue of this Act b

and such Captain or Officer commanding shall, Once in every Year, give in to the Clerk of the Regi pa d to the Com* raent or Battalion to which such Company shall belong, or, if Captain of an Imlependant Company, to manding Officer the Receiver General, an Account of the (everaj Payments he shall have made in pursuance of this Act, of th,cCompany according to the following Form:

t.iM to distribet* the Pejr <ccot4iafty; inS»cc»Bt tot the lame yenty-M the Clerk, or Reeelver.gca«r*f, if an Independent Company, according tW iqUoaieg; Foam,

County of

Dt.

Per Contra Cr.

To Ca/h received of Mr. ’ Rpgimental or Battalion Clerk, or Receiver-general, (<75 tbtCuf

Jhmlbe)for Two Mom Ms Ray in Advance - ,

I

Paid Serjeant for Days Pay from the of to the of following;

Ditto as Serjeant-major One in the Company y

Paid Serjeant for Days Pay from the > of to the of following

Paid

Days

the

of

Drummer at Sixpence* of to the following

for ") am the (

-'-J

from

Ditto as Drum-major (if One in the Company}

Paid

Drummer

Days from da of 1 to the of following J

tod pay b*tk

And shall pay back to the said Clerk, or to the Receiver General, as the Case shall be, the Surplus (if

any) of the Money by him from Time to Time received, and then remaining in his Hands- Hands* *.

V. Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted, That in case the Commanding Officer of any On Dwcha geof Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company of Militia, shall certify, in Writing, to the Clerk of the Serjeant* or fame, that he hath discharged any Serjeant or Drummer as unfit for the Service; that in such Case, noDrumm€rs.a*uiy* Pay be issued for the Person so discharged, until another be duly appointed by him; and that no Payment be p^or

made to any Serjeant or Drummer who hath been so discharged, oiwho has not previously been approved iiio^hcn are* of by the Commanding Officer, in case of Vacancy by Death, orotberwife- appointed j nor

any Payment made to loch as are discharged, or who have not been approved by the Commanding Officer.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia, out of the Money The Clerk* are hereby directed to be issued and paid to him for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment or hkcwife to p*y Battalion: shall, yearly and every Year, pay to the Colonel or Officer commanding such Regiment orfor "con* Battalion, One Penny a Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the HospitkaiExpences thgent Expeacea of each respective Company of such-Regiment or Battalion during the Time of the Mens being absent t d. per Mao for from Home, upon account of their Annual Exercise; and shall, from Time to Time, issue out and pay HospitalCharge*: such Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Repair of Arms, and the Carriage and Removal thereof, anithe/<,^eno* upon an Order in Writing signed by the Colonel or Officer commanding such Regiment or Battalion; Kcplu of Armu and apply, dispose of, and pay, the Residue of such Money, for the general Use and Benefit of each such and Carriage jcipective Regiment or ,r r ‘ ~ ~ '

h in men manner as tnc x ieia vuicers and waptauis tncreof, or the tucrw*.

greater

646 C. 9.

Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

Kdiduc to be ap- greater Part of them, shall dire£F; and shall yearly and every Year make up an Account of all such pl ed for the Be- Money, and the Expenditure thereof, and deliver the farAfcto the Colonel or Officer commanding such cement,t&c, as Regiment or Battalion, to be by him examined, allowed, &i)d signed; which Account so allowed and the Field officers signed shall be, and it is hereby directed to be, the proper Voucher and Acquittal of such Clerk, for thf and captains dull Application and Disposal of such Money.

direct. Account of the said Sums to be made up yearly. See.

Money allowed

VII. And be it enacted, That the Money hereby directed to be issued for the contingent Expences of Exp^nceTof"in- *ach ^dependant Company of Militia, shall be, in like Manner, applied to the particular Use of such dependant Com-respective Independant Company by the Captain thereof; and mall yearly, and every Year, be-in like panics to be ap. Manner accounted for to the Receiver General of the Land Tax of the County or Place to which such plied and ac. Indepejidant Company shall belong; whose Allowance of such Account shall in like Manner be the pro-counted for by per Voucher for the Expenditure and Disposition thereof.

Commanding

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officer commanding every Regi-Officer* to trans-ment. Battalion, or Independant Company of Militia, which shall be raised and trained pursuant to the *>it to the Audi-Laws now in Force, shall, and they are hereby respectively required, from Time to Time, within Thirty toros the Exche. j)ayS after the exercising of every such Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company shall be finished, ti^officerTand Pursuant to the Directions of the Laws now in being in that Respect, transmit to the proper Auditor of His Private Men in- Majesty's Court of Exchequer a compleat Return, signed by such Officer commanding, of the several rolled, and serv- Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, who were actually inrolled, and did serve in ingat the annualcvery such Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company, at the Time the same were so exercised as Eaeraie. aforesaid, in like Manner and Formas is required to be made to One of His Majesty's Principal Secrc-' taries of State.

Clerk to retain Money in his

Hands for his wn Salary. When the Ld. Lieuts. or Deputies shall have

IX. And be it enacted, That the said Regimental or Battalion Clerk may and shall retain to his own' Use, out of the Money so by him received, such further Sums as shall complete the Allowance herein' before made for his Salary.

X. And be it further enacted, That whenever His Majesty's Lieutenant, or any Three or more De-uiich ijju u4vc puty Lieutenants of any County, Riding, or Place, shall have fixed the Days of Exercise for the Mili-

fixelTth^Days^f tia, he or they shall, as soon as may be, certify the same to the Receiver General of such County, Rid-Exercise, ing, or Place, specifying the Number of Men, and the Number of Days such Men are to be absent from they are to cer- Home on account of such Exercise; and such Receiver General is hereby required, within Fourteen the Receiver-0 Days a^ter Receipt of such Certificate, to issue and pay to the Clerk of the several Regiments or Bat-generaf, CCfpedfy-ta^ons> at the Rate of Seven Shillings and Sixpence per Day for the Captain ^of each Company, jtnd at

ing the Number the Rate of Three Shillings and Six " '

of Mm and Days each Ensign; and also at the Rate

»aii be ab-(jition of Sixpence per Day for eacl. — ...w -

Receiver-general* Number of Days such Officers and Men shall be jibfent from Home onjiccount of such^ Exercise; and in

toiirtse there-upon Pay for Officers and Men to the Regimental Clerk,

Sec.

Sixpence per Day for each Lieutenant, and of Three Shillings per Day for

__________ _ ite of One Shilling per Day for each Private Militia Man, with the Ad-

they shall be ab- djtion of Sixpence per Day for each Corporal of the Militia, so to be called out to Exercise, for the

such Counties where there shall be Independant Companies only, the Receiver General of each such re-foective County shall issue and pay to the Captains of the Independant Companies, at the Rate of Seven Shillings and Sixpence per Day for each Captain. Three Shillings and Sixpence per Day for each Lieutenant, and Three Shillings per Day for each Enngn; and also at the Rate of One Shilling ter Day for each Private Militia Man, with the Addition of Sixpence per Day for each Corporal of the Militia, so to Where there shall be called out to Exercise, for the Number of Days such Officers and Men shall be absent from Home on be independant account of such Exercise; and the said Regimental or Battalion Clerks are hereby required forthwith to Companies only, p3y to each Captain of the said Regiments or Battalions, the Proportion of Pay belonging to each Cap-r«ai l^mkfue tain, and likewise the Pay belonging to their respective Companies.

Pay to the Captains, according to the Rate here set down. Clerk to pay over the Money to the respective Captains.

Captains to make

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Captain of each Company shall make up an Account of all up the\r Account Monies received and paid by him on account of such Exercise, according to the following Form;

according to the iollo wing Form;

County of Dr. Per Contra Cr.

To Cash received of the Regimental or Battalion Clerk, or Receiver General [as the V Case shall be) for Days Pay of, Men

By my Pay as Captain Paid Lieutenant Paid Ensign

Paid Militia Men?

Days 5

Paid additional Pay to )

Corporals Days J

to be signed by them, and coun-

tersigned by the Comtv.andingOf-

ficer,

and delivered, withtbe Bounce, Durirg the Time the Tmops are emb and «al\6d out into ac-

Which Account shall be signed determined by the said Captain, and countersigned by the Commanding Officer; and such Captain shall, within 'Fen Days after the Time such Exercise is fimshed, deliver such Account, and pay the Balance, if there be any due, to the Regimental or Battalion Clerk; or, if Captain of an Independant Company, to the Receiver General: And such Accounts shall be allowed as sufficient Vouchers in the passing of the Accounts of such Receiver General, at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer.

to the Cieik, or Kcc-iver-general. Accounts allowed sufficient Voucher*.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company of Militia, is or shall be embodied, and called out into actual Service, and thereby the Officers and Private Militia Men are or shall be intitled to the same Pay as the Officers and Private Men in His Majesty's

other

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 9. 647

other Regiments of Foot receive, all Pay from the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for *uai Serv'rc, and the County, Riding, or Place, to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company of Militia shall belong, whether to the Adjutants, Serjeants, Private Militia Men, or others; and all Money al-cc6aupa0y7andAllowed as atorrlaid for the contingent Expellees of such Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company iowjnc</ hom of Militia; and also the Allowance to the Clerk of such Regiment or Battalion; shall, during such Time the Roceivm-fe. of actual Service, and until such Regiment, Battalion, prlndcpendant Company, shall be diferpbodied, neral arctoceafe. and return Home, cease and not to be paid.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the said Receiver or Receivers of the Land Tax shall pay to the Cleric of Receiven-gene-

the General Meetings his Allowance at the Rate of Five Pounds live Shillings for each Meeting, upon his|^a,ccstoClrrk* producing an Order or Orders for that Purpose from His Majesty's Lieutenant, or from Three Deputy Lieu- 0°f jhc^Goncral tenants assembled at some General Meeting or Meetingsand shall also pay to each and every of the Clerks of Meeting, and the Subdivision Meetings their several Allowances, at the Rate of One Pound One Shilling for each \hc Clerk* of the Meeting, upon his or their producing an Order or Orders from One or more Deputy Lieutenant or ^bdlMl,on Deputy Lieutenants, assembled in the several Subdivision Meetings; which said Order or Orders flu 11 EducingOrdeit be to the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land 'Fax, a sufficient Discharge for the Payment ofjIOm the Lieutc-such Allowances, and be allowed in his or their Account. nant or Deputy

lieutenants. Orders to difi-hvge Re* ceivers-general.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia, R<*pinunt.u and shall give Security to the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax of the County, Riding, or Ba:Uion CIc^» Place, to which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong, by a Bond to His Majesty in the Penalty of:v?,vc. Sccur, ty, One Half of the Sum required for the whole Year’s Charge of the Regunent or Battalion of Militia to hunting for the* which such Clerk shall belong, for duly answering and paying such £>ums as he shall, from Time to Monies received Time, have received, and foFdulv accounting for the same, and for Performance of the Trust hereby in by them;

him reposed; which said Bond shall be lodged in the Hands of the Receiver or Receivers General or the th- B>nds to be Land Tax for the respective County, Riding, or Place, who, in case the said Regimental or Battalion lodged with the Clerk shall not duly perform the Conditions comprized in the said Bond, shall, and is hereby required KJceivt*,rs’Bcn*e~ forthwith to put the said Bond in Suit in the Name of His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors; the Full sl.it determined by them c* Costs and Charges of which Suit, in case Judgement shall be given against such Regimental or Battalion Nonperformance Clerk, shall be paid by him to the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, who shall like-«f the Condiii-wife be intitled to, and receive to his or their own Use, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum out of all such ons?

Monies as shall be by him or them recovered thereon; and shall account for the Residue thereof with *0.

the proper Auditor of His Majesty's Revenue; the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax Ful/cVfhan* charging himself or themselves therewith, upon the next Account of the Land Tax to be by him or Charges, and 5 I. them puffed. per Cvrnt. of the

Money recovered; the Residue to be accounted for to the Auditor.

XV. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of every Regiment or Battalion of Militia, and the Captain The Regimental

Tax for the County, Riding, or Place, to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company are ^deliver m shall belong, a fair Account in Writing, of all Monies by him received and disbursed for the Service of Accounts ot their

of an Independant Company respectively, shall be transmitted by the said Receiver or Receivers General ceivers general of the Land Tax, into the Office of the proper Auditor of His Majesty's Revenue. w!», arctotr^nf-

frit the Accounts into the Au litoi’s Other.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Penalties, all Costs and Charges of Suit, and all Rt‘tCttry of Sums of Money, for which any Person or Persons is or are by this Act made answerable, may and shall nall, C5»

be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Eiloin, Wager at Law, or Protection, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, that no Fee or Gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid No Fre payable for or upon account of any Warrant or Sum of Money which shall be issued in relation to, or in nurfu- for any Warr"nl

anrr nf rhi* Ad* or Sum of Money

5 issued in pursuance of this Act.

f XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Person being on Half-pay, or being intitled to 0fricrrso" any Allowance, as having served in any or either of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, or Regiment of rr-

Horse reduced, and serving in the Militia, shall and may, and he is hereby impowered to receive and ccive the Subfiu take the Subsistence-money by this Act directed to be paid to Captains, Lieutenants, or Ensigns; and trace-money

the receiving and taking such Subsistence-money by any such Captain, Lieutenant, or Erisign, shall not p^xabie to Lieu* be deemed a receiving or Taking Pay, so as in any Manner to prevent such Person on Half-pay, or being intitled to any such Allowance, from receiving his Half-pay, or such Allowance; and such Person shall Jawing"5

take the following Oath before some Justice of the Peace, who is hereby impowered to administer the same; Oath before

Justice.

4 T A B do swear, That I had not, between the any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil The Oath,

4 1 or Military, under His Majesty, besides my Allowance of Half-pay as a reduced in

late Regiment of (or Allowance as in late

Troop of Horse Guards, or Regiment of Horse reduced) save and except-my Sub-

i iatu.ee as a Lieutenant or Ensign, as the Case n.ay be> for serving in the Militia of the County 0i

And

648 C. 9, 10, ir. Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770

And the taking the said Oath shall be sufficient to entitle such Person to receive his Half-pay, or the said Allowance, without takipg any ether Oath; any Law, Usage or Cuflcm, to the contrary thereof Recei Wt-rne- flOtwithfandine.

hi, upon recci?-

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receiver General of the Land in|* Warrant Tax, so soon as he shall receive au Warrant under the Hand of the Colonel or Commanding Officer of from the Gom- their respective Regiments or Battalions, certifying the Receipt of the Cloathing, and an Order from the said imdins offidrr, Colonel or Commanding Officer for the Money due on account of the same, payable to the Person or ctipt^o?the c’Persons who furnished the said Cloathing, shall pay the Sum mentioned in such Order to the Person in-cioa thing, *nd ao titled to receive the same; and such Warrant and Order, together with the Receipt of the Person receiv-p:der for ^ay- ing the said Money, shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Receiver General.

roeat,i«to pay the famr acconiingly.

If any Reg ment,

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Regiment, Battalion, of cease,3s. Independant Company, shall cease and determine, during the Continuance of this Act, the Sum of *idt!Tth^Ad'u! Three Shillings per Diem shall be paid to such Person as has actually served as Adjutant to such Re-taot from* such* fid men t, Battalion, or Independartt Company, from the Time such Regiment, Battalion, or Independant T:me to *5 Company shall cease, to the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-onc. AUrch, 1771.

CAP. X.

An Act to permit the Exportation of Ma!t.

Fietable. € TT 7HEREAS an Act was made in this present Session of Parliament for continuing an Act made in the lift Session of Parliament, to prohibit, for a further Time, the Exjportation of Com, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, B ead, Biscuit, and Starch, and also the Extraction 0/ Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, whereby the said Act was continued until the Twentieth Day after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament; with a Proviso, That the said Continua-So much ef the4 tion might be abridged, shortened, altered, or varied, by any other Act or Acts to be maJe in thi$ Act8of9 Geo. j.< present Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient, at this Time, to permit the Exportation of to Geo?3r*c 1. be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

as prohibits the Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliam??nt assembled, and Exportation of by the Authority of the same, That’from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said Acts, or Wait, lexica, either of them, as prohibits the Exportation of Malt, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

CAP. XI.

An Act for raising a certain Sinn of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills* for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy.

, Mg ft Grecians Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

4 \\T Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament 4 Y'Y assembled, towards railing the necofiary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Sum herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty, that it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the Treasury impow- fame, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now or Su^m1 coed for Time being, or any Three or more of them, or the ITigh Treasurer for the Time being, at any Time or Times before the Fifth Day of January One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, to cause Loans or Ext he- or direT any Loans to be taken or received at His Majesty's Exchequer, from any Person or Persons, quer Bill?; in the Natives or Foreigners, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or any Number of Exchequer Bills to be same Manner as made out there, for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in Loans and Exchequer Bills together, thUefiiuni^prc- K1 Whole, the Sum of One Million eight hundred thousand Pounds; in the same or like Manner, feribed* wirh re- Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and DircTions, as in and by an Act of this sped to Loan^ or present Session of Parliament, intituled, i An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Exchequer Bills Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred id To be uken^or anc* seventy/ are enacted and prescribed, concerning the Loans or Exchequer Bills to be taken or made rnTi°e.C U or in pursuance. of the said Act.

The chutes in IT. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, tiich d-\drent-Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in the said last men-ina to Loans or tioned AT, relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the same Act (except fudl

h Clauses as do charge the same on the 'l ares granted by the same Act, and except such Clauses as limit the

Rate of Interest to be paid for the Forbearance ot Money lent on the Credit of the said Act, and allb fvrnded to this except as is herein after mentioned) shall be applied and extended to the Loans and Exchequer Bills to

Act, be made in pursuance of this Act, as* fully and efteTually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same

Loans or Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned AT, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enaTed in the Body of this Act.

Exchequer Bills

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Exchequer Bill 1© nTucd, not to or Bii]s to be made out by virtue of this Act, shall, after the same hath or have been issued at the 2 Exchequer,

A.D. 1770. Anno decfmo Georgii III. c. 11,12. 649

Exchequer, be afterwards, at any Time before the Sixth Day of Aprils One thousand seven hundred Je received igai* nd seventy-onc, received or taken, or pass or be current, to any Receiver or Collector in Great Britain T^?cntofaD* of the Customs, Excise, or any Revenue, Supply, Aid, or Tax whatsoever, due or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors, or at the Receipt of the Exchequer, from any such Receiver or Collector,

or from any oMier Person or Persons. Bodies Politick or Corporate, otherwise or on any other Account than for the Discharge and Cancelling of such Bills, in case the same shall be in due Course or Order of Payment, before the said Sixth Day of April\ nor shall any such Receiver or Collector exchange, at ner exchanged, any Time before the said Sixth Day of Aprils for any Money, of such Revenues, Aids, Taxes, or Sup- before 6 AptU* pli:s, in his Hands, any Exchequer Bill or Bills which shall have been ill'ued as aforesaid by virtue of ,771* th is Act; nor shall any Action be maintained against any such Receiver or Collector for neglecting or Action not to lie refusing to exchange any such Bill or Bills for ready Money, before the said Sixth Day of April; any for such RefufeV Thing in the said Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, ‘An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy,* or this Act, contained to the contrary notwithstand-

infir

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Loans or Exchequer Bills,

together with the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges, incident to or attending the same, shall be, out°of Cthe-and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid or borne by or out of the first Aids or next Parliamen-Supplies, which shall be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and in case sufficient Aids or Sup- tary Aids; if plies, for that Purpose, shall not be granted before the Fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred £or>er bc g^ted and seventy-one, then all the said Loans or Exchequer Bills, with the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Jhc^to b/charg-Charges, incident to or attending the same, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Cd on the Sink-Monies as, at any Time or Times at or after the said Fifth Day of July, shall be or remain in the Re- ingFund. ceipt of the Exchequer, of the Surpluses, Excesses, Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing

the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such Monies of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf); and such Monies of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be iflfued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly stated and ascertained, for and towards paying oft’, cancelling, and discharging such Loans or Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium, Rate, or Charges, until the Whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Monies shall be Monie« G> Issued so issued out of the said Surpluses, Excesses, Overplus Monies, or other Revenues composing the Sink-

ing Fund, shall, from Time to Time, be replacd by and out of the first Supplies to be then after puCSic up" granted in Parliament; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it declared and further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawfultoaS*

for the Governor* and Company of the Bank of England, to advance or lend to His Majesty, in like Man- tam^the said 4ier, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of Loan granted by this Act, any Sum or Sums Sum on the Cre« of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One million eight hundred thousand Pounds; any die of thi* Att$ Thing in an Act made in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary^ intituled, An Act for granting to Their Majesties several Rate9 and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and *

Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantges, in *

the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France,* to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XII.

An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound, with WtlliamHill and John Dyer, a Debt due to the Crown from William Pye7 for which they are Sureties.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS Wiliam Hill and John fiycr, together with Thomas Mills, who lately died insolvent,

by Three several Bonds, Two of them bearing Date the Thirtieth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and sixty-one, and the other of them the Fourteenth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, did become bound, with and as Sureties for William Pye Esquire, late Receiver-

fencral of the Land Tax of the Jlatcs and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, and of all ’enfions and other Gratuities payable out of any Revenues belonging to His Majesty, exceeding the Value of One hundred Pounds per Annum, arising within the County of Cornwall, in the penal Sums of Sixteen thousand Pounds, Three thousand Pounds, and Fifteen hundred Pounds, respt dtively, for the said William Ppe s duly accounting for the Taxes, Rates, and Duties aforesaid, at the respective Times and in the Manner therein mentioned: And whereas the said It'AUam Pye & id, in Part-performance of the Conditions of the said Bonds, pay into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, and on Account of the Militia raised for the County of Cornwall, several considerable Sums, in Pait of the said Revenues arising within the said County put in Charge upon, and received by. him; but the said William jP>v, being found negligent in his Duty, was diimifled from his said Employment, and then flood indebted to His said Majesty in a large Sum of Money, on Account of his said Receivcrship: And whereas the Lid William Hilly having Notice of such the Failure of the said William Pye, took a Journey from a

650 C. 12, 13. Anno decimo Georgii III, A.D. 1770.

remote Part of Cornwall to London, and by the Diligence and Attention of him and the said John Dyer^ 4 aided by an Extent issued against the said William Pyey protected a considerable Part of his Estate and Fffc&s against a Commission of Bankruptcy, which had been issued against him: And whereas the said

William Hill and John Dyer have, at sundry Times, paid, into the Receipt of His said Majesty's Exchequer, several Sums, amounting in the Whole to Seven thousand and seventeen Pounds, raised, reco vered, and received by them, partly by and out of the Estate and Effedb of the said William Pye, and partly upon their own Credit: And whereas the said William Hill and John Dyer have paid, and are liable to pay to Agents concerned in transacting the Affairs of the said William Pyt, the Sum of Six hundred Pounds and upwards, independent of their own Loss of Time, Trouble* and Expences: And whereas there still Hands in Charge of the said Debts unsatisfied, against the said William Pyey the Sum

1 4 of Eleven thousand one hundred and sixty-two Pounds, but the Account of the said William Pye hath

' 4 not been made up and settled relative to the said Transactions; yet, was such Account liquidated,

sundry Articles of Credit would be found due to the said William Pyir, and would greatly reduce the said Sum so appearing to be due from the said William Pye as aforesaid: And whereas divers Debts due* 4 to the Estate of the said William Pye are still out-standing, to the Amount of Five thousand Pounds and upwards, a state whereof the said William Hill and John Dyer have caused to be laid before His Majesty's Solicitor for the Affairs of Taxes, in order to tuch Course being taken for the Recovery thereof as shall be thought expedient: And whereas the Misfortunes the said William Hill and John Dyer ' 4 labour under, as Surities for the said William Pye, arq much enhanced by the Death and Insolvency of the said other Surety of the said William Pye, and, was the Whole of the said Demand required to be satisfied by the said William Hill and John Dyer, it would subject them and their Families to infur-. 4 mountable Difficulties and Distress, which can only be averted by their being permitted to compound for the said Debt of the said William Pye, so far as concerns themselves: May it therefore please Your Majesty, upon the humble Petition of the said William Hill and John Dyer, that it may be enacted./ and be it enacted by the King’s jnoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the Ixchcq-ier im- some, That it shall and^ may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for executing the Office of Trca-poweicj to com- flirer of His Majesty's Exchequer for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord ^mHiTianJJohn High Treasurer of Great Britain* for the Time being, at any Time before the First Day of January, Dyer, &c.aDebt which, shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and feverrty-one, to make such aue to His Ma-Agreement or Agreements, Composition or Compositions, with the said William Hill and jehn Dyer, or either of them, their or either of their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, so far as concerns them respectively, for or concerning the said Debt so due to His Majesty, and for which they are Sureties as aforesaid, as to the said Commiiftonexs for executing the said Office of X^afujer of His Majesty's Exchequer, or any Three or more of them* or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, shall seem. meet.

payment of IE And be it further enacted, That the said William Hill and John Dyer, reflectively, and their re— *h.ch Compofi- spefltive Heirs, Executors, and Administrators* or such of them as shall pay into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer the Suin or Sums of Money which, by such Composition or Compohtions, shall be agreed on to be paid by them respectively, shall, from and immediately after such Payment or Payments be made, and he and they respectively are hereby acquitted, released, and discharged of and from the said. Debt, and every Part thereof} and then and from thenceforth the said several Obligations, and all and their Obligations every other Obligation, or Obligations, entered into by the said William Hill and John Dyery or either sobedischarged; of them> as Sureties for the said William Pye as. aforesaid, shall be, and the same is and are hereby declared to be, satisfied, to alt Intents and Purposes, as-to him and them so having made such Payment or Payments as aforesaid.

Hut the Bonds, as IU. Provided always, That nothing in this Aftcontained shall extend, or be construed to extend, ta l0" Pye vacate the said Bonds, as to the said William Pyey his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, or the Heirs, iSiiiF, not hereby Executors, or Administrators of the said William Mills, or todischargq him, them, or any of them, of vacated* 7 or from, the said Debt* or any Pact thereof*.

e a P: xnr.

An Act For enabling His Majesty to grant the Inheritance in Fee Simple of the Manor of, C&shamr in the County of Wilts* with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereof,.

now held, under a Demise by Letters Patent under the Seal of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, in Trust for Paul Methuen Esquire, under the said Paul Methuen, and his^ Heirs, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same.

WHEREAS His tete Majesty King George the Second, by Letters Patent under the Seal of His Vy Court of Exchequer, bearing Date the Twenty-second Day of June, in the Fifth Year of His Reign, as well for and in consideration of a Fine of Eighteen Pounds, as for and in consideration of the yearly Rent therein reserved, and of the Covenants, Conditions, and Agreements therein contained, and herein after mentioned, did demise, grant, and to farm-let unto George Duckett Esquire,

the Manor of Cosham in the County of Wilts, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereof,.

L, and all those Annual Rents, or Quit Rents, and Rents Assize, of the Free and Customary Tenants.

there, amounting to the annual Sum of Seventy-three Pounds, Six Shillings, and Eight-pence Half- penny} and also all that new Rent there, amounting to the annual Sum of Seventeen Shillings and Eight-t pence Halfpenny 5 and glfg all and all Manner of Customary Fines* and other Fines and Amerciaments*.

!^5’

A.D. 177®. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 13.

Fishings, Free Warren, Franchises, PerquHites of Courts, Heriots, Reliefs, Royalties, and all other Profits whatsoever to the said Manor belonging; excepting all Lands and Tenements demised pr demifeable by His Majestyfor any Term of Years, or for Lives, and all annual Rents reserved or to be paid for the same, and also all Great Trees, and Timber Trees, and all Woods, Mines, and Quarries, in, upon, or under the said Manor; to hold to the said George Ducketty his Executors,'Administrators, and Af-signs, from the Eighteenth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, for the Term of Twenty-five Years, and Half of another Year; rendering and paying the refore yearly unto His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, for and in respect of the said demised Premises, the several yearly Rents therein and herein after mentioned; that is to say. For and in respect of the aforesaid annual Rent of the Free and Customary Tenants of the said Manor, the yearly Rent of Seventy-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence; and for and in respect of the aforesaid new Rent, the yearly Rent of Seventeen Shillings and Eight-pence Halfpenny; and for and in reflect of the Profits cif Courts, and other the aforesaid Premises, the ancient yearly Rent or Sum of hour, Pounds; which said several Rents, making together the Sum of Seventy-eight Pounds, Four Shillings, and Four-pence Halfpenny, were to be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, or into the Hands of the Bailiff or Receiver-general of the County of Wilts for the Time being, in Manner in the said Demise or Grant mentioned; and the said George Duckett did thereby covenant to repair, support, and maintain all the Houses, Edifices, and Structures, and all Hedges, Ditches, Fences, and Inclosures to the said Premises, in all necessary Repair and Amendment; it being by the said Letters Patent granted unto the said George Duckett, that he might, during the Term thereby granted, take from the said Premises competent and sufficient House-bote, Hedge-bote, Fire-bote, and Plough-bote and Cart-bote, the same to be used upon the said Premises: And whereas His said late Majesty, by like Letters Patent under His Exchequer Seal, bearing Date the Ninth Day of August, in the Twenty-second Year of His Reign, in consideration of a Fine of Sixteen Pounds, did farther demise imto Thomas Ducketty Sen of the said George Duckett, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all and Angular the said Premises comprised in the said Letters Patent, for a further Term of Twenty-four Years, from the Twenty-ninth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, at and under the like Rents, Covenants, and Conditions, as were contained in the said First recited Letters Patent: And whereas by Indenture, bearing Date the Sixth Day of November, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-five* between the said Thomas Duckett of the one Part, and Daniel Bull Esquire of the other Part, the said Thomas Duckett, for the Consideration therein mentioned, did bargain, fell, assign* and set over to the said Daniel Bull, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the said Manor, Rents, and Premises, so demised and granted to the said Thomas Duckett, and all his Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, and Term of Years therein, together with the last-recited Letters Patent, for the Remainder of the said Term of Twenty-four Years then to cbtne, and unexpired: And by Indenture, bearing Date the Fifth Day of December\ One thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, between the said Daniel Bull of the First Part, Paul Methuen Esquire of the Second Part, and the Right Honourable Francis Earl Brooke of Warwick Ca/Ue and the Earl of Warwick, of the Third Part; the said Daniel Bull for the Considerations therein mentioned did bargain, fell, assign, and set over unto the said Francis Earl Brooke and Earl of Warwick, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the said Manor, Rents, ind Premises, so bargained, fold, and assigned by the said Thomas Duckett to the said Daniel Bull, and ail his Estate, Right, Title, Interest, and Term of Years therein, together with the said last recited Letters Patent, in iruft for the said Paul Methuen, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, during the Residue and Remainder of the said Term of Twenty-four Years then to come and unexpired: And whereas the Free. Customary, and of Tenants of the Manor of Cojhcrm, by virtue of divers Grants from Richard Earl of Cornwall, and from some of his Majesty's Predecessors, have long enjoyed many special Customs, Privileges, and Exemptions, together with the Pasturage of divers Commons or waste Grounds within the Manor, and pay very ffiiallcertain Fines for Admissions to their Estates; and the Rents and Profits of the Manor are collected by a Bailiff chosen by the Tenants of the Manor, by whose Accounts it appears, that the Profits of the Manor and Courts have amounted to no more, for Ten Years past, upon an Average, than to about Two Pounds, One Shilling and Four-pence Farthing a Year over and above the said Rents reserved to the Crown: And whereas there are not now any Lands in the said Manor demised or demifeable by the Crown, save what are contained in the said Demises to the said George Duckett and Thomas Duckett, herein before set forth: And whereas by the ancient Usages and Customs of the Manor, the Free and Customary Tenants thereof are intituled to all the Timber and other Trees growing upon their respective Estates within the said*Manor, and as far as Five Feet and an Half from the T. ether or Middle Part of their outward Fences: And whereas 4

by the Neglect of the former Leflces of the Crown, the Tenants of the said Manor, before the Lid Thomas Duckett assigned the same to the said Daniel Bully did cut down and destroy the Timber and other Trees growing upon the Commons and Waste Grounds and Lanes within the said Manor, and applied the same to their own Uses, so that there is not now more than sufficient left for the Purposes of the Botes granted to the Lessee of the Crown; and the Commons and Waste Ground are not maintained and kept up in the Order and Condition they ought to be, for the Benefit of the Lord of the Manor and the Tenants thereof: And whereas the said Paul Methuen has, for some Time past, been engaged in a Suit with the Free, Customary, and of Tenants of the said Manor, in Defence of - he Rights of the Crown, as well to the Trees still remaining and being upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Manor, as to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and hath obtained a Verdict at Law in EstablishmeiU of these Rights; and the said Paul Methuen would now proceed to clear and improve the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and to replant proper Parts

f)£2 C. 13. Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

thereof, and fence and guard the same from Cattle, but the Expence of such Works and Improvements,

with the Charges the said Paul Methuen hath already been put to, will be so great, that no Lessee for a,

Term of Years only can be expected to undertake the same; for want of which Improvements the said Commons must remain of little Use and Value to the Lord, and the Tenants of the said Manor and the Publick is deprived of the Benefit which would result from such Plantations and Increase of Tim- her, as is proposed to be made and provided for by the said Paul Methuen: In order therefore that the said Premises may be improved and planted^ in a proper and effe ctual Manner, the said Paul Methuen hath made his most humble Suit to Your Majesty, that Your Majesty would be graciously pleased to- give Leave, that a Bill may be brought into Parliament, to enable Your Majesty to grant the Inheri- tance in Fee-simple of all and every the said Manor, Rents, and Premises, so demised to the said Thomas Duckett, unto the said Paul Methuen, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, without and freed from and discharged of all the Exceptions contained in the said Demile, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same; and Your Majesty hath been graciously pleased to signify Your Consent thereto:

May it therefore please Your most Excellent Majesty (at the humble Petition of the said Paul Methuen)

that it may be enacted;' and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affenn-The King 5m. bled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful to and for the King's most Excellent powered to grant, Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, at any Time or Times hereafter, by any Letters Patent, Indenture byp^tt|MPKCnt, or In°entl, res> tinder the Great Seal of Great Britain hereafter to be made* to give and grant unto the mwnanad^uate^ Methuen and his Heirs, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid by the said Paul Me-Confident ion, dhuen or his Heirs, for the same, to be valued and ascertained by the proper Officers of the Crown for the the Manorof Co-Time being, the said Manor of Cosham, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, and all those Annual Rents or Quit Rents, and Rents of Assize of the Free and Customary Tenants there, amounting to the annual Sum of Seventy-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence Half-penny (be the same more or less): and also all that new Rent there, amounting to the annual Sum of Seventeen Shillings and Eight-pence Half-penny (be the same more or less); and all Timber and other Trees, and alL Woods, Mines, and Quarries, in, upon, or under the aforesaid Manor, or any Part or Parcel thereof* growing and being, an3 the Soil of all the Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Manor; and also all and all Manner of Customary Fines and other Fines and Amerciaments, Fishings, Fiee-warren, Franchises, Perquisites of Courts, held or to be held within the said Manor, Heriots, Reliefs, Royalties, and all other Profits whatsoever to the aforesaid Manor belonging, or in any Manor appertaining or reputed to be heretofore demised, used, or enjoyed as Part, Parcel, or Member thereof, or growing, arising, or in any Manner accruing or coming within the said Manor, or any Part or Parcel of the tame and all and angular other the Premises contained and comprised in the herein-before recited Letters Patent, without, and freed from, and discharged of the Exceptions contained in the said Demise, by Letters Patent herein before mentioned to be made on the Ninth Day of August, in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, to the said Thomas Duckett, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns; and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder or Remainders, of all and Angular the said Manor, Rents, Hereditaments, and Premises, to hold the said Manor, Rents, Hereditaments, and all and singular other the Premises unto, and to the Use of the said Paul Methuen, his Heirs and Assigns forever, yielding and paying the refore yearly to His said Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, such yearly Rent or Rents as shall be fixed and ascertained by the proper Officers of the Crown Tlentito be paid for the Time being; the same to be paid by the said Paul Methuen, by even Half-yearly Payments, that Half-yearly into is to say, on the Tenth Day of October, and Fifth Day of April, in each and every Year, into the Re-the Exchequer. cejpt Gf His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, or into the Hands of the Kind’s Bailiff or Receiver-and carried into general for the County of Wilts for the Time being; which said yearly Rent or Rents shall be, during UeSinkingFund. His present Majesty's Life, carried to, and made Part of, the General and Aggregate Fund established by the Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, and be, during the said Term, issued and applied to the Uses to which the said fund is or shall be made applicable.

Manner of col- H. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter, ^:tvary, or prejudice the present Manner of colletftinjj and receiving the Annual Rents or Quit Rents of Assize c,00taI"of the Free and Customary Tenants of the said Manor, amounting together to the annual Sum of Seventy-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence; and the new Rent there amounting to the Sum of Seventeen Shillings and Eight-pence Half-penny; but that the same shall continue to be levied, collected, and paid in the same Manner, and by the same Ways and Means, and under the same Powers and Authorities for enforcing the Payment thereof, as if this Act had not been made.

The Grant to be

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Grant of the said Manor, Rents, deemed good in Hereditaments, and Premises, or any Part thereof, as shall be made by his Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors, by any such Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, shall be, and is and are hereby enacted to be good and effectual in the Law, according to the Tenor and Purport notwithstanding thereof in the said Letters Patent, Indenture, or Indentures, to be txprested, notwithstanding any Restric-Act 1 Anne $ tion, or Matter or Thing contained in an Act of Parliament made in the First Yenr of the Reign or Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Support of Her Majesty's Household, and of the Honour an i Dignity of Her Crown, or any ocher Law or Statute, or any Misrecital, Nonrecital, Omission, or other Defeat in the said Letteis Patent, Indenture or Indentures, hereafter to be made, in any wise notwithstanding.

referred

IV. Provided always, and be.it ena&eJ, That from and immediately after the making of such Grant or

x-uu, *c. Grants as aforesaid, the Rent or Rents reserved by the said recited Letters Patent, or either of them and

all.

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 13, 14. ,653,

all and every the Conditions, Covcnanfs, and Agreements in the same Letters Patent, or either of them contained, to be paid, observed, kept, or performed, shall ccafe, determine, and be absolutely exllingulshed, and the said Letters Patent be null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

V. Saving to all and every the Tenant and Tenants of the said Manor, all their Customs, Rights, and Reservation of Privileges, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they have hitherto held and enjoud Rl©hu the same; and saving to them, and to all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, their Heirs, Ecxecu-tors, and Administrators, and all Bodies Politick and Corporate, and their Successors (other than and except the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors) all such Estate, Right, Title, and

Interest, of, in, to, or out of the said Premises, or any Part thereof, as they, or any of them, have or might have had, if this act had not been made.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for paving, lighting, and watching the Town of Plymouth^ in the County of Devon j and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town.

[Preamble.]

4 W FIEREAS many of the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Dtvm, are at present very ill paved, and it would tend to the Safety and Convenience c of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and of all Persons resorting thereto, if Provision was made for repairing the Pavement of the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, and for keeping the same in Repair; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the same; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein; and for regulating the Carmen, Draymen, and Porters, and the Carriages to be used by such Carmen and Draymen, within the said Borough; May it please Your Majesty, that it may be en- acted; and 9 be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Town Clerk, Coroner, and Common Commissl°Her,» Council of the said Borough, for the Time being; Addis Archer Esquire, "John Bedford Clerk, John Baity Merchant, Harry Bewcs Esquire, William Brent Merchant, Samuel Champion Gentleman, John CAv:el M. D. Joseph Collier Merchant, John Coban Surgeon, John Culme Esquire, Richard Dunning Gentleman,

Michael Fanning Merchant, Joftas Foot Clerk, Jam s Fox junior Merchant, John Gandy Clerk, George Herbert Merchant, John Julian Clerk, George Leach Gentleman, Stephen Mignan Merchant, John Mudge Surgeon, Samuel Alufgrave M. D. Remundo Putt Gentleman, William Shepheard Merchant, Joseph Squire Merchant, Edward Stephens Gentleman, Vincent Warren Clerk, George Winne Merchant, George Wooll-combe Esquire, Thomas Woollcombe Surgeon, Charles Yonge Surgeon, shall be, and they are hereby consti- on Death, or Rcw tuted and appointed Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution; and when any of the Commissioners fufal to act, o-herein named, or hereafter to be elected, shall die, refuse toadt, or remove out of the said Borough', or the then to be Liberty thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners, or any sevenor fcn# more of them, at any Meeting, to elect a fit Person or Persons, to be qualified as hereafter m. ntioned, to supply the Place or Places of him or them so dying orrefufing to act, or removing out of the said Borough; and all Persons who shall be so elected, are hereby vested with the same Powers for putting this Act in Execution, as the Persons in whose Stead they were so elected were vtfied with.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commis- Comm:flinrer»

fioner, during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit, or have any Share or Interest in any Contract "^cd* relating to the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act. "c c

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall mcetFitft

at the Guildhall within the same Borough, on the Tuesday Three Weeks next after patting this Act, between ^Conun.in.a-

the Hours of Ten of the Clock in tha Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon; and afterwards at such Tune cri*

and Place, within the same Borough, as shall be appointed for that Purpose, as often as it shall be necessary for putting this Act in Execution: And if at any Meeting, appointed to be held by virtue of this Act, there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Commissioners to act, and to adjourn to another 1)ay, or in case

the Commissioners so assembled shall omit or neglect to adjourn themselves; then, and in such Case, any

Seven of the Commissioners shall and may, by Notice in Writing, to lie ft. ck up on the Guildhall of the same Borough, at leaf! Ten Days before the n.xt Meeting, appoint the said Commissioners to meet at the

Place where the last Meeting was held; and the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may meet accordingly, at the Time mentioned in the laiJ Notice, and proceed to the Execution of this Act; And the said Commissioners shall at all their Meetings pay their own Expenses.

IV. And be it further enacted, That a. every Meeting of the said Commissioners to be held by virtue of

this Act, the Powers and Authorities hereby granted shall be carried into Execution by the major Part ofc^cneef^'’* y the Commissioners present, provided there are Seven or more present at such Meeting; and the Mayor for the Time being shall preside, and be called President; and in case of the Absence of the Mayor at such Me: ting, the Recorder shall be the President; and, in the Absence of the Recorder, the last Predecefibr of P c the Mayor shall be the Prciident; and, in the Absence of all of them, the senior Alderman, prefint at such Meeting, shall be the President; and if neither the Mayor, Recorder, the last Predecessor of the Mayor, or any of the Aldermen, shall be present at such Meeting; then, and in such Case, such One of the Commissionu "

J quail:

and tlu Jecifive Vote.

ner*. present, as the major Part of them attending liiall appoint, shall be the President; and in case of by of Voices (including the President’s own) such President shall, upon-alj Occasions, have another

654

Qaal'fits tion.

fMrhy rn it unqualified.

Crn^ifTorers

>.v appoint

Ci r’cs, Treasur* <r»; A.C.

5To account,

And deliver up all jBuokf, &c.

C. 14. Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

V. And be it further cnr.cded, That no Peifcn shall be qualified or capable of asting as a Comm banner in the Execution of tills Act, (except the Members of the Corporation of the same Borough for the Tims being) unless he shall be an Inhabitant of the same Borough, and shall be, in his own Right, or in the Righ: of his Wife, in the actual Possession, or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear Value of Forty Pounds; or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate to the Amount of One Thousand Pounds; and if any Person (e xcept the Members of the Corporation of the same Borough for the Time being) not heingfo qualified, shall presume to act contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Person {hdl, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to any Person or Persons wb.o shall sue for the same; to be recovered in any of His MajelL’s Courts of Record at Westminster with full Coils of Suit, by Action of Debt; and every Person so fir d shall prove that he is so

Jualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the art of him who shall sue for the same, than that such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act; One Moiety whereof to be paid to the Person who shall sue for the same, for his own Use; and the other Moiety to be paid to the Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Seven or more of them shall appoint; the same to be applied for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall appoint.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time, to nominate and appoint so many Clerks, Treasurers, Collec-- tors, Scavengers, Rakers, or Clcanfers of the Streets within the said Borough, and such Keepers and Lighters of Lamps, and other Officers, as they shall think proper; and to remove and displace them, or any of them respectively, as they shall see Occasion, and appoint others in their Stead, in case of Death or Removal, and also to limit and appoint what Wages and Allowances shall be paid and given to them respectively; and also to order and appoint how or in what Manner the Scavengers, Rakers, or Cleanfers, Keepers and Lighters of Lamps, and other Officers, shall respectively aft and execute their several Offices, Places and Employments; and shall also direct and appoint the Number and Sort of Lamps (not exceeding Two hundred) how and in what Parts of the said Borough they shall be set up, and to what Houses, Buildings, or other Places within the said Borough they shall be affixed, and for how long Time the same shall be and continue lighted; and also shall and may, from Time to Time, make such other Orders, Rules, and Regulations (not jnconfiftent with any Thing in this Act: contained) as the Nature of each particular Service shall seem to them to require, and from Lime to Time vaiy, alter, revoke, or make void any of their Rules or Regulations, at their Discretion, and to do such other Things as to them shall seem ticceflary and expedient for putting this Act in Execution; which Orders and Regulations so as aforesaid to be from Time to Time made, shall be valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes; and all and every such Officer and Officers as aforesaid shall give such Security for the due and faithful Performance of their respective Offices, as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think fit: And such Person or Persons as is or are hereby made liable to pay the several Rates or Sums of Money hereby granted, shall pay the same to such Person or Persons as shall from Time to Time by the said Commissioners be appointed to collect and receive the same; and all such Officers and Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, under their Hands, at such Time and Times, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct, deliver to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing, to be fairly entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Officer or Officers, and Person or Persons respectively received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payment, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands to the Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; and all the said Officers and Persons so accounting as aforesaid, shall upon Oath, if thereunto required, (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby impowered and required to administer) verify their said Accounts; and if any such Officer or Person shall not make and render, or shall refuse to verify on Oath any such Accounts, or to produce or deliver up the Vouchers relating to the same, or to make Payments as aforesaid; or shall not deliver to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Twenty Days after being thereunto required by the said Commissioners, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies as, upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts, shall appear to be in their respective Hands, to the said Commissioners, or as they shall direct or appeint; then, and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Commissioners may and are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought any Action or Actions. in the Names of such Commissioners, or in the Name or Names of any Two or more of them, against the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, in order for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; or if Complaint shall be made by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any one or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing, shall be and reside, such Justices shall and may, and are hereby ?tuth rifeJ and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing, to be brought before them; and if upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath such Justices are hereby impowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward) it shall appear to such Justices, that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act, shall ue iu ibe Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justices may, and are hereby authorised

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 14.655

fifed and required, upon Non-payment thereof, determined by virtue of a Warrant or Warrants under their'Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively: And if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Per- For WantofDifson or Persons can be found, sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of such Dif- trcfs» to be com# tress and Sale, then, and in either of the Casesaforesaid, such Justices shall commit every such Offender to miUcd* the common Gaol* of the same Borough, there to remain until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and shall have paid such Composition, in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby impowered to make) and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect! thereof to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons inha- RuIfg biting within the said Town of Plymouth, shall, from and after the Tuesday Three Weeks after the passing ing the StieeiH of this Act, sweep and cleanse, or cause to be swept and cleansed the Streets, Lanes, and Passages within the said Town, before or on the Sides of their respective Houses, Warehouses, Shops, Stables, and other Buildings (not being dead Walls) to the Middleof such Streets* Lanes, and Passages, Once in every Week*, that is to say, every Friday, between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Two in the Afternoon, or upon such other Days, and at such other Times as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall appoint, and cc>lie& and put together the Dirt and Soil in the said Lanes and Passages^ with the leaf! Obstruction to the Way, Road, and Passage, therein respectively that may be, to the End the same may be-ready for the Scavenger to carry away, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Two Shillings for every Offence or Negledb: And the Scavenger or Scavengers, or other Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to be from DutyofSca*eu$ Time to Time appointed for that Purpose, shall, and they are hereby required ta sweep and cleanse, orgers-cause to be swept and cleansed, before all void Houses, dead Walls, void or waste Grounds and Places,

Churches, Churchyards, Chapels, the Guildhall, and other publick Buildings, within the said Town, at such Times as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and collect! and' put together the Dirt and Soil thereof, in the Manner aforesaid, to the End the same may be ready for loading and carrying away, upon Pain of forfeiting Ten Shillings for every Offence or Neglect; and no Person or Persons whatsoever shall throw, call, or lay, or cause, permit, or suffer to be thrown, call, or laid any A(he9, Rubbish, Duf!, Dirt, Dung, or other Filth or Annoyance whatsoever, in any Street, Lane, Rubbitfr-ornung* Passage, public Place or Watercourse within the said Town, (except the Dirt and Soil to be collected and put together as aforesaid, and except also as herein after mentioned) upon Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence Two Shillings, as herein after is directed; but shall, and he, {he, and they are hereby required to keep, or cause the same to be kept, in their respective Houses, Backsides, or Yards, until such to Time as the Scavenger, or other Officer thereto appointed, shall come by or near their Houses or Doors with a Cart or Carts, or other Convenicncies to carry away the same* upon Pain of forfeiting Two Shillings for every such Offence; which Scavenger or Scavengers, or other Officer thereto appointed, in pursuance of this A£!, shall come on Friday in every Week, or on such other Days and Times as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them shall appoint, into such Parts of the Town as shall be so appointed, and bring or cause to be brought a Cart or Carts, or other Conveniences, into all Streets and Places within the said Town where such Cart or Carts, or other Conveniences can pass; and at or before their Approach* by Bell, loud Voice, or otherwise, shall give Notice of his or their coming, and give the like Notice ta the Inhabitants in every Court, Passage, or Place into which the said Cart or Carts, or other Conveniences cannot pass, and abide and flay there a convenient Time, so that the Inhabitants or Persons concerned respectively, may bring forth their Allies, Rubbish, Dull, Dirt, Dung, and Filth (except anyt Filth from any Privy or Necessary-house) to such Cart or Carts, or other Conveniencies; all which Affu s,

Rubbish, Duff, Dirt, Dung, and Filth, (except as aforesaid) as well as all such Dirt and Soil as shall be 3n<§ by whon> swept up and collected together as aforesaid, the said Scavenger, or other Officer appointed for that Pur-cmitfd awa3*

Fofe, shall then immediately, or as soon as may be, carry away, or cause to be carried away, gratis, upon ain of forfeitingTen. Shillings for every Offence or Neglect; and no Person or Persons whatsoever, shall take or carry away, or cause to be taken or carried away any Ashes, Dirt, Dust, Muck, Dung, or Manure out of the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages of the said Town, besides such Scavenger, or other Officer, to be appointed by the said Commissioners for that Purpose as aforesaid (except and unless the same shall be taken or carried away by the Person or Persons to w hom the same shall respectively belong, or by his, her, or their Order or Direction, before the Time that such Scavenger, or other Officer as aforesaid, shall come to carry away the same, and except such Muck, Dung, or Manure as shall be brought into the said Streets, Lanes, or Paffiages, from their respective Dungholes, or Dunghills, for the Convenience of loading and carrying away the same) on Pain of forfeiting and paying the Sum of Five Shillings for every such Offence; and no Inhabitant of the said Town, orany other Person, shall permit or suffer any Muck",.

Dung, or Manure, by them, orany of them brought, or cause to be brought into the said Streets, Lanes, or Passages as aforesaid, in order to be loaded and carried away, to continue or remain therein above the Space of Twenty-four Hours, on Pain of forfeiting Five Shillings for every such Offence.

VIII. Prowded always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may Tri)fleeff to eom* be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time, as they shall p0und wirh tha think proper, to compound with the Inhabitants, or any of them, of any Street, Lane, or Passage within inhabitants* the said Town, by the Year, ror such b im or Su .‘Sof Money as they the said Commissioners shall think

done b such Inhabitants respectively by virtue of this Act

: v/.u hi Advance: And the said Commissioners, orany rent LanYfor de-teu 'ri'.d Land, within the said Borough for depositing of poking ^ihcs>

hoil^&c*

b improper, for the Sweeping and (Yeanling to provided such Com pcfnior.-money be a,w Seven or more of them, shall have full Bov,

656 C. 14. Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 177

Soil, Ashes, Cinders, and Rubbish, in case they shall think proper so to do 5 and the Purchase-money of Rent thereof shall be paid out of the said Rates; and the Property thereof shall be, and is hereby vested in the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act.

Sciwnjnh°w

IX. And whereas the Corporation of the said Borough of Plymouth have, from Time to Time at the Ex- p 4 pence of the Corporation, found and provided Two Scavengers, Rakers, or Cieanfers of the Streets,

Lanes, and Passages within the said Town :* Be it therefore enacted, that from and after the passing this Act, the Sum of Forty Pounds per Annum, shall be yearly, and every Year, paid by the said Corporation to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall, from Time to Time, order and appoint to receive the same, upon Midsummer-diy in every Year, or within One Week then next following; and upon Nonpayment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, with full Costs of Suit, in the Name or Names of any Two or more of the said Commissioners, or in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk.

And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Property of all the present in f^h^Comm f. an<^ future Pavements in the Streets, Lanes, and Passages within the said Borough.; and of all Lamps, fiwjerjj Lamp-irons, and Polls, which shall be erected or fixed by virtue of this Act, and of all Materials, Imple-

ments, and other Things, to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Commissioners; and they, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, in the Name or Names of any Seven or more of them, or in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerks, or to prefer any Bill or Bills of Indictment, as the Case shall require, against any Person or Persons who shall steal, take, or carry away, spoil, injure, or who may <r-(\oe destroy any Part or Parts thereof; and the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall have of ut* lc;» Mate- f*u[] Power and Authority to sell and dispose of all or any Part of the old and useless Materials, to such Per-TU foil or Persons as shall be willing to purchase the same; and the Money arising therefrom shall be applied

to such and the same Purposes, as the Moriies arising from the Rates and Assessments in and by this Act di-Penalty for da- redled to be m^de, are directed to be applied: And if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously waging Lamp*, throw down, take away, extinguish, damage, or spoil any Lamp or Lamps put up by virtue of this Act, or wilfully damage the Ports, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, or wilfully hinder or obstruct any of the Commissioners OfRcers or Workmen employed in any Manner in the Execution of this Act, every Person or Persons so offending in any of the Matters aforesaid, which shall be taken and deemed distinct and fepa-, rate, shall, upon being convicted thereof, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or

his, her, or their own Confession, before any Justice of the Peace for the said Borough (which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward) shall forfeit for the first

Offence the Sum of Twenty Shillings; for the Second Offence, the Sum of Forty Shillings; and for the Third, and every other Offence, the Sum of Five Pounds; one Half whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Half to the said Commissioners, to be disposed of for the Purposes of this Act: And in case any Person or Persons shall carelessly, negligently, or accidentally break, throw down, or otherwise damage any of the said Lamps so put up as aforesaid, or the Irons, Ports, or other Furniture thereof, of extinguish the Lights thereof, and shall not immediately, upon Demand, makeSatisfaction for the Damage done thereto 5 then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any One or moie Justice or Justices of the said Borough, upon Proof thereof by Oath as aforesaid of One or more Witness or Witnesses, or by the Confession of the Party, to award such Sum or Sums of Money, by way of Satisfaction for such Damage, as such Justice or Justices shall think reasonable; and in case of Refusal or Neglect to pay any of the Sums of Money so awarded, within Six Days after Demand, to cause the same, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who shall lo have done such Damage, rendering to him, her, or them* the Overplus (if any shall be)‘after deducting the Costs.and Charges of such Warrant, and of such Distref* and Sale when demanded.

Po*er to place

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lamp*, and ap- said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from fointWuichiTion. Time to Time, as there shall be Occasion, to affix and set up, alter and take down, or cause to be affixed and set up, altered and taken down, such and so many Lamps (not exceeding Two* Hundred in the Whole) as they shall, from Time to Time, find necessary and expedient, in, upon, and from, any dead Walls, and the Outside Walls of any House or Buildings within the said Town, making good all such Damages as. may at any Time happen to be done thereby; and to appoint a competent Number of fit and able-bodied Men, not exceeding Twenty, to watch and guard the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages; and out of the Allcnvmee to Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, to make such Allowances to such Watchmen for Watchmen, their Attendance, and to give such Orders and Directions concerning the Manner in which the said Watchmen shall be armed and stationed, and for the due and regular Performance of the said Service, as the said Commissioners shall judge reasonable and expedient, and, from Time to Time, to remove any of the said W atchmen, and to appoint others in their Stead.

Commissioners

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and fav-Tent ot*e»he^>rtk~ ftdd Commissioners, from TimcroTime, and at ail Times, when and so often as the said Commissioners Streets'to be re- fh-H think pi oper, to order and direct all or any of the Pavemenrs in the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages, now ftfued. in being, or hereafter to be made, or any Part or Parts thereof, to be repaired, and the same, when necessary, to betaken up, and the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages, to be paved, re’aid, repaired, raised, lowered, or altered, and also robe cl can fed and freed from all Annoyances, Obilruclions, Nuisances, and Incroachmrr.ts whatsoever, and proper Drains to be made, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall th.uk proper; and the Person or Persons authorised or directed by them to do the same, hath and have hereby full Power and Authority to do the same accordingly.

1 X\IL And

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 14. 657

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing this Act, when and so often as the Co*iriffion#ri

Pavements of the Parade, Quays, Markets, and the several other Places within the said Borough, which t|*

have been usually paved and kept in Repair by the Corporation and the Owners thereof respectively, or Parvld^ &Cf when and so often as any Part or Parts of the Pavements of the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the said Borough, shall be taken up, injured, or damaged, by any Person or Persons employed by the Owner or Owners of any Water-pipes, or by the bursting or breaking of any Pipe or Pipes; in any of these cases, the same shall, with all convenient Speed, De repaired by the ravior or Paviors employed by the said Commissioners; and the Expence attending such Repairs shall be paid to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall, for that Purpose, appoint; and shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, with full Coils of Suit, in the Name or Names of any Two or more of the said Commissioners, or in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to compound and agree with the said Corporation, and Owner and Owners of the said Quays or Water-pipes respectively, for a certain Sum of Money by the Foot or other Measure, as to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall seem reasonable.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons appointed by them, may, and is and are hereby authorised and impowered, to cut, dig, take, and carry away, or cauie £ dig Stone* to be cut, digged, taken, and carried away, any Stones from any of the Quarries belonging to the said *c* Corporation, or from the Quarry under the Eastern Hie, proper to be used in repairing and amending Pavements of the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages, without paying any Thin^ for the same.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven Sign*, &c. to St or more of them, shall cause all Signs which now are, or at any Time hereafter shall be, placed or hung reisulate<1*

in any Part or Parts of the said Streets and Lanes, to be fixed or placed on the Fronts of such Houses respectively where to the same shall belong; also shall and may cauie all Sign-irons, Polls, and Boards, or other Things, occasioning any Obstruction, Projection, or Annoyance, in the said Streets and Lanes (Bulks only excepted) to be removed or altered in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think most proper and convenient; and for the future, all Signs and Boards shall be placed or fixed on the Fronts of the Houses or Buildings whereunto they respectively belong, and not otherwise: And if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time hereafter, hang, place, ered, or build, any Sign, Sign-poll or Iron, Board, Pent-house, Bulk, or Porch, or cause the same to be done, in any other Manner than as aforesaid, or shall, in any Manner occasion any Encroachment or Annoyance in the said Streets or Lanes; every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for each Day’s Continuance thereof.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid,'That if any Person or Persons Owner* may shall be minded or desirous, at his or their own Expence, Cost, and Charges, to remove or alter any such ^.mn°sve&t|lcl^ Sign, Sign-iron, Poll, Board, or other Thing occasioning any Obstruction, Projcdion, or Annoyance, thrown Ex-in the said Streets and Lanes as before directed; that then, and in such Case, all Materials unused, after pence.

the Alterations thereto made, shall be the Property of the Person or Persons so making or doing thereof; but if the same Alterations, or any Part thereof, shall be made or done at the Expence of the said Commissioners, then if any, or any Part of any such Sign, Sign-iron, Pcft, or Board, shall remain unused after the Alteration made thereto, as before directed, the same shall be the Property of, and is hereby vested in the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Spouts and Gutters belonging Water Spout* t*

to, and which convey Water from the Tops of the Houses, Warehouses, Shops, or other Buildings, bc br0ll^llt dow* thirdly into the Streets, Lanes, Ways, or publick Places within the said Town, shall, within Six Calendar Months after the passing this Act, be removed, and the Water shall be conveyed by Pipes to be c

brought down by the Sides or Fronts of such Houses, Warehouses, Shops, or other Buildings, into some und.r-ground Sewer, Ciflern, or Refcrvoir, or to the Ground, at the Costs and Charges of the respect

tive Owners or Proprietors thereof; and in case the same shall not be done within the Time aforesaid, the Occupier of every such House, Warehouse, Shop, or other Building, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Shillings for each and every Week any such Spout or Gutter mall remain, and the Water not be conveyed down as aforesaid, after the Time herein before limitcJ; and it shall and may be lawful for any Tenant or Tenants of any such House, Warehouse, Shop, or other Building aforesaid, and they are hereby required (in case of Neglect or Refusal by the respective Owners or Proprietors thereof) to alter such Spouts and Gutters in Manner herein before directed; and such Tenant or Tenants so altering such Spouts and Gutters, shall and may retain the Expence out of his, her, or their next Rent or Rents; and their rafpeclive Landlords are hereby required to allow the same; and that if any Person or Persons ll all hereafter creel, or cause to be eroded, any Spout or Gutter for conveying Water from any old or new House, Warehouse, Shop, or other Building, in any Manner contrary to the Directions and true Meaning of this Act, every such Person shall fortcit and pay the Sum of 'Fen Shillings for every Week such Spout or Gutter shall lerru.in.

XV. ll!. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Houses and Building:* hereafter H uiH &c. t* to I e built or new-fronted, in the said Streets or Lanes, or either of them, shall, for the cficdual and abfo-11 u' Per <*,'d'‘u* lire Prevention of all Projections, Annoyances, and inconveniencies thereby, rife perpendicularly from the Foundation; and if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, preftime to build fry'nttfa, nr new-front, or cause the same to be done, or rife other wise than perpendicularly from such Foundation, ft shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, under their Hi ds and Seals, to cause the same to be pulled down and removed determined by any Person, Workmen, or Persons they shall think fit; the Costs and Charges whereof shall be paid and reimbursed to the said Com-niiifioneis, or their Order, by the Owner or Owners of such Houses or Buildings, Person or Persons ordering or directing the lame.

Vui. X. 4 P XIX

658 C. 14.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

A.D.

Time when

SmI1% &c. a-e to be remo/td.

Annoyances to ht removed#

>77°-

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Stalls, Grates, Benches, and

Lumber, used in the said Town by any Person or Persons keeping Stalls or Standing in the Streets, shall be taken or carried away before Eleven of the Clock at Night, upon every Monday. ThurJ'day, and Saturday, in every Week, and before Ten of the Clock in the Evenings of.all other Days, by the respective Persons using the same, on pain of forfeiting Two Shillings and Sixpence for every Offence or Neglect therein.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in Case any Hogsty, Laystall, Necessary-house, Flefb, Dung, Carrion, Blood, Offal, Soil, or Filth, or any Allies, Cinders, or Rubbish, or any other noisome or offensive Matter whatsoever, shall be offensive to any Person in the said Town, the same shall be deemed a Nuisance and an Offence against this Act; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, upon Complaint thereof made to them by such Person, by Notice in Wric-

ing under the Hand of the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the Time being, to order any such Nuisance or Offence to be removed; and in case the same shall not be removed within Twelve Hours after such Notice given to the Person or Persons who ought to remove the same, such Person or Persons fha-ll forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Shillings daily, for every Day that the same shall continue unremoved after the Expiration of the said Time.

KBceflrary-houses

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Necessary-house or Bog-house, in the said Town, shall ’when to be emp-erT1ptied at any Time, except between the Hours'of Twelve at Night and Four in the Morning, or the Soil thereof shall be laid in any other Place than shall be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, by any Person or Persons; then, and in either of the said cases, as well as the Person or Persons knowingly employing any Person or Persons for that Purpose, as the Person or Persons committing the Offence, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings: And if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or negligently spill any of the Soil of any Necessary-house or Bog-house iirany of the said Streets, Lanes, or'Passages; every Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it any Person or Persons who shall contrail with the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to cleanse the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages as aforesaid, or any of them, or who.{half purchase the Soil there ff of the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, or any of his her, or their Servants or Agents, or if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall fife any Allies, Dull, or Cinders, either in or out of any Cart or Carriage, or in any other Manner howsoever, in any open Street, Court, Lane, Way, Alley or public Passage, within the said Town* every Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One Shilling.

XXIII. AncTbe k further enacted, That if any Person- or Persons whomsoever shall throw, call, or lay, or cause, or permit or suffer to be thrown, call, or laid, any Allies, Dull, Dirt, Dung, Soil, Filth, cw Rubbish, or the Refuse of any Garden-Stuff, or any Blood, Uffal, or Carrion, or any other noisome, offensive, or dangerous Matter or Thing whatsoever, into or in any Street, Court, Lane, Way, Alley, or public Passage in the said Town; every Person so offending, shall, for the first Offence, forfeit and pay One Shilling j for the second Offence, the Sum of Two Shillings; and for the third, and every other Offence, the Sum of Five Shillings.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Charges and Expences attending the repairing the Pavements, and removing Nuisances and Obstructions, from Time to Time, in the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages, by virtue of this Act, shall be borne and defrayed by the Owners and Proprietors of the several Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the said Town; and that all Persons seif-Jane*s*&c°is. to m Fee, or for Leases determinable upon Lives, or for Term of Years, not being Tenants at Rack borne.'*1 W Rent, shall be deemed such Owners and Proprietors: And that all Charges and Expences attending the Mow the Ex- sweeping, cleansing, and lighting and watching all.and every such Streets, Lanes, and Passa:e$, from the gencepfdeanf- passing of this Act, shall at all Times be borne and defrayed by the Tenants or Occupiers of the several ,n& J,ghh£ Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the said Town, and other the Inhabitants thereof, in Manner as herein after is mentioned, iw appointing XX V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Commissioners, Assessorf, or any Seven or more of them, shall, and may, yearly and every Year and so often as there shall be Occasion, under their Hands, nominate and appoint, and they are hereby impowered to nominate and appoint, Six or more Inhabitants in the said Town, to be Assessor of the Monty by this Act directed to be raised: And the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and required, once in every Year, to fix and ascertain, and as soon as may be afterwards to issue their Ordef, under their Hands, to the Assessors for the Time being, how much i*i the Pound shall be raised by Taxation, upon all such Owners and Proprietors as aforesaid, so as such Rate or Assessment shall not exceed in the whole Sixpence in the Pound in any one Year: And the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and required, once in every Year to fix and ascertain, and so soon as may be afterwards, to issue their Order under their Hands, to the Assessors for the Time being, how much in the Pound shall be raised by Taxation upon all such Tenants and Occupiers as aforesaid, who are rated to the Poor, so as such Rate or Assessment shall not exceed in the whole Nine-pence in the Pound in the two first Years after the passing this Act; and from and after the Expiration of Two Years after the passing this Act, no Rate or Assessment upon the Tenants or Occupiers shall exceed in the whole Sixpence in the Pound, in any one Year; which several and respective Rates and Assessments, as the same shall be directed by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, the said Assessor are hereby commanded and required to rate and assess, in Manner aforesaid; and the Owners and Proprietors, Tenants and Occupiers respectively shall, and are hereby made liable to pay the Whole of every such Rate or Assessmentt.

XXVI.

Ko Ash:i to be fitted, in any Street.

petMtfty on an-»«> ing the

the Ei-pence of repairing the Pavements and re-

find proportion, ifig Rates.

A.D. 1776. Anna decimo Georgii III. c. 14. 659

XXVI. And it is hereby farther enabled. That all Rates and Assessments which shall be made in pur- Ritetmay W fuance of this Act, shall be allowed and signed by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, tmeade4, and they shall and may have Power to amend any such Rates or Assessments, by inserting or striking out

the Name or Names of any Person or Persons who ought to have been rated, or who ought not to have been rated; which Person or Persons, whose Name or Names shall be so inserted, the said Assessors shall, and are hereby required to rate and assess according to the Tenor, true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and such Assessors shall appear and bring with them, at a Time] and Place to be prefixed in such Order,

Two Copies or Duplicates of such Assessments fairly written and subscribed by them, and shall deliver the same unto the said Commissioners; and shall, upon any reasonable Notice from, Time to Time to be to them given by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, or by their Clerk for the Assesson to m-Time being, attend upon them at any of their Meetings in pursuance of this Act, and at any Court or pear, and jollify Courts of Quarter Sessions, or at any Adjournment thereof, or otherwise, as there shall be Occasion, their Ritci. then and there to explain, amend, or justify, such their Assessments; and after the said Rates and Assessments are so mad® and confirmed, the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and required to cause the same to be collected and received as fojn as may be, of and from the Person and Persons respectively on whom the same be respectively rated, charged, and assessed; and shall and may, yearly and every Year and so often as there mail be Occasion, under their Hands, nominate and appoint the said Assessors, or any Six or more other Inhabitants or Re- Colle^or* t» kr fidents within the said Town, to be Collectors of and for the said Town of all such Rates and A fled-ments respectively as aforesaid; and shall and may, and they are hereby required, from Time to Time, as soon as may be after such Rates and Assessments are made and brought in, to issue their Order under their Hands to the said Collectors for the Time being, and thereby to direct them jointly and severally to collect and receive, and the said Collectors are hereby commanded and required to collect and receive accordingly, within Fourteen Days from the Date thereof, or sooner, if it can be done, the respective Sums of Money expressed or contained in such respective Assessments as aforesaid 5 Duplicates of which Assessments under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall be delivered, together with the said Order, to such Collectors respectively; and as well such Assessors as aforesaid^ as all the said Collectors to'whom any Order or Orders from the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time be directed in pursuance of this Act, shall obey and execute the same in all Respects; and the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may from Time to Time, as they fee Occasion, remove any Assess’or or Assessors, Collector or Collectors, and appoint any other or others, being Inhabitant and Resident as aforesaid, in his or their Stead: And in case any Person or Persons so rated, assessed, or charged as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to pay any such Rate or Assessment to the Collector or Collectors for the Space of Six Days after personal Demand thereof, or Demand in Writing left at the laflrHow gate* tie Place of Abode of such Person or Persons so rated, assessed, or charged, and refilling, or neglecting to pay to be noovcce4» as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Borough, upon Oath (which Oath he or they are hereby impowered to administer without Fee or Reward) of any such Demand and Nonpayment, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, which he or they are hereby impowered and required to grant, to authorise and direct the said Collectors respectively to levy, as soon as may be, such Rate or Monies so in Arrear, and refus-cd or neglected to be paid, together with the Costs attending the same, to be ascertained by such Justice or Justices, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Person and Persons so in Arrear, and refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, wherever such Gooas and Chattels can be found; rendering the Overplus 7if any be) to the Party or Parties so distrained, or leaving the same for his, her, or their Use, at the Place where such Distress shall be made; and all and every of the said Collectors shall, and he and they are hereby required to pay the Money he or they shall respectively collect and receive by virtue of this Act, within Fourteen Days after the Expiration of the Time in which the same is herein before directed to be collected, to the Treasurer or Clerk adding under the said Commissioners, or to such other Person or Persons as they, or any Seven or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same, to be applied for the Uses and Purposes of this Act; and shall and hereby is and are required, at the Time of his or their making every such Payment of such Money so collected, to deliver over to the Person or Persons so impowered to receive the same, a true and exact Copy or Duplicate of the Assessment whereby he or they hath or have collected the same, with an Account thereupon or thereunder written, of all and every such Sum and Sums of Money, in such Assessment rated, as remains or remain uncollected, (if any such there shall happen to be) together with the Reasons why the same hath or have not been collected and received, that it may appear whether the Nonpayment thereof hath happened through the Insolvency of the Party rated, or through the Default of such Collector or Collectors; and in cale any such Assessor or Assessors, Collector or Collectors, shall refuse or nededl to take upon him or them respectively the said Offices, or duly to execute the same according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, he and they so offending shall respectively forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds, PenaI7 onrefuf-and shall continue liable to be again appointed into the said Offices respectively the Year following, or Col-

sooner, if the said Commissioners so assembled as aforesaid, or any Seven or more of them, shall so think ieaor£* fit; and in case of his or their Refusal or Neglect to take upon him or them respectively the said Offices, qt duly to execute the same, he or they so refilling or neglecting shall be again liable to the like Penalty, and so as often as he or they shall refuse to take upon him or them the said Offices.

XXVII. And, in order that the Lamps in the said Town may be the sooner fixed up, and the Expence Power to kor-of the obtaining this Act immediately defrayed, be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or r»w Mocey. any Seven or more of them, may, and are hereby impowered to borrow and take up at Ituereft any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding inXb$ Whole Four hundred Pounds, upon the Credit of the Rates

66o C.

14. Anno decimo Georgii III. A. u. 1770.

*5" may be and Assessments payable bjr virtue of this Act; and to assign over the same, or any Part or Parts thereof, J*°*’by any Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals, the Charges of such Assignraents and Con-8 rrowc. veyances to be paid out of such Rates and Assessments, to any Person or Persons that shall advance and lend their Monies thereon, as a Security or Securities for the several Sums that shall be borrowed, and Alignments to the Interest thereof as aforesaid; the Copies of all such Alignments and Conveyances shall be entered in Reentered in a a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners; and all and every such Person and Persons to whom any such Assignment shall be made as aforesaid, is and are hereby impowered from Time to Time, by Assignment under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, to be indorsed on his, her, or their Securities, or by any other Writing or Writings under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, Seal or Seals, which shall be executed in the Presence of Two or more credible Wit-Defies, to assign over or transfer his, her, or their Right to the Principal and Interest Money thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; all which Alignments or Transfers shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk or Treasurer, within Thirty Days after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry to be made thereof, containing the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein mentioned to be aligned and transferred, in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original Alignments; and which laid Book or Books shall and may, at all reasonable Times, beperufed and inspected, without any Fee or Reward; and after such an Entry made, such Alignment or Transfer shall intitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Aligns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may, in like Manner, assign and transfer again, and so toties quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person who shall have made such Assignment or Transfer, to make vod, release, or discharge the same, or any Monies thereon due.

XXVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Mayor and Justices of the said Borough, and they are hereby enjoined and required at the General Quarter-sessions of the Peace to be held for the said Borough, as often as they shall see Occasion, to order, direct, regulate, settle, and ascertain, the Rates and Wages of Porters, Carters, and Draymen, employed in carrying any Kind of Goods for Hire, from the Quays to any Part of the said Borough, and also from One Part of the said Borough to any other Part of the same; and the Rates and Prices so fixed, to cause the same to be hung up in some public Place in the said Borough, to which all Persons may resort for their Information; and that no Porter, Carman, or Drayman, shall take for Carriage of any Goods or other Things, above the Rates and Prices so set, upon Pain to forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of Two Shillings, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods or Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant of any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Borough; and that the said Mayor and Justices may, in like Manner, order and direct what Kind of Carriages or Drays the said Porters, Carmen, and Draymen, shall make use of, in drawing Goods through the Streets of the said Borough; and no Persons shall act as Porters, Carmen, or Draymen, within the said Borough, but such only as are approved of by the said Mayor and Justices, and are licenced by them, and who shall have proper Marks to distinguish and (how that they are licenced; and upon the Misbehaviour of any such Porter, Carman, or Drayman, the said Mayor and Justices, or any One or more of them, are hereby impowered to revoke such Licence; and in case any such Carmen, Draymen, or Porters, shall carry any Goods through any of the Streets, Lanes, or Passages of the said Borough, without having first obtained such Licence; or in case such Carmen, Draymen, or Porters, shall carry any such Goods as aforesaid, after their Licence shall have been so revoked as aforesaid, such Carmen, Draymen, or Porters, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of Five Shillings; or if the said Carmen, Draymen, or Porters, shall use any other Carriages or Drays than what shall be approved of by the said Mayor and Justices; such Carmen and Draymen shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Shillings, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant of any Ono or more of the Justice or Justices of the said Borough.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times here-rusting officers after, obstruct, hinder, or molest, any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers, Person or in the Execution Persons whatsoever, who are or shall be employed to put this Act in Execution, in the Performance or of taejr Duty. Execution of his or their Duty; every such Person or Persons so offending, shall, for every such Offence,

forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings.

Cell it Windows,

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Cellar Window or Cellar Windows shall be left open at Night, to be in the Evening, or in the Night, without the same being sufficiently lighted, to prevent Accidents hap-sufficitntiy pening therefrom, the Occupier or Occupiers of such House or Cellar shall, for every such Offence, for-lighted. feit and pay the Sum of Five Shillings.

Power of levying

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed and incurred ~ {for the Recovery and Application whereof no particular Method is already directed) shall be levied and

recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Borough; which Warrant the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to issue, upon the Information of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward); and such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any) when demanded, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained, the Charges of such Distress being first deducted, shall go and be applied for such of the Purposes of this Act as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think fit; and in all Actions, Prosecutions, Informations, causes, and Proceedings whatsoever, relating to and concerning the Execution of this Act, any Inhabitant within the said Borough may and shall be admitted to give Evidence the Rate or Assessment, charged as aforesaid upon any such Inhabitant by virtue hereof notwithstanding.

p t XXXII*

A.D.

for regulating the Carmen, f orten, and ike Carriage* to be frfed by them.

Penalty on ob-

Penaici

Inhabitants may k« WiUelTer*

C. 4T.

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor and Juf- Mayor, &c. may tices of the Peace for the said Borough, to act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, not- as Justice4, withstanding their being appointed Commissioners.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him- aggrieve* self, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no ^'7ouParcr-# particular Method of Relief is herein appointed, such Person or Persons may, within Two Months after f*n r" the Cause of Appeal shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter-sessions

of the Peace to be holden for the County of Devon, such Appellant or Appellants first giving, or causing to be given, Ten Days Notice at least, in Writing, of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the said Commissioners or their Clerk, and within Three Days after such Notice enter into Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said Borough, with Two fufti-cient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide by the Order of the Court, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter-sessions; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given, and of the entering into such Recognizance as aforesaid, shall hear and finally determine the Cauies and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Party or Parties appealing or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the De.ermination of such Quarter-selflon shall be binding, final, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of nistress not to

Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party u"*

or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Default or Want of ^Form Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties deftraining be deemed a Tref- nor Party'be pafler or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party kerned a Tref-or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfac- T *b ,n,tl°*

tion for the (pedal Damage in an Action on the Case. 1" ["uX!"*

XXXV. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any such Ir- Power to teadet regularity, Trespass, or other Proceeding, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on Behalf Amends.

of the Party or Parties who shall have committed, or can fed to be commuted, any such Irregularity,

Trespass, or wrongful Proceeding, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before I flue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall see fit; whereupon such Proceedings, or Orders and Judgments, shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Act or Order of the said Commissioners, with respect No Act of Cent, to paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets and Lanes within the said Borough, T)iir, oncrj le?al shall be valid, unlel’s done or made at some publick Meeting, and when Seven or more Commission rs b"*c*[na publiC are present; and every such Act and Order so made shall be entered in a Book, to be for that Purpose p^cecamgs to kept by the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Commissioners; which said Book, and all other Books and be entered in Entries relating to, or which otherwise concern or contain any Account or Accounts relative to the Pur- Bjok.

poses of this Act, shall be produced at every publick Meeting, to the End that all or any of the Inhabitants of the said Borough may, if they think proper, inspect the same, without Fee or Reward; which said Books or Entries, when subscribed by any Seven or more of the said Commissioners, or their Clerk, shall be deemed Originals, and shall be admitted to be read as Evidence in all causes, Suits, and Actions, touching any Thing done in pursuance of this Act.

XXXVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons shall come Rare* to be ap-.‘ into or occupy any House, Buildings, Hereditaments, or Premises, rated or aflbfled, or liable to be rated portioned on Oc-©r assessed by virtue of this Act, out of or from which any other Person adefled shall be removed, or

which, at the Time of making any Rate in pursuance of this Act, was empty or unoccupied; that then, every Person so removing from, and every Person so coming into or occupying the same, shall be liable to pay to such Rate, in proportion to the Time that such Person occupied the same respectively, in the same Manner, and under the like Penalty of Distress, as if such Person so removed had not removed, or such Person so coming into and occupying such House, Buildings, Hereditament'; or Premises, had been originally rated and assessed in such Kate; which said Proportion, in case of Dispute, shall, by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, he settled and ascertained.

XXXVIII. And whereas the Inhabitants and Refiants of the said Town, though not rated to the c Poors Rates, have immemorially performed or paid certain Sums of Money, as Compositions, in Ex-

f cufe for not performing the personal Duty of Watch and Ward: therefore1 be it enacted, That the Watch an<r personal Duty of Watch and Ward, now incumbent on all the Inhabitants and Refiants of the said Ward to cease. Town, from and after the passing this Act, shall cease; and, in lieu of such personal Service, the said Inhabitants or Refiants shall pay, and are hereby made liable and required to pay, unto the said Com-. J?u thereo^T* mi (Tinners, or any Seven or more of them, or to the Collectors, or to such other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint, any Sum of Money not exceeding the annual Sum of Four Shillings;

and when and so often as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall have fixed and ascertained the Assessment to be made, the Assessors to be from Time to Time appointed as aforesaid by this Act, shall and are hereby required to allcfs the Inhabitants and Refiants who are so liable to the personal Duty of Watch and Ward as aforesaid, and who shall not be rated and aflcflld by virtue of this Act, as Owners, Proprietors, Tenants, or Occupiers; and the Collector or Collectors, to be from Time to Time appointed as aforesaid, are hereby jequired-and commanded to collect and account for the same ii*

such

( .

662 C. 14.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

A.D.

Commissionen hay infj>c& Peoii Rates.

1770'.'

such Manner as the other Rates and Assessments are hereby dire#ed to be collected and accounted for r ' And in case of the Refusal of any of the Inhabitants or Refiants to pay. their respective A lie Aments,

the same are to be recovered as the other Rates are hereby directed to be recovered.

Ry.isto be'fixed XXXIX. And, in order to prevent Accidents from the Want of proper Rails being placed upon the upon the cC3>,f< Quays near the Harbour called Sutton Pool in the said Town, be it enacted, That the several Owners or Proprietors of the several Quays adjoining to the said Harbour shall, with all convenient Speed from and after the passing this Act, cause proper Rails to be placed and fixed upon the said Quays next the said Harbour, and shall, from Time to Time, keep the same in proper Repair; or, in Default thereof, the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby authorised and required; with all convenient Speed, to order the same to be properly raised or repaired; and the Expence attending the same shall be to the said Commissioners, or to their Treasurer or Clerk, or to such other Person as they shall for that Purpose appoint; and in Default of Payment, the same may be recovered by Action of Debt, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, in the Name of any Two of the said Commissioners, or their Clerk, with-full Coils of Suit. tSmmrflW.fr*

XL. And be it fur ther enabled. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or irxX^Cuntrafls* any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, to U#J contract with any Person or Persons for the paving, relaying, repairing, raising, lowering, amending, altering, cleansing, watching, and lighting the said Streets, Lanes, and Panages within the said Borough, or with any Person or Persons to be otherwise employed for the Purposes of this Act; which Contract or Contracts shall specify the Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the same, and the Time and Times when such W orks shall be performed or compleated, and the Penalty to be suffered in case of Nonperformance thereof; and the same shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and by the Person or Persons contracting to perform such Works; and the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to pay such Sum or Sums of Money for such respective Works as they shall so contract and agree for, out of the Money raised for the Purposes of this Act.

XLI. And be it further ena#ed. That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, or any Person or Persons by them authorised under their Hands, from Time to Time, to inspe# the Poors RatC3 of and for the said Town, and to take Copies or Extracts therefrom, which the Overseer or Overseers, or other Person or Persons having the Custody thereof respectively, is or are hereby required, on producing such Order as aforesaid, to permit and fuft’er to be made and taken, without Fee or Reward; and on Refusal thereof by the Overseer or Overseers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, he or they so refusing shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for each such Offence; to be recovered by the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, by Action of Debt, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, with Coils of Suit.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the fir’d Watchmen, or any of them, and they are hereby respectively authorised and required, during the Time of their keeping Watch and W7ard, to apprehend and secure in the Watch-house, or forne Place of Safety, all such Malefactors, Disturbers of the King’s Peace, and all such suspe#ed Persons who shall be found wandering or misbehaving themselves, and to carry the Person or Personsr (as soon as conveniently may be) before some Julliee of the Peace for the said Borough, to be examined and dealt with according to Law.

Lem to indofe

XLIII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any ^e,or C Hoi!rM Seven or more of them, or the Surveyor or Surveyors, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, rcpa^rifli£.ding °T to 2*ve Liberty aru* Licence to any of the Proprietors and Inhabitants within the said Borough, or their ' Builders, or Workmen, to make such Inclosure before their respective Houses, in order to the pulling

down, rebuilding, or repairing the same, or any Vault, Drain, or Building belonging thereto, and for laying the necessary Materials for the same, and the Rubbish arising therefrom; and no Person or Persons acting under such Licence, and in pursuance thereof, shall, during the Time thereby to be limited, be subjc# or liable to any of the Penalties aforesaid.

Acrounti to be

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners some Time ’between the Twenty-fifth Day of March and the Twenty-fourth Day of June in every Yean, shall cause j!n InfotkioT, a ^a‘r anc* Account to be made and wrote out of all Monies received and paid by virtue or in pursuance of this Act and how and to whom, and when, and for what Purposes, the same have been laid out, paid, and expended; a Copy or Duplicate of whichJAccount, signed bylSeven or more of the said Commissioners, shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Commissioners, who (half permit any Person so rated as aforesaid, to in-✓ spe# the same at seasonable Times, paying One Shilling for such Inspe#ion; and shall, upon Demand,

forthwith give Copies of the same, or any'Part thereof, to such Person, paying at the Rate of Three-pence for every hundred Words, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Number; which Account and Copy, or Duplicate thereof, the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby impowered and required to cause to be wrote out, signed, and delivered accordingly, of An-

XLV. And for the better avoiding and preventing Annoyances in the Streets, Lanes, and Passages in the

#oyaiice«. said Town, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Cart, Waggon, or other Wheel Carriage, shall be permitted to remain in any of the Streets in the said Town, but in order to the loading or unloading thereof, and for either of those Purposes not longer than the Space of Two Hours at any one Time, or such other reasonable Time as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall order and permit; and then only in such Parts of the said Streets, where there can and shall be left sufficient Space for any other loaded Waggon or other Carriage to pass by the Carriage so left (landing in the said Street, Without Danger or Difficulty, under the Penalty of Five Shillings for every Offence, to be paid by the Owner,

Watchmen to

apprehend

JWalc/a&ors.

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 14. 663'

Ow ner, or Person having the Charge of any such Carriage; and to be recovered and applied as the other Penalties by this Act are directed to be recovered and applied: And that no Horses or other Cattle whatr soever, drawing, or coming with any such Cart, Waggon, or other Wheel Carriage, or on any other Occasion, shall be foddered in any of the said Streets, or in any Lanes, Alleys, or railages, within the said Town, on any Pretence or Occasion whatsoever,' under the Penalty of One Shilling for every such Offence, to be paid by the Owner, or Person having the Charge of any such Horses or Beads, and recovered, levied, and applied, as aforesaid; and that no Truck, Sledge, Barrow, Barrel, Tub, Copper,

Stall, Trefiel, Block, Box, Chest, Case, Bag, or Package of any Kind, shall, upon any Pretence whatsoever, be left in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, or Passages, during the Nightr-time, under the Penalty of Two Shillings for every such Offence, to oe paid by the Owner and Owners thereof, or Person so leaving the same, and recovered, levied and applied as aforesaid*

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising by the Rates and Assessments by this Act How the directed to be made and levied, and all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures to be recovered or levied by", *rel# virtue of this Act, and not hereby otherwise particularly disposed of, shall be paid to the said Commit- pp sioners, or any Seven or more of them, pr to such Person' or Persons as they shall appoint, to be applied to and for the defraying the Expences of paving, and repairing the Pavements, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and Passages of the said Town, as is hereby directed, and for other the Use* and Purposes herein before mentioned and declared, and to and for no other Use> Intent, or Purpose whatsoever. '

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Nomination, Wilting* tobc Appointment, Contraft, Bond, Information, Warrant, Order, Judgement, Conviction, or other Writ- without Sump*® ing whatsoever, under the Hand or Hands of any of the Commissioners for putting the said Act in Exe*-cution, or of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or only signed by them, or any of them, or exhibited before them, or any of them respectively, touching, concerning* or in Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities by this Act vested in such Commission erf, or Justices of the Peace, or any of them, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatsoever,

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That when and so often as any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Pro- Owners rated t» prietors of any Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the Lid Town exen^tedTo^ shall be rated or addled to the repairing of the Pavements of the said Town; all and every such Owner Rates for or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be and are hereby discharged from the Payment of any Rate Highway*, cr Rates, A lie (linen t or Assessments, that shall be made for the repairing of the Highways within the said Borough. '

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where pecuniary Penal- For want of (ties are directed to be levied by this Act, in case no sufficient Distress of the Goods or Chattels of any Of- Distress, Often-fender shall be found at the issuing of any such Warrant or Warrants of Distress; then and in such Case de.r bc caaa* it shall and may be lawful for the Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom such Offender or Often-mule ders shall be convicted as aforesaid, to commit him, her, or them, to the Common Gaol of the said Borough, to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or until such Penalty or borfeiture shall be paid.

L. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had, touching the Conviction of any Often- Proceedings not der or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be done or tranl- 1° f?,led "J*" acted, in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quaftied for want of Form, or beJJWpol.^ removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Re- removesb’e by cord at Westminster \ any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding. Ce ti. rari.

LI. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or L:nrtarion of Persons for any Thing clone in pursuance of this Act, until Twenty-one Days Notice shall be thereof Action*, given in Writing to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Commissioners, or after Six Calendar Months next* after the Fast committed, for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and every such Action shall be brought, laid, and tried in the County of Devon, and not elsewhere; and’ that the Defendant or Defendants in such Actions and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General Issue, €ener*l Issue> and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon; and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits shall be so brought,.

was done in Pursuance, and by the Authority of this Act: And if the said Matter or Thing shall appear

to be so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that fufRcient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid; or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other County than as aforesaid; then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants-therein: And if a Verelift or Verdicts shall be found for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits* shall become Nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action orj Actions; or if upon any Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Actions, Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein; then, and In either of the Cases asure-said, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering Treble the same, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Colls, In any other Cases of Law.

LII. And be it further enacted, That One Moiety of the Charges and Expences of obtaining and paf- Fxpfr.cc* of pad* sing this Act, shall be paid out of the Firff Monies to be raised by the Rates or Assessments to be collected fingthi* Afr by virtue of this Act, upon the Owners or Proprietors of Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Heredita- how 10 mems, within the said Town;, and the Remaining IVioiety shall in like Manner be paid by the Rates to

2 be.

664 C. 14, 15,16. Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 177a.

be made upon the Tenants or Occupiers of Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said Town*

frublidc Act.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons without speciallf pleading the same.

CAP. XV.

An Act to continue an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for amend-' i»g a*d further continuing an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majestys Reign, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual, in His Majesty's Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for puniflfing Mutiny and Defer tion^ and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Premie. c VT WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act 9 Geo. 3. c. do?for amending and further continuing an At1 of the Sixth Year of his present Majestfs Reign; intitul'df tS. 4 An Act to amend and render more effectual, in His Majesty's Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the which w*9 to better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; which Act was to continue and be in Force, in all His c#j»tinue in Force« Majesty's Dominions in America, from the Twenty-fourth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred till 24 March < anc| fe/enty, until the Twenty-fourth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one: 17719 4 And whereas it has been found necessary that the said Act should be continued for a farther Term:

May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted:* and be it enacted by the King’s most fcxcellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act ' further continued shall be, and the same is hereby continued, until the Twenty-fourth Day of March, One thousand seven till 24 March hundred and seventy-two.

CAP. XVI.

An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve

in Parliament.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the present Mode of Decision upon Petitions, complaining of undue Elections or ' Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, frequently obstructspublick Business; occasion3 4 much Expence, Trouble, and Delay to the Parties; is defective, for want of those Sanctions and So- lemnitics which are established by Law in other Trials; and is attended with many other Inconvenion-Session^onC^m1 c*es: For Rcrnecty thereof/ be it enacted by the King’s most: Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad-- pUinTo/nnducE-v‘ce and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-lea«on,&c.a pie-sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That after the End of the present Sessions of Parliament, ciuT.metobefix-whenever a Petition, complaining of an undue Election or Return of a Member or Members to serve in e4e^of0°s^'Ik*S Pad‘ament* shall he presented to the House of Commons, a Day and Hour shall by the said House be to'gfve’NoticeCr appointed for taking the same into Consideration; and Notice thereof in Writing shall be forthwith given, thereof; and or-by the Speaker, to the Petitioners and the Sitting Members, or their respective Agents, accompanied icr Attendance, with an Order to them to attend the House, at the Time appointed, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents.

hut not within 14 ll. Provided always, That no such Petition shall be taken into Consideration within Fourteen Days pjys after after the Appointment of the Committee of Privileges.

Act jintment of Convr.ittee of )>rivilc£es.

House may alter

III. Provided also, That the House may alter the Day and Hour so appointed for taking such Petition the Time, on l.kc into Consideration, and appoint some susbequent Day and Hour for the same, as Occasion shall require; NoticeanoOider. giving to the respective Parties the like Notice of such Alteration, and Order to attend on the said subse-Ser’cintatArm* 4ucnt DaY an^ Hour, as aforesaid.

beiTr^the ReTd*I

IV. And be it further enacted, That at the Time appointed for taking such Petition into Consideration

1 M b Jjutineis of the House; and that after his Return the House shall be counted, and it there be lets than CJne At InlT'^n, hundred Members present-, the Order for taking such Petition into Consideration shall be immediately HoTe to tc adjourned to a particular Hour on the following Day (Sunday and Chvijhnas Day always excepted); and

CMint d. the House shall then adjourn to the said Day; and the rroce: dings of all Committees, subsequent to such

Tor wait cf ico Notice from the said Scsjcant, shall be void: And, on the said following Day, the House shall proceed in to ad* tV‘c ^imc Manner; and l0, from Day to Day, till there be an Attendance ol One hundred Members at the

tbljjebv p-efenr. Biding the Order of the Day, to take such Petition into Confideiatioiu

On Prcience of V. And he further enacted, That if after summoning the Members, and counting the House as afore-100,rctncc0 f id, One hundred Members shall be found to be present; the Petitioners by themselves, their Council or the Petitioner?, Agents, and the Council or Agents of the Sitting Members, shall be ordered to attend at the Bar; and Ac.to greeted then the Door of the House shall be locked, and no Member final I be fullered to enter into or depart from ^theB-r. the House, until the Pc;itioneis, their Council, or Agents, and the Council or Agents for the Sictin 1 y ’

Members,

A.D.

Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 16. 665

I77°*.

Members, shall be directed to withdraw as herein after is mentioned: And when the Door shall be locked as aforesaid, the Order of the Day shall be read, and the Names of all the Members of the House, Knm« of the written or printed on distinct Pieces of Parchment or Paper, being all as near as may be of equal Size, Members to be and rolled up in the same Manner, shall be put in equal Numbers into Six Boxes or Glades, to be placed Puts,xB)xe* on the Table for that Purpose, and shall there be shaken together; and then the Clerk or Clerk Alii f- drawn alter n^c-tant attending the House mail publickly draw out of the said Six Boxes or Glasses alternately the said iy, and read by Pieces of Parchment or Paper, and deliver the same to the Speaker, to Ic by him read to the House; and the Speaker, till so shall continue to do, until Forty-nine Names of the Members then present be drawn. <9 bedrJNVn-

VI. Provided always, That if the Name of any Member who shall have given his Vote at the Election Voting Members so complained of as aforesaid, or who shall be a Petitioner complaining of an undue Election or Return, «tiv*E!ea»on, or or against whose Return a Petition shall be then depending, or whose Return shall not have been brought be^ abTc?*' C° in lourteen Days, shall be drawn; his Name shall be fee aside, with the Names of those who are absent from the House.

VII. Provided also, That if the Name of any Member of Sixty Years of Age or upwards be drawn, AH above 60

he shall be excused from serving on the Select Committee, to be appointed as herein after mentioned, if he ^eirs old cxcuf* require it, and verify the Cauie of such Requisition upon Oath.

VIII. Provided also, That if the Name 01 any Member who has served in such Select Committee dur- those who have

ing the same Session be drawn, he shall, if he requires it, be excused from serving again in any such Se- £rved Seka Jedx Committee, unless the House shall, before the Day appointed for taking the said Petition into Con- fa^es-i'iiir^kr* sideration, have resolved, that the Number of Members who have not served on such Select Committee, the w o

in the same Session, is insufficient to fulfil the Purposes of this Act, respecting the Choice of such Select h^e rot served. Committee. ... lCMlg fufikion!-

IX. Provided always, That no Member who, after having been appointed to serve in any such Select Members excuf-

Committee, shall, on Account of Inability or Accident, have been excused from attending the same n be

throughout, shall be deemed to have served on any such Select Committee. fcrvTd^ C° b VC

X. And be it further enacted, That if any other Member shall offer and verify upon Oath any other Member* veri'V-Excuse, the Substance of the Allegations so verified upon Oath shall be taken down by the said Clerk, in ing other Ew rr, order that the same may be afterwards entered on the Journals, and the Opinion of the House shall be Allegations m. taken thereon; and if the House shall resolve, that the said Member is unable to serve, or cannot without great and manifeil Detriment serve in such Select Committee, he also shall be excused from such Service. VhlVVr-uu!

ablr, are to be rxrjicd.

XI. And be it further enacted, That instead of the Members so set aside and excused, the Names of imtcadrf other Members shall be drawn; who may, in like Manner, be set aside or excused, and others drawn to otherstnb wn supply their Places, until the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, not liable to be Jo set alide or excuf- ^(,f^pr‘et0e ed, mail be complete; and the Petitioners or their Agents shall then name One, and the Sitting Mem-

hers, or their Agents, another, from among the Members then present, whose Names shall not have been name One, and drawn, to be added to those who shall have Been so chosen by Lot. sitting Mcmb-

XII. Provided always, That either of the Members so nominated shall or may be set aside, for any of*nThker,?hor,n s* the same causes as those chosen by Lot; or shall, if he requires it, be excused from serving on the said Select fetVfide oxoif-Committee; and the Party who nominated the Member so set aside or excused, shall nominate another ed; a id other*" in his Stead, and so continue to do as often as the Case shall happen, until his Nominee is admitted. n-imed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the said Forty-nine Members shall have been so cho- Door tnbe open-fen by Lot, and the Two Members to be added thereunto shall have been so nominated as aforesaid, the ed;3nl the H.-uic Door of the House shall be opened, and the House may proceed upon any other Business; and Lists of the Forty-nine Members so chosen by Lot shall then be given to the Petitioners, their Counsel, or A- of the 49 to gents, and the Counsel or Agents for the Sitting Members, who shall immediately withdraw, together he then cr/nio with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee; and the said Petitioners and Sitting Mem- the Petitioner?, bers, their Counsel or Agents, beginning on the Part of the Petitioners, shall akernately strike olf One

of the said Forty-nine Members, until the said Number shall be reduced to Thirteen; and the said Clerk, wkhVrw^nd within One Hour at farthest from the Time of the Parties withdrawing from the House, shall deliver in in iko off one, alto the House the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining; and the said Thirteen Members, to- termtcly, till the gether with the Two Members nominated as aforesaid, shall be Tvorn at the Table, well and truly to j'l)l\fc'r [tm try the Matter of the Petition referred to them, and a true Judgment to give according to the Evidence; c"‘rek J.-^hOre and shall be a Select Committee to try and determine the Merits of the Return or Election appointed by ft nViiver« the House to be that Day taken into Consideration; and the House shall otdor the said Select Committee i.:f>of them;and to meet at a certain Time to be fixed by the House, which Time shall be within Twenty-four Hours t5,cxw th ,hcXt>-of the Appointment of the said Select Committee, unless a Sunday or Chiij'.vias Day shall intervene; and the Place of their Meeting and Sitting shall be some convenient Room or Place adjacent to the House of iw.mure!,' Commons or Court of Requests, properly prepared for that Purpose. to order

th in to rrcetin 1.1 rJ u-'.

XIV. Provided always, That on the Farties withdrawing as aforesaid, the House shall continue fitting; On win tinwing

and the said Fifty-one Members, so chosen and nominated, Audi not depart the House, till the Time for li‘e noC

the Meeting of the said Select Committee shall be fixed. r.°.

XV. Provided aiwa\ 11 ' 1 'M

Member by Lot such Member is such Member fhs

aside, and, unlc{ # -

Member shall be drawn to supply his Place, to complete the Number cA Forty-nine Men.bers to be drawn bCi coaicaim*

.666

C. 16.

Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1JJO4

thereto, he is to by Lot; and if the said Petitioners or Sitting Members, or their Agents, shall not respectively nominate serve.r.such, and a Member then present, who shall We admitted^ according to the Directions of this Adh then the Want of another to be such Nomination shall be supplied, by drawing oat, instead thereof, the Name of One or Two Mem-h[api^ce- L-^on as ^a^ require; who shall be drawn by Lot in the like Manner, and subject to the like

No led of Objections and Excuses, as the other Forty-nine Members already drawn by Lot, and shall be added to

nation, Deticien-

the Lilts of the said Forty-nine Members, and shall be liable to be (truck off in the same Manner; leaved to be fupoikd ing always the Number of Fifteen Members in the Whole, and no more, as a Select Committee for the

by Lot; leaving purposes aforesaid.

ka committee! XVI. And, for the greater Dispatchand Certainty in the Proceeding herein before described, be it fur-Prev ourotaking the r enacted, That the Names of all the Members so written and rolled up as herein before directed* Petition into shall previous to the Day appointed for taking any such Petition into Consideration, be prepared by the Consideration, said Clerk ot Clerk Assistant, and by him put into a Box or Pa.; cel in the Presence of the Speaker, toge-kWcs^o^thc1^ t^lcr v'at^ an Attestation, signed by the said Clerk or Clerk Assistant, purporting, that the Names of all Member* drawn Members were by him put therein the # Day of in the Year

im® a Box or Par- which said Box or Parcel the Speaker shall seal with his own Seal; and to the Outside thereof shall an- ce). and atttiithe ncx an Attestation signed by himself, purporting, that the said Box or Parcel was on the fj.iie; Speaker to £)ay of in the Year made up in his Presence, in the Manner directed

inertihemikinc this Act; and that as soon as the Parties shall be withdrawn as aforesaid, and before the House shall t.p the conn hi* enter on any other Business, 'any Member may require, that the Names of all the Members, which re-kiefente, main undrawn, shall be drawn and read aloud by the said Clerk or Clerk Assistant.

N of Mem bet* unHmwn mjy t>u read by the Cl-rk: ,

Chairman to bs

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Select Committee shall, on their Meeting, eledi a KkinbciT*chosen Chairman from among such of the Members thereof as shall have been chosen by Lot; and if, in the Elec-b>Lot7onK<)uaH- tion of a Chairman, there be an equal Number of Voices, the Member whose Name was first drawn in ty, Member fiut the House shall have a calling Voice; so likewise, in case there should ever be Occasion for electing a new crawn to have a Chairman, on the Death or necessary Absence of the Chairman first dedted.

aiiing Voue.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Select Committee shall have Power to fend for Per-imuowered to fend sons> Papers and Records; and shall examine all the Witnesses who come before them upon Oath; and pC;fons> ,*c. cx- shall ’try the Merits of the Return, or Election, or both; and shall determine, by ft Majority of Voices im n« Witneiic*?, of the said Select Committee, whether the Petitioners or the Sitting Members, or either of them, be and determine fi- duly returned or elected, or whether the Election be void; which Determination shall be final between tiierco ^o°con Part*es to Intents and Purposes: And the House, on being informed thereof by the Chairman of the fcrrnC°or>ait»r'the said Select Committee, shall order the same to be entered in their Journals, and give the necessary Direc-Rfturn; or itfue tions for confirming or altering the Returfr, or for the issuing ft new Writ for a new Election, or for car-Writ for new rying the said Determination into Execution, as the Case rftay require.

Iledion.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Select Committee shall fitevery Day (Sunday and

to^’oinnf*6 ^hrijlmas Day only excepted) and shall never adjourn for a longer Time than Twenty-four Hours, unlefe woUf\hanUa40r a Sunday or Ghr'tjhnas Day intervene, without Leave first obtained from the House, upon Motion, and H:.urj, without special Cause assignetl for a longer Adjournmdrit; and in case the House shall be fitting at the Time to Leave, if House which the said 'Select Committee is ajourned, then the Business of the House shall be stayed, and a Mo-ihen fitting. Bu- tlon shall be made for a further Adjournment, for any Time, to* foe fixed by the House, not exceeding.

tit ayL* Twenty-four Hours, unless a Sunday or Christmas Day intervene. i>r furthered-

XX. And be it further enacted, That where the Time prescribed by this Act for the Meeting, Sitting* j mmment, Sun- or Adjournment of the said Select Committee, shall, by the Intervention of a Sundayot Christmas Day, <»ay or christmas exceed Twenty-four Hours, such Meeting, Sitting, or Adjournment, shall be within Twenty-four Hour* Pay 1!]lcr, vemn5 from the Time of appointing or fixing the same, exclusive of such Sunday or Christmas Day. included.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Member of the said Select Committee shall be allowed to

Srricft Commit- absent himself from the same, without Leave obtained from the House, or an Excuse allowed by the House noi to at the next Sitting thereof, on special Cause shewn and verified upon Oath; and the said Sdcdt Committee absent without shall never fit, until all the Members to Whom such Leave has not been granted, nor Excuse allowed, are m^t«\o°fit til met 5 anc* *n cfefe they shall not hieet within One Hour after the Time Co which the said Select ail,'who have not Committee shall have been adjourned, a farther Adjournment shall be made in the Manner as before di-Leave, be met. r^dted, and reported, wuh the Cause thereof, to the House.

Oa Piiiure of

Meeting within One Hour, a farther Adjournment to be made, and reported, with the C.tufe thereof.

Chairman, at next

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Chairman of the said Select Committee shall, at the next Meeting, to re-Meeting of the House, always report the Name of every Member thereof who shall have been absent pmt Abfrntees, therefrom without such Leave or Excuse as aforesaid; and such Member shall be directed to attend the Wh>cd*Tto°attend ^ou^c at next Sitting thereof, and shall then be ordered to be taken into the Custodyof the Serjeant »e*tShtingj^and at Arms attcndii*g the House, for such NeglecSt of his Duty, and otherwise punished or censured at the le^furcd or pu- Discretion of the House; unless it shall appear to the House, by Facfts specially stated and verified upon r.inied aiDifcrcti- Oath, that such Member was, by a sudden Accident, or by Necfcffity, prevented from attending the said n unicis /U>- Select Committee.

fence proved un- avoid hie.

1/ 13 do not at-

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if more than Two^Members of the said Select Committee shall tend, Committee on any se absent therefrom, the said Select Committee shall adjourn in the Manner herein before

toa jou n, directed; and so, from Time to Time, until Thirteen Members are assembled.

ifless for 3 Days,

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Number of Members able to attend the said Select ^7° d‘r" Committee shall, by Death or otherwise, be unavoidably reduced to less than Thirteen, and shall so con-ike7cboion-a^dtIjnue the Space of T'hree Sitting Days, the said Select Committee shall be dissolved, and another 1 z choseix

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 16,17. 667

chosen to try and determine the Matter of such Petition in Manner aforesaid; and all the Proceedings of Proceeding* the said former Select Committee shall be void and of no Effect. to be void.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Select Committee shall come to any Resolution other

than the Determination above mentioned, they shall, if they think proper, report the same to the House other

for their Opinion, at the same Time that the Chairman of the said oeled Committee shall inform the Determiaa-

House of such Determination; and the House may confirm or disagree with such Resolution, and maketion of Ccmpiaint such Orders thereon, as to them shall seem proper. *»ay be reported,

and the House may trike Order thereon.

XXVI. Provided always, That if any Person summoned by the said Select Committee, shall disobey persons disobey-

such Summons; or if any Witness before such Select Committee shall prevaricate, or shall otherwise mil- ing Summons, or behave in giving, orrefunng to give Evidence; the Chairman of the said Select Committee, by their Di-Prcvaricat»ng> w region, may at any Time, during the Course of their Proceedings, report the same to the House, for the^er^?ed Interposition of their Authority or Censure, as the Case shall require. airman.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said Select Committee shall think it necessary to when Commie.

deliberate amongst themselves, upon any Question which shall arise in the Course of the Trial, or upon the tee ehufctodfli-Determination thereof, or upon any Resolution concerning the Matter of the Petition referred to them as berate, the Room aforesaid; as ioon as the said Select Committee shall have heard the Evidence and Counsel on both Sides £ ^cleaicd. relative thereunto, the Room or Place wherein they shall fit shall be cleared, if they shall think proper, SwromedV. while the Members of the said Select Committee consider thereof; and all such Questions, as well as such Majority" Determination and all other Resolutions, shall be by a Majority of Voices; and if the Voices shall be equal. Chairman to hare the Chairman shall have a calling Voice. Vote.

XXVIII. Provided always, That no such Determination as aforesaid shall be made, nor any Question No Determinati-

be proposed, unless Thirteen Members shall be present; and no Member shall have a Vote on such Deter- ^(Inx^nor an mination, or any other Question or Resolution, whq has not attended during every Sitting of the said Membw to vot<£ Select Committee. who has not it-

x tended every Sitting.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Oaths by this Act directed to be taken in the House, shall O.th t.kcn in

be administered by the said Clerk or Clerk Assistant, in the same Manner as the Oaths of Allegiance and ‘Jj*

Supremacy are administered in the House of Commons; and that the Oaths by this Act directed to be taken ‘h^clerk - mi before the said Scled Committee, shall be administered by the Clerk attending the said Seled Committee; thme before the and that all Persons who shall be guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury in any Evidence which they shall give Srieft Commit-before the House, or the said Select Committee, in consequence of the Oath which they shall have taken by ’*4> £r the,r the Direction of this Act, shall, on Conviction thereof, incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties to

which any other Person, convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury, is liable by the Laws and Statutes jurytItcndci of this Realm. ' thereto.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in Force Seven Years, and tjll the Act to tontlwrf

End of the Session of Parliament next after the Expiration of the said Seven Years, and no longer. for 7 ye"*

CAP. XVII.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act made in the Seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; for allowing a Drawback of she Duties of Customs upon the Exportation, from this Kingdom, of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts of the Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations j for the

Drawbacks payable on China %artben-ware exported to America; for snore effectually preventing the clandestine Running of Goods in the said Colonies and Plantations; as relates to the Duties upon Glass, Red-lead, White-lead, Painters Colours, Paper, Paste-boards, Mill-boards, and Scale-boards, of the Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, imported into *

any of his Majesty's Colonies in America t and also to the discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen-ware, exported to America j and for regulating the Exportation thereof.

WHEREAS in and by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Preamble, rrc’t- Act for granting certain Duties in the Britishl Colonies and Plantations in America; for allowing a ing Ad 7 Geo. 3.

Drawback of the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation, from this Kingdom, of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts of the c. 46>

Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations; for discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen-ware imported to America; and for more effectually preventing the clandestine Running of Goods in the said Colonies and Plantations, it was, amongst other Things, enabled, That there should be raised, levied, collected,

and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, certain Duties upon Glass, Red-lead, White- lead. Painters Colours, and upon the several Sorts of Paper therein mentioned; as also upon all Paltc- board. Mill-board, and Scale-board, which should be imported into any Colony or Plantation in Arne-

rica, under the Dominion of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors: And whereas the said Duties, in so far as they affect the Produce and Manufacture of Great Britain, do in their Nature tend to the Prc- judice and Discouragement thereof, and are therefore contrary to the true Principles of Commerce: May

it therefore please Your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and ’ be it enacted by the King's

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in the present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after After Dec. 1.

4 0.2 thci770i

668 C. 17,18.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

repealed,

Act 7 Geo. 3.

disallowing a Drawback oa China,

repealed,

From Dec. t, 1770, no Drawback allowed 00 China exported,

unless packed in Ohe Presence of a proper Officer of the Customi.

A.D. 1770.

the First Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, so much of the said before-recited Act as relates to the Duties thereby granted upon the respective Goods herein before mentioned, such Goods being of the Produce and Manufacture of Great Britain, shall, in respect of all such of the said Goods as are of the Produce and Manufacture of Great Britain, be, and the same is hereby repealed and made void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And whereas, in and by the said before-recited Act, it was also further enacted, that no Drawback € shall be allowed for any China Earthen-ware, fold after the passing of this Act at the Sale of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, which shall be entered for Exportation from Great Britain to any Part of America: And whereas the allowing the said Drawback, under certain Re- ftiiftions, may encourage and secure the immedia'e Trade of triis Kingdom with the British Colonies and Plantations in America be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that from and after the First Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, the said Clause in the before-recited Act of the Seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, discontinuing the said Drawback payable upon China Earthenware exported to America, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be repealed and made void.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said First Day of December, no Drawback shall be paid or allowed for any China Earthen-ware, exported or entered for Exportation from this Kingdom, to any Place whatsoever, unless the same shall be packed up in the Presence of a proper Officer or Officers of the Customs appointed for that Purpose, in some Ware-house belonging to the United Campany of Merchants trading to the East Indies wherein the same shall have been lodged at Importation, and shall befent to be exported directly from such Warehouse, under the Seal and Care of such Officer or Officers of the Customs, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for preventing the Stealing of Dogs.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS the Practice of dealing Dogs hath of late Years greatly increased: For Remedy whereof. May it please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after 177* Person First Day of May, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, if any Person shall steal any Dog or Dog%

who shall steal, of any Kind or Sort whatsoever, from the Owner or Owners thereof, or from any Person or Persons intruded by the Owner or Owners thereof with such Dog or Dogs; or shall fell, buy, receive, harbour, detain, fell, boy, «r fle- or keep any Dog or Dogs of any Kind or Sort whatsoever, knowing the same to have been stolen as afore-taui any Dogj said. every such person> upon- neing convicted thereof upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by his or her own Confession, before any Two or more Justices of the Peace for any County, for Fi^ Offence Rjdiryr Division, or Place, shall, for the First Offence, forfeit and pay such Sum of Money, not exceed-thanao? and ' ln% *rtY Pounds, or Jess than Twenty Pounds, as to such Justices shall seem meet, together with the Charges of Con-Charges previous to and attending such Conviction, to be ascertained by such Justice before whom such vi£bon. Offender shall be convicted: And in case such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, such Justices shall con>-

Tiii Penalty and mit the Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize OffwSpr*"be*- ^or any Time not exceeding Twelve Celendar Months, nor less than Six Calendar Months, or until the committed0to Penalty and Charges shall be paid: And if any Person, having been convicted as aforesaid, shall afterwards Gaol. be guilty of the like Offence, and shall be thereof convicted in like Manner as aforesaid; every such Person

person guilty of shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay such Sum of Money, not exceeding Fifty Pounds, nor less a subseijucm of than Thirty Pounds, as to such Justices shall seem meet, together with the Charges previous to and attend-noUeVs°than*3ol *n2 Conviction, to be ascertained by such Justices before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be so-and Charges; convicted: Which said Penalties, or any of them, when recovered, shall be paid. One Moiety thereof to to be pa d to in the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed; and, former, and the upon Nonpayment thereof, such Justices shall commit the Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Cor-o °k na m nt rection> there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Eighteen Months, nor to be inrpnibned ^fs than Twelve Months, or until the Penalty and Charges shall be paid; and such Justices shall also ®rder 12 Months, and the said Offender to be publickly whipped, within Three Days after such Commitment, in the Town publickly whip- wherein such Gaol or House ot Correction shall be, between the Hours of Twelve and One of the *el* Clock.

a rCC s° efir a0 ^nd u ^urt^cr enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for any

fo/Dots^toien. One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in or for any County, Riding, Division, or Place, unon Information to him or them made for that Purpose, to grant a Warrant or Warrants to search for any Dog or Dogs stolen as aforesaid, and in case any such Dog or Dogs, or the Skin or Skins of such Dog or Dogs, shall upon such Search be found, to take and restore every such Dog or Dogs, or such Skin or Skins, to Pe-fons in whose l^e Owfler thereof; and the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession any such Dog or Dogs, CcPody found! Skin or Skins, shall be so found (in case it shall appear that such Person was privy to such Dog or Dogs hav-liable to like Pc- ing been stolen as aforesaid, or that such Skin or Skins was the Skin or Skins of any Dog or Dogs stolen as mines. aforesaid) shall respectively be subject and liable to the like Penalties and Punishments as Persons convicted

of dealing any Dog or Dogs, are herein before made subject and liable to justices maycause And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enactecJ,

tLioiiow:ogP That all Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall beconvifted of any Offence against

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 18, 19. 669

this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect, as the Case shall happen; videlicet,

E it remembered. That oh the

Day of

our Lord AB is convicted before us

c Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of c Time and Place when and where the same was committed, as the Case shall be)

in the Year of Form CoQ~ of Hisl, on-(Specifying the Offence, and the

Persons a ggrieved may appeal to the Quaner-fefli-

14 Dnyr Notice of Appeal to be given.

Justices to hear, determine, and award Cortf. Their Determination to be final

and not to be removed by Certiorari.

Given under our Hands and Seals, the Day and Year aforesaid/

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter-session of the Peace to be held for the County or Place wherein the Cause of Complaint shall arise, and within Four Days after the Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen; such Appellant giving, or causing to be given. Fourteen Days Notice at lead, in Writing, of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Persons whose Acts are complained against; and, within Two Day s after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by, the Justices at such Quarter-session: And the said Justices at such Session, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing, or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Charter-sessions shall be hnal, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes; and no Order made concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or any other Proceedings to be had, touching the Convictionor Convictions of any Offender against this Act, shall be quashed for want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster

CAP. XIX.

An Act for better Preservation of the Game within that Part of Great Britain called England.

WHEREAS the Game hath of late been much destroyed, at improper Seasons, in that Part Great Britain called England: For remedying thereof. May it please Your most Excellent Majes- roe Gco'3* c. 4 ty, that it may be enacted; and ’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the 99 9‘

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One£f*rJp£*» thousand seven hundred and seventy, if any Person or Persons shall wilfully, upon any Pretence whatsoever, jailing any Hare, take, kill, or destroy any Hare, Pheasant, Partridge, Moor Game, Heath Game, or Grouse, in the Night, *c. betwecnSuuI between One Hour after Sun-setting, and One Hour before Sun-rifin<p or use any Gun, Dog, Snare, frying and Sun-Net, or other Engine for taking, killing, or destroying any Hare, Pheasant, Partridge, Moor Game,

Heath Game, or Grouse, in the Night as aforesaid, and shall be convicted thereof upon the Oath or Oaths uf^J0T due" of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, for Aroying Game 5 any County, Riding, Division or Place; every such Person shall, for the first Offence, be committed to for ift Offence, the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Main prize, for any Time nott0 be imprisoned exceeding Six Calendar Months, nor less than Three Calendar Months: And if any Person, having been than*

once convicted of such Offence, shall afterwards be guilty of the like Offence, and be thereof convicted in For oth^OffVa. Manner aforesaid; every such Person shall, for every such Offence, be committed to the Common Gaol, «es not Mi than or House of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Twelve Six Months; Calendar Months, nor less than Six Calendar Months; and shall also, within Three Days from the Time so[[ach ,to bt

of his Commitment, either for the first or any other Offence, be once publickly whipped in the ^lc Town where such Gaol or House of Correction shall be, between the Hours of Twelve and One of the p Clock in the Day.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fourth Offendersm»9on- 1 Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, if any Person or Persons shall, upon a Sunday, <Uv, uting a Gun

any HareA Pheasant, ^Partridge, Moor Game, Heath Game, or Grouic, °S In8in5foT dc~

ftro)ingGame,

take, kill, or destroy,

or shall upon a Sunday use any Gun, Dog, Snare, Net, or other Engine for taking, killing, or destroying any Hare, Pheasant, Partridge, Moor Game, Heath Game, or Grouse; every such Person, being convicted thereof upon the Oath or Oaths of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for any County, Riding, Division, or Place, on Conviction shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds, nor less than Twenty Pounds, as to such to forfeit 20J. Justice or Justices shall seem meet: And in case such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, such Justice or to be levied by Justices shall, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, cause the same to be D'rtrds, with levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels* together with all Costs and Charges at-^1^’ >>d tending such Distress and Sale; and the Forfeitures, when paid or recovered as aforesaid, shall be applied, in former and the One Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall p0cr. have been committed; and in case no sufficient Distress can be had, such Justice or Justices shall commit For want of DiC. the Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for t,ef#» Offender t# any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, nor less than Three Calendar Months. becemmuud,

670 C. 19.

20.

Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

Justices may cause

III. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, to be drawn up a|i ai*j every the Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be convince] of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any Form of Words to the said £ffeft,*as the Case shall happen; videlicet,

the following

Form of Conviction.

TJ E it remembered, That on the Day of

JLJ Lord A B is convicted before tncCjD, One of His Majesty's Justices of the

‘ Peace for the County of the Janie was committed, as the Case shall be.)

in the Year of our iy’s Justices of the (specifying the Offence, and Time and Place when and where

Fetfom agtiisved

m iv jp.n'ai to the Charter-fattens i

ftivinj 14 Days Nut ce to Persons coir.pl «iocJ

Determination to kc tujaJ,

or removable

by Certiorari.

[Preamble.]

Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year aforesaid.*

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved, by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at the next General Quarter Session of the Peace to be held for the County or Place wherein the Cause of Complaint shall arise, and within Four Days after the Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen; such Appellant giving or causing to be given. Fourteen Days Notice at least, in Writing, of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Person or Persons whose Acts are complained against} and within 1 wo Days after such Notice, entering into Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for Jiich County or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by, the Justices at such Quarter-session; and the said Justices at such Session, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal, in a luminary Way, and award such Coils to the Parties appealing, or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper } and the Determination of such Quarter-session shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes 5 and no Order made concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, pr any other Proceedings to be had, touching the Conviction or Convictions of any Offender against this Act, shall be quashed for want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari* or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster

CAP. XX.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough of JSntf*

Lynn, and the Liberties thereof.

WHEREAS the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, is a Town of extensive Trade: And whereas there hath been usually held before the Mayor or Recorder of the said Borough, or their or One of their Deputies, a Court of Record for the Trial of Civil Actions, commonly called The Guild Hall Court 5 but as the Proceedings of the said Court have been found to be expensive and dilatory, many ill-disposed Persons do often contract Small Debts, and, although able, refuse to pay the same; presuming on the Discouragement which Creditors lie under from the Expence which they are unavoidably put to, and the Delays which they meet with in suing for such Debts: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this present Parlia-foowaiflaonen. ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Ten eldest Common Council of the said Borough for the Time being, and such other Persons within the said Borough who, for the Time being, are or shall be chosen Guardians of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Margaret within the said Borough, and the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of South Lynn, alias All Saints, within the said Borough or Liberties thereof, for the Time being, shall be and are hereby appointed Commissioners to hear and determine all such Matters of Debt and Detinue as are herein after mentioned; and the said Stile of the Cowt, Commissioners are hereby constituted a Court of Justice by the Name of The Court of Requests for the Borough of King’s Lynn, and the Liberties thereof; and they the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them. How Meetings shall and are hereby impowered and required to meet and hold the said Court Once in every Calendar Month, bekeld. or 0ftnerj if there shall be Occasion, in the Guild Hall within the said Borough, or at any other convenient Place there, to be appointed by the major Part of the said Commissioners; and the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, from Time to Time assembled at such Courts, are hereby authorised and fully impowered to hear and determine all such causes as are hereafter mentioned, and to give such Judgments, and to make such Orders and Decrees therein, and to award Execution thereupon, with Costs, against the Body and Bodies, or against the Goods of all and every the Person and Persons against whom they shall give any such Judgment, or make any such Order or Decree, as to them shall seem just in Law or Eouity, and most agreeable to good Confidence: And if the Commissioners shall happen to be equally divided upon any Question which may come before them, the Mayor of the said Borough for the Time being, if present; or in his Absence the Deputy Mayor, if present; or in his Absence the Recorder of the said Borough for the Time being, if present; or in his Absence the Deputy Recorder, if present; or in his Absence the senior Alderman present; and if no Alderman is present, the senior Common Councilman present; and if no Common Councilman be present, the Commissioner present who (lands the first-named Guardian of the federal Wards within the said Pariftx of Saint Margaret, shall have the Casting Vote,

Casting Vtte.

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 20. .671

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of What Person* April, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons summoa-whatsoever, who now harh, have, or hereafter shall have any Debt or Debts, Thing or Things, under*

the Value of Forty Shillings, due or owing or belonging unto him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own Right, or as Executor, Administrator, Guardian, or Trustee to any other Person or Persons, by or from any Person or Persons whomsoever inhabiting or residing within the said Borough of King's Lynn, or the Liberties thereof, or using or frequenting the Markets, or Marts, or Fairs thereof, or usually buying or fel- / ling, or seeking a livelihood therein, or failing or navigating to and from the Port and Haven of King's Lynn afo re said, as well with Lighters and Small Craft as with Ships and Vessels, to apply to the Clerk of the said Court for the Time being, who shall immediately make out and deliver to one of the Serjeants at Mace for the said Borough for the Time being (which said Serjeants at Mace are hereby appointed, authorised, and cierki female required to execute all Warrants, Precepts, and Process of the said Court of Requests) a Summons in Writ- outSummonfe*. ing under his Hand directed to such Debtor or Debtors, expressing the Sum demanded of him, her, or them, the Party demanding, and requiring him, her, or them, to appear at a certain Time and Place, to be mentioned in such Summons, before the Commissioners of the said Court, to answer such Complaint; and the Serjeant at Mace shall forthwith cause such Summons to beftrved on such Debtor or Debtors, either perfo-naliy, or by leaving the same at the Dwelling-house, Lodging, Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, *»(«"

or oti.er Place of Dealing or Trading of such Debtor or Debtors, being within the Limits of the said Bo- thcraine» rough, or the Liberties thereof, with his, her, or their Servant, or other Person belonging to him, her, or them; and that, upon Proof made that sech Summons hath been duly served, the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, assembled in Court (being a Majority of such Court) are hereby impowered and required to make due Enquiry concerning such Demands or Plaints, and make such Orders and Decrees therein, and pass such final Judgement and Sentence thereupon, and award such Costs of Suit, as to them ^omrmtrmnT* shall seem most agreeable to Equity and good Conscience: And for the better Discovery of the Truth, and ^pow-mi ro more solemn Determination of Matters and causes which shall be depending in the said Court, it shall be make Detract* lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, assembled in Court, and they are hereby impowered to administer or cause to be administered an Oath or Oaths to any Person or Persons whose Evidence shall seem necessary towards the hearing and determining any of the said causes, or making any Order or Decree therein, or for any other Purposes requisite to the Execution of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if such Debtor or Debtors, who shall CoOTt mijmafce

have been duly summoned as aforesaid, shall not appear before such Court at the Time and Place mentioned d*b

in the said Summons, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or appear, more of them so assembled, (being a Majority of the said Court) after due Proof made upon Oath of the

Service of the said Summons in Manner aforesaid, to hear the Cause on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs pnly; and to make such Order, Decree,' or Judgment, and to award reasonable Costs of Suit, as to them shall seem most agreeable to Equity and good Conscience.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, upon the Day of the Return of the Costs may fie gt* Summons, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the said Court, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not vm to Defco-appear, or appearing shall not make due Proof of his, her, or their Demand to the Satisfaction of the Court, danC* but become nonsuited; it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them (being a Majority of the said Court) to award to the Defendant or Defendants reasonable Costs, and to order and oblige the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the same, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of Debts ordered and decreed by the said Court.

y. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in any Cafewhere the said Commissioners, Commissionei* or any Three or more of them as aforesaid, shall nave made any Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, may

it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or ax* Three or more of them, (being a Majority of the find Court) to award Execution either against the Body or Goods of the Party against whom such Order or Decree shall be made; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for the Clerk of the said Court, at the Prayer of the Party prosecuting such Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, to issue a Precept under his Hand and Seal, by Way of Capias ad Satisfaciendum, or Fieri Facias, to the Serjeants at Mace of the said Borough, or any Oneof them, who, by virtue of any such Precept issued upon Execution awarded against the Body of such Party, shall and may, and are and is hereby impowered to take such Party, being within the said Borough or Liberties thereof, and carry him, her, or them, to the Common Gaol or House of Cor-reftion for the said Borough, there to remain until he, she, or they shall perform and obey such Order, Decree, or Judgment, so as no Person shall remain in Confinement upon any such Execution for a longer Space than 1nree Calendar Months; and by virtue of any such Precept issued upon Execution awarded against the Goods of any such Party, shall 2nd may, and are and is hereby impowered to levy by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Party, neingwithin the said Borough or Liberties thereof, such Sum or Sums of Money* and Costs, as shall be so ordered, decreed, and adjudged; and if the Party against: whole Body or Goods any such Execution shall be awarded, and the Process thereupon shall issue, shall by absconding or by secreting his, her, or their Goods, or by any other Means, prevent or evade the Service or Effect of any such Execution, itftiall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, assembled iniuch Court, (being a Majority of the said Court} upon due Proof made to them by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses that the Service or Effect of the said Execution hath been prevented or evaded, at their Discretion to award another Execution, either against the Body or Goods of such Party; and Process shall issue thereupon, and be served by the said Serjeants at Mace, or One of them, in Manner as is aforesaid: And in case the said Court shall at any Time, upon the Request, and for the Ease and Convenience of the Defendant or Defendants, order, decree, or adjudge a Debt due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to be paid by several Payments, upon the iirft Default or Failure of any of the said

Payments

672 C. 20. Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

Payments so ordered, decreed, and adjudged, the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them, assembled in such Court, (beinga Majority of the said Court) at the instance of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and upon due Proof of the said Default or Failure, shall and may award Execution for the whole Debt, or such Part thereof as shall remain unpaid at the Time of such Default or Failure, together with such further Costs as to them shall seem meet j to be recovered by the same Method and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of the Debt and Costs first decreed $ the former Order, Decree, or Judgment to the contrary notwithstanding.

Party to be dif-

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon every Precept to be used upon nent^Debt^nd Execut*on awarded against the Body or Goods of any Person or Persons, the Clerk of the said Court shall Costs.° C ta indorse, or cause to J)e indorsed, the Sum or Sums, and Costs so ordered, decreed, or adjudged, and the Costs of the said Execution; and if the Party against whom such Execution shall be awarded respectively, shall, before any actual Sale of the Goods, or before he or she is apprehended, or before the Expiration of the Term of his or her Imprisonment, pay, or cause to be paid or tendered unto the Clerk of the said Court,

such Sum or Sums and Costs, together with One Shilling as a Reward for his Trouble in receiving and paying over the said Debt and Costs, and entering Acknowledgment of Satisfaction in full for the same, and also the Sum of Two Shillings and Two-pence for Gaol Fees (in case such Person or Persons shall have been committed to Prison); then, and in any such Case, the Execution shall be superseded, and the Body or Goods of the said Party shall be discharged and set at Liberty.

Attcrmei not

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Privilege or pretended Privilege shall privileged. be allowed to exempt any Person liable to be summoned by virtue of this A £1, from the Jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests, on account of his being a sworn Attorney or Solicitor of any of the Courts at Westminster, or of any Court whatsoever.

Officers «f the

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the Serjeants at Mace, who

u°nifteTfor Mil be employed to serve an Execution, shall, by wilful or notorious neglect or Connivance, cause or fuf-

keiuviogr°r fer c^e Party against whom such Execution shall be awarded to escape or abscond, or the Goods of such Party to be carried away or secreted, so that such Execution shall not have its due effedfc; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, assembled at any fuclv Court (beinga Majority of the Court) upon Complaint made, and due Proof thereof upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to order such Serjeant at Mace to pay the Sum or Sums of Money for which the said Execution was awarded to the Party complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof by the same Method and Means as are herein provided for Recovery of other Debts.

Commissioners #

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the better regulating the Proceed-may m»ke Or- ings of the said Court, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or any &ix or more of Jeis for regulating them assembled at any such Court, from Time to Time to make such Rules and Orders for the better re-Proccctkogs, gulating the Practice of the said Court, and the Method of Proceeding the rein, as shall seem to them most expedient and conducive to the Purposes of this Act, so that such Rules and Orders shall be agreeable to Law, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; which said Rules and Orders, having been signed by the said Six or more Commissioners, shall be in full Force, and kept and observed by all the Commissioners thereafter holding or to hold the said Court, and their Officers and the Suiters therein, until the lame shall be repealed by the like Number of Commissioners.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting as "a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act (save in the Choice of a Clerk at their First Meeting, as hereafter mentioned) until he shall have taken an Oath to the Effect following j that is to say,

r __

Commissioners c T AB do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the bed of my Oath. 1 JL Judgement, hear and determine such Matters and Things as shall be brought before me by virtue

‘ of an Act of Parliament for the mire easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough of 1 King’s Lynn and Liberties thereof without Favour, Affection, or Prejudice to either Party.

So help me GOD.*

Which Oath the Clerk of the said Court, or any One of the Commissioners who shall have taken such Oath, is hereby impowered and required to administer in open Court $ and a Memorial thereof shall be entered into the Register of the said Court by the said Clerk.

A Clerk to be

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for appointed. the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, present at their first Court to be held in pursuance of this Act, and they are hereby required, to constitute and appoint a fit and able Person to be Clerk of the said Court of Requests, who fh;ill continue in the said Office during his good Behaviour, and who shall have Power and Authority, from Time to Time, to appoint a Deputy 5 which said Clerk, or his Deputy, are Clerk to issue hereby impowered and required to issue out all Summonses, Warrants, and Precepts, and to register all Summonses, &c. Orders, Decrees, and Judgments of the said Court; and shall enter and register, or cause to be entered and registered, in proper Books to be provided by him and kept for that Purpoi'e, all the Acts and Proceedings of the said Court j and whenever it shall happen that the Place or Office of Clerk of the said Court shall become vacant, by the Death, Resignation, or Removal of the Clerk to be appointed as herein before mentioned, or of any other future Clerk of the said Court, the Mayor of the said Borough for the Time being, or his Deputy, shall and is hereby required, within Ten Days after such Vacancy, to cause all the Commissioners for the Time being, to be summoned to meet at the Guildhall of the said Borough, at a certain Time by him to be appointed, so as the same be not less than Four Days, nor more than Fourteen

Days

D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 20. 673

Days after such Vacancy shall happen; and the Commissioners assembled, pursuant to such Summons, or the major Part of them, shall nominate and appoint another fit and able Person to be Clerk of the said Court during his good Behaviour.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That th^’several Fees hereafter limited and expressed, and no other, shall be taken by the said Clerk, and the said Serjeants at Mace, for their several and respective Services in the Execution of this Act that is to say,

For entering the Cause, to the Clerk -

For issuing every Summons, to the Clerk -

For Service of every Summons, and attending the Court with Return, to the Serjeant For every Hearing, to the Clerk -

For every Order, to the Clerk -

For entering every Order, and making a Copy if requireil, to the Clerk - For the Service of every Order against a Party not in Court, and attending with Return, Serjeant ——

Fora Nonfuiton the Plaintiff's not appearing, to the Clerk -

For acknowledging Satisfaction, to the Clerk -

For an Execution, to the Clerk -

For Service thereof, to the Serjeant -

For a Subpoena, to the Clerk -

For the Service thereof, to the Serjeant -

For paying Money into Court, if by twenty Payments or less, to the Clerk

For paying Money into Court, if more than Twenty Payments, to the Clerk

For every Search of the Books, to the Clerk -

For every Person committed for insulting the Court, to the Clerk

For every such Person, to the Serjeant -

to the J

x. d.

q fy Tible of Fees. O 6

; i

o 6 o 6

o 6

o 4

0 6

1 o i o o 6

0 6

1 o

o 6 o 6

A Table of which Fees shall, from Time to Time, be hung up by the Clerk of the said Court, in some Tobehung conspicuous Part of the said Court or Place where the said Commissioners shall meet, so that all Persons uPio the Court, who shall attend the said Court may fee and read the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Clerk of the said Coutt for Punirtiment of the Time being, or his Dcputv, or the said Serjeants, or any of them, or any Person employed by or under °tl?cerpt*sklI!g them, or any of them, shall talce or demand any greater or other Fee or Fees than as above mentioned, upon thofeaUowed Complaint and due Proof thereof upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses

made in open Court, the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them (being a Majority of the said Court) shall, and are hereby impowered and required, from Time to Time, to punish such Offender, by Fine, not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Ten Shillings, for One Offence, to be levied by Piftrels and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, rendering to the Owner the Overplus (if any) after the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deduced; which Fine, when recovered, shall be paid to the Chamberlain, of the said Borough for the Use of the Mayor and Burgesses of King's Lynn aforesaid, in like Manner as other Fines within the said Borough are, and have been usually paid; and if the said Clerk of the said Court for the Time being shall be guilty of any notorious Misbehaviour, either by continually or frequently taking or demanding greater or other P ees than as aforesaid. or any otherwise, upon Complaint made, the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall, in open Court, hear and inauire into the Matters of the said Misbehaviour, by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, and shall, if they (being a Majority of the said Court) shall think fit, certify the Particulars of the said Misbehaviour, with the Proofs thereof, unto the Mayor of the said Borough for the Time being* who shall thereupon cause all the said Commissioners to be summoned to meet at a convenient Time and Place, and shall lay the same before the Commissioners assembled pursuant to such Summons, who shall take the same into Consideration, and may, according to their Discretion, suspend or remove the said Clerk so offending from his said Office, and nominate and appoint another fit and able Person to exercise the said Office in his Place and Stead.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the Commissioners of the said Commissionew Court for the Time being, shall be a Party to, or interested in any Cause depending in the said Court,

such Person shall not be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the hearing and determining the said Cause,

or making any Order, Decree, or Judgement therein; but after being heard in the said Cause, shall withdraw until the same is finally determined: And if the Clerk of the said Court, or any other of the Officers thereof, for the Time being, shall be a Party to, or interested in any Cause depending in the said Court, such Clerk or other Officer shall not exercise his said Office in the said Cause, or any Thing relating thereto; but the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, assembled at such Court (being a Majority of the said Court) shall and may appoint another Person to exercise the Office of such Clerk, or other Officer respectively, in all Things relating to such Cause; and no Clerk or other Officer of the said Court of Requests, so long as they respectively continue in such Office, shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner of the said Court.

XV. And, for the more effectual Establishment of the said Court, and that the Commissioners thereof Persontinfulting may be vested with a proper Authority, and be free and exempt from Insult and Abuse \ be it enacted by tl,eCou*l»

Voi* X. 4 R the

674 C. 20. Anno decimo Georo.ii III. A.D. 1770.

the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall contemptuously and wilfully insult or abuse all or any of the Commissioners of the said Court for the Time being, during their fitting in the said Court, or wilfully prevent or hinder them or any of them from proceeding in the Business of the said Court, it shall and may be lawful for the Serjeants of the said Court, by Order of the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them (being a Majority of the said Court)-to take such Offender or Offenders into Custody, and carry him, her, or them before the Mayor, Recorder, or any other Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Borough; and upon the Insult, Abuse, or other Misbehaviour as aforesaid being duly proved by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, the said Mayor, Recorder, Justice* to forfeit not or Justices shall punish every such Offender, either determined by Fine, not exceeding Twenty Shillings upon any more than aos. one Person for any One Offence, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the said Offender, or Imprisonment in the common Gaol of the said Borough for any Space of Time not exceeding Ten Days } anvi where the said Mayor, Recorder, Justice or Justices shall nave isaposed a Fine upon ftieh Offender, and there shall not be found sufficient Goods of such Offender whereupon such Fine can be levied, the said Mayor, Recorder, Justice or Justices shall and may, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, commit the said Offender to the common Gaol of the said Borough, there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding Ten Days; and all such Fines as aforesaid (halJ, when levied, be paid and applied in like Manner as the Fines herein before mentioned are directed fio be paid and applied; and the said Clerk of the said Court for the Time being shall, from Time to Time, cause a true Copy of this Clause to be fixed up in the Court or Place where the said Commissioners shall meet, in faorcconspicuous Part thereof, where the Persons referring to the said Court may fee and read the same.

No Sums ft ? less

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if in any Act ion of Debt, or Action than 40«. to b€ on the Case upon an Jflianpfit for the Recovery of any Debt or Thiru$, to be sued for or prosecuted against

i.ied fur »n any any Person or Persons as aforesaid, in any of the King’s Courts at Westminster^ or elsewhere out of the said 1 cr Court*. Court of Requests, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall declare for any Sum of Money not amounting to Forty Shit ings, the Defendant or Defendants may plead generally in Bar of such Action, that, at the Time of commencing such Action, the Defendant or Defendants was or were liable to be warned or summoned before the said Court of Requests, without pleading any other Matter specially; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any such Action shall declare for any Sum amounting to borty Shillings or more, the Defendant or Defendants may plead generally, over and above such Matters as aforesaid, that the Defends or Defendants was or were not, at the Time of commencing such Action, indebted to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any Sum of Money amounting to Forty Shillings, without pleading any other Matter specially; and unto the said Pleas the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall or may reply generally, and deny the Matter ytjinu'flfnonfuit- pleaded as aforesaid; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs be nonsuited, or discontinue hrs, her, or their Action* ed, &c. io other or Verdict pass, or Judgement on Demurrer be given againsthina, her, or them, the Defendant or Defen-Court, dams'shall have Double Costs, unless the Judge who shall try such Cause, upon any such Plea or Pleas a*

aforesaid, (Hall in open Court certify on the Back of the Record, that there was a probable or reasonable Cause of Action for some Money or Thing of the Value of Forty Shillings or more, or that the said Cause was not within the Jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests, or that an Act of Bankruptcy principally came in dieftion.

may afterwjrdi

XVII. Provided always, That it shall and maybe (awful for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action, prosecute in this, afterwards to prosecute the said Defendant or Defendants for the Recovery of the said Debt or Thing in the said Court of Requests; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Debwrecoverable

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit fix any Debt or in thi* Court, not Thing not amounting to the Value of Forty Shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this Act in the said *> be sued for in Court of Requests, mall br brought against any Person or Persons in any other Court whatsoever and aBjtocbtr, any Action or Suit shall be brought in any other Court for any Matter within the Jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests, and concerning which any Order, Decree, or Judgement shall have been made or given i* the said Court of Requests, such Order, Decree, or Judgement, being pleaded or given in Evidence on the GeneralTfliie of such Action or Suit, shall, as to the Matters contained therein, bean effectual Bar Cftferf Beokc to Pontiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit; and the Registersor Books of Entry of the said Court, be lead iii or true Copies proved by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall h* lienee. deemed legal Evidence of the Acts and Proceedings of the said Court; and no Suit which shall be commenced in the said Cotirt of Requests in pursuance of this Act, nor any Proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any superfor Court j but the same shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and, Purposes.

Not to ro

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any Thing herein* Debt* tnr k, nr, contained, shall not extend to any Debt for Kent upon any Lease or Contract where the Tkle of any Selonttin^to^ kands, Tenements, or Hereditaments can or may come in Question; nor to any Debt, Matter, or Thing, cL-cTttic^Courts, that shall or may arise upon, or in any wise relate to or concern any Cause of Testatnent or Matrimony, or "any Thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Courts;. nor for any Debt for any Money r Gaming Debts, or Thing won at or by means of any Horse Race, Cock Match, or any Kind of (Saining or Play; nor for any Forfeiture upon any penal Statute or Bye-law; nor to any Debt whereof there his been no Contract or Undertaking to pay within Six Years before the taking out of the Summons, although the same shall be under the Value of Forty Shillings.

Jurisdiction of

XX. Provided alfe, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any Thing herein* Adm r^ityCourt contained, shall nqt take away, limit, or lessen the Jurisdiction of the Court of Admiralty held in and*

*( tkcieby;ciTen-for the Borough and Port of King's Lynn aforesaid, by virtue of certain Royal Grants or Charters; but -c4* all causes lawfully cognizable in that Court* may continue to be commenced* prosecuted* and determined

thereby

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 20. 675

therein, according to the usual Course and Practice thereof, as heretofore hith been 5 any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, in making Person* imn* Oath or giving Evidence in any Cause or Matter depending in the said Court of Requests pursuant to this *"alfe f.vid"cc*

Act% shall commit wilful and corrupt Perjury; such Person or Persons, being duly convicted thereof ac- p^suiy. 1 cording to Law, shall incur and suffer such Pains and Penalties as iany other Person or Persons, con- J vifted of wilful and corrupt Perjury, is or are subject and liable to by the Laws and Statutes of this

Realm.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Keepers, for the Time Keeper* of Pri-being, of the Common Goal or House of Correction within the said Borough, shall, and they are hereby wn^,lty of required to receive and take into their Custody respectively, all and every Person and Persons who shall be " 1 aviour> committed, or ordered to (land committed by any Three or more of the said Commissioners present in Court (being a Majority of such Court) or by virtue of any Warrant, Execution, or other Process issuing out of the (kid Court of Requests: And in case the Keeper of the said Gaol or House of Correction respectively, shall neglect or refute to receive and take into his Custody any Person or Persons committed by virtue of this Act, or shall, before the Expiration of the Time for which any Person or Persons shall be committed to his Custody, discharge such Person or Persons out of his Custody, or wilfully suffer such Person or Persons to go at large, without a Warrant or Order for that Purpose in Writing, signed by Three or more of the said Commissioners, One of whom at least shall have been present in Court at the Time of the Commitment, such Keepers respectively offending in either of the said cases, and being thereof lawfully convicted before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Borough, to forfe-t not upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or upon his own Confession, shall forfeit m0IC th*n 51. and pay, for every such Offence, a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, of nor lcf> ihia 40*. lawful Money of Great Britain, at the Discretion of such Justice; and such Sum shall be immediately paid by the Person so offending into the Hands of the Justice before whom such Offender shall be convicted; or, in Default thereof, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, by Warrant under the Jiand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to such Offender, the Charges of such Distress and Sale being the reout firstdcdufted; which Forfeiture, when paid or levied, shall be immediately paid over by such Justice, or by the Person who shall levy and receive the same, to the Chamberlain of the said Borough for the Time being, for the Use of the Mayor and Burgesses thereof.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Attorney of any Court of Record Nokuorney to shall be admitted to appear, in the said Court of Requests, as Attorney or Advocate on Behalf of any wear in the Plaintiff or Defendant, under a Penalty of Twenty Shillings; to be levied and applied as above mentioned Louxt‘ with respect to Keepers of the said Gaol and House of Correction.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person inhabiting or Perform not obey, residing within the said Borough, shall be duly served with a Subpoena or Summons, to be issued by the SubP*Qa4» Clerk of the said Court, to appear in the said Court of Requests at a Time and Plate in such Subpoena or Summons mentioned, to give Evidence on Behalf of any Plaintiff’ or Defendant, shall neglect or refuse

to appear, pursuant to such Subpoena or Summons, and no Cause of Absence being shewn, to the S,uis-faction of the Majority of the Commissioners present at the Court to which such Person shall be by such Subpoena or Summons required to appear, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them assembled in such Court (and being a Majority of them) to impose a Fine to forfeit *ot not exceeding Twenty Shillings, nor less than Five Shillings, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the less thou 51. Offender’s Goods, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to such Offender, the Charges of such Distress and Sale being the reout first deducted; which Fine, when paid or levied, shall be paid over to the Party or Parties at wnofc Instance or on whose Behalf such Subpoena or Summons issued.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Writ shall be sued out against, No Proee'i to 10 nor any Copy of any Process, at the Suit of any Person or Persons, shall be served on any of the said Con- an* missioners for the Time being, for any Thing by him done in the Execution of his Office, until Notice oui NoUc\

in Writing of such intended Writ or Process shall have been delivered to him, or left at the usual Place ef his Abode, by the Attorney or Agent for the Party who intends to sue, or cause the same to be sued or served, at least One Calendar Month before the suing out or serving the same; in which Notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained the Cause of Action which such Party hath or claimeth to have against such Commissioner; on the Back of which Notice shall be indorsed the Name of such Attorney or Agent, together with the Place of his Abode, who shall be intitled to have the Fee of Twenty Shillings for the preparing and serving such Notice, and no more.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Commissioners, at pur^t^n0| any Time within One Calendar Month after such Notice given as aforesaid, to tender Amends to the Party recover, if Tender complaining, or to his or her Agent or Attorney; and, in case the same is not acccp.ed, to plead such Amend* hw Tender infiar to any Action to be brought aeainit him grounded on such Writ or Process, together with l*ca

the Plea of Not Guilty, and other Plea with Leave of the Court; and if, upon issue joined thereon, the Jury shall find the Amends so tendered to have been sufficient, then they shall give a Verdict for the Defendant; and in such Case, or in case the Plaintiff shall become nonsuited, or shall discontinue his or her Action; or in case Judgement shall be given for such Defendant upon Demurrer, such Commissioner shall be intitled to the like Costs as he would have been intitled unto in case he had pleaded the General Issue only; and if upon Issue so joined, the Jury shall find that no Amends were tendered, or that the same were not fufliciem, and also against the Defendant in such other Plea or Pleas* then they fluil gwe a Vcr-

4 R 2 dist.

676 C. 20*, 2r. 'Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

Proof tote made el Notice.

Defendant may pay Monty into Court.

No Evidence, but what contained in Notice.

L'm tation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

[Publick Act.]

di& for the Plaintiff, and such Damages as they shall think proper, which he or she shall recover, together with his or her Costs of Suit.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no such Plaintiff shall recover any Verdict against such Commissioner in any Case, where the Action shall be grounded on any AS of the Defendant as a Commissioners unless it is proved upon the Trial of such Action, that such Notice was given as aforesaid; but in Default thereof, such Commissioner shall recover a Verdict and Costs as aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the AuthorLy aforesaid, That in case such Commissioner shall ne-gleS to tender any Amends, or shall have tendered inefficient Amends, before the Action brought, it {halt and may be lawful for him, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any 7 irne before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he shall see fit; whereupon such Proceedings, Orders, and Judgments shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Evidence shall be permitted to be given by the Plaintiff, on the Trial of any such Action as foresaid, of any Cause of Action, except such as is contained in the Notice hereby directed to be given.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her. or their Action or Suit; or if upon Verdict or Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble such Costs as are usually taxed and allowed between Party and Party, and have such Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cases by Law.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, other Persons whomsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

CAP. XXL

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Parishes of Poulton, Kirkham, Lytham, and Bifpham, and Town ships of Prcefall and Stalmine, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[Preamble.]

c tT WHEREAS many Persons residing, tradings or dealing, within the Parishes of Poulton, Kirkham,

Lytham, and Bifpham, and Townships of Precfall and Stalmine, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, frequently con trad Small Debts, and although they are well able, refuse to pay the same, pre- fuming on the Difficulties their Creditors lie under by the present Forms of Law: and as an easy and speedy Method of recovering Small Debts, within the said Parishes and Townships, will greatly contribute to promoteInduftry, and support and encourage useful Credit therein: May it therefore please c Your Majesty. that it may be enacted; and* be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Naimes. 100Cr* Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Jonathan Singleton, Richard Pollard, Joseph Webjler, William Harrison, John HudJon, Richard Walker, Thomas Briggs, George Hodgson, William Wild, Robert Bickerjlajf, Thomas Whiteside, Samuel Lomas, Samuel Bailey, William Smithjon, William Dixfon, Paul Harrison, Richard Warbrick, Thomas Threlfall, Henry Carter, John Carter, Robert Fiflnuick, Eduard Smith, Robert Maccalla, Piugh Snape, Richard Bibby, Andrew Snap, James Bifbrown, Richard Singleton, Richard Smithjon, Richard Dujhursty John Windres, George Parkinson, Richard Harrison the elder, Richard Harrison the younger, James Swarlricky William Parkirfon, Thomas Threlfall, John Hornby, William Hornby, Thomas HuUy Thomas Wilkinson, George Lewtas, John Threlfall, Henry Wilkinson, William Cook-Jon, William Threlfall, George Gratrix, Thomas Foden, William Bsucher, John Forjhaw, William Bonny, William Hodgfony John Jolly, Richard Hodgson, Thomas Broadbclt, G< orge Rfeall, John Ganthery Eduard Hull, John Hull, John Hull the younger, John Webjler, Richard With am, William Bennet, John War-bricky John Butcher the younger, William Butcher, John Salthouse, William Butcher of Bifham, Thomas Hull of Haddlehouse, John Singleton, Joseph Smith, James Smith. Humphrey Smith, Thomas Any on, William Shepherd, Hugh Hornby, Thomas Langton, Cuthbert Bradkirk, Thomas Hankinfcn, John Swan, J ims Briars, William Thompson, Adam Coston, Jamrs Miller, Thomas Birlev, Joseph Hornby, John Birley, Henry Laurfon, James Lazifon, Richard Cockin, William Park, William Birley, James Crockall, Richard Bluckciv, Rotert Freckleton, Thomas Cowburn, William Dobson, Richard Hornby, and Thomas Birch, shall be, and they are hereby declared, constituted, and appointed Commissioners, to hear and determine all such causes and Matters of Debt as are herein after mentioned; and such Commissioners and their Successors, are hereby fltilcof the Comt. constituted a Court of Justice, by the Name and Stile of The Court of Reque/ls for the Parishes of Poulton, Kirkham, Lytham, and Bifpham, and Townships ^/"Preefall and Stalmine, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and they the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall, and they are hereby au-Court to be held impowered and required, to meet, assemble, and hold the Court in each of the said Parishes of

vcckJy. Poulton and Kirkham, Once in every Week at the Icaft, to wit, on ev.iry Monday at Poult, n, and on every

Thursday at Kirkham, and ofeener if there shall be Occasion, in a Court-house, or feme convenient Place

1 to

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 2T. 677

to be appointed in each of the said Parishes, by the major Part of the said Commissioners who shall be assembled at any General Meetings to be held for that Purpose; which General Meetings shall be for the First Week, on the Monday and Thursday Fortnight next after the Day of passing of this Act

II. Provided nevertheless, That in case there shall not be Three or more of the said Commissioners, in Default of appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, assembled on any of the Days appointed for holding faffkier.t Number the said Court, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk of the said Court, or his Deputy

for the Time being, to adjourn the said Court to the next General Court Day on which the said Court Tn^ihcr Day.0 ought to be held.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting as commissioner» a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken an Oath to the following Effect ^Oath.

(that is to say)

T AB do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially,^ and honestly, according to the best of my Judge-

X ment, hear and determine all such Matters and causes as shall be brought before me, by virtue of

an Act of Parliament for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the rarishes of

Pcultcn, Kirkham, Lytham, and Bifpbam, and the Townships of Preefall and Stalmine, in the County

Palatine of Lancaster; without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Malice to either Party.

So help me GOD,9

Which Oath, the Clerk of the said Court, or any of the Commissioners who shall have taken such Oath,

is and are hereby impowered and required to administer in open Court; and the Clerk of the said Court Memorial thereof

shall enter, or cause a Memorial thereof to be entered in the Register of the said Court. toubegifterJi.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from Time to Time, and as often as it On n<Mtb, or Re-shall be necessary, either by the Death' of any of the said Commissioners herein before particularly named, futai to aa, others or of any of their Successors, to be chosen in Manner herein after mentioned, or by his or their refusing to be chosen. or neglecting, for the Space of Twelve Months, to ad herein, it shall and may be lawful to and for the remaining or surviving Commissioners, or any Eleven or more of them, to meet and assemble together, at

any Time after such Death, Refusal, or Neglect to ad, and to elect and appoint a Commissioner in the Stead and Place of each such Commissioner dying or refusing to ad; and every such Commissioner, so elected and appointed, shall be, and is hereby enabled to ad in the Execution of this Act,' as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he had been particularly named in this Act.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners so named and appointed. Their Power, and their Successors to be chosen as herein after is mentioned, or any Three or more of them, from Time

to Time assembled as aforesaid, fhalhhave Power and Authority by virtue of this Act, to hear and determine all such causes and Matters of Debt as shall be brought before them, in Manner as herein after is mentioned, and give such Judgements, and to make such interlocutory and final Orders and Decrees therein, and to award such* Execution thereupon with Costs, both against the Bodies and the Goods and Chattels of all and every the Person and Persons against whom they shall give or make any such Judgement, Order, or Decree, as to them shall seem just and most agreeable to Equity and good Conscience; and if the Commissioners so assembled shall happen to be equally divided upon any Question that may Carting Vote, come before them, the Commissioners present, whose Name stands first on the Lift of the Commissioners directed to be kept in the Court-house, or Place where they shall respectively meet, shall have the calling Vo e.

VI. Prov ided always. That none of the said Commissioners, nor any Person who shall keep any Victual-ling-house, Alehouse, or other House of publick Entertainment, or who shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, Spirituous or other strong Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of holding any Place of Profit belonging to the said Court.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Edward IVlntefide shall be, and is hereby constituted and appointed, Clerk of the said Court of Requests \ and that Simon Russell shall be, and is hereby constituted and appointed Serjeant of the said Court, so long as they shall behave themselves well in their respective Offices.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from Time to Time, whenever it shall happen that the Place of Clerk dr Serjeant of the said Court shall become vacant, either by Death or Resignation, a Meeting of the Commissioners for the Time being shall be held at one of their Court-houses, so loon as conveniently may be after such Vacancy shall happen; and a Majority of the said Commissioners so met, such Majority not being under Eleven, are hereby authorised and required tochufe and appoint another fit Person to be Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court, to continue in their said respective Offices during his and their good Behaviour.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk herein before named, and his Successors, so from Time to Time to be chosen and appointed, or his lawful Deputy, shall make and cause to be fixed up, in some convenient Part of each of the said Court-houses, fair and complete Lifts, in Writing, of the Commissioners herein named and appointed, or to beeledted and appointed as aforesaid \ and shall also, and is hereby i-npowered and required to ifllie, or cause to be ifljed out, all Summonses, Attachments, Warrants, Subpoenas, and Precepts, and to register and enter, or cause to be registered and entered, all causes, Orders, Decrees, and Judgements, and other AJts and Proceedings of the said Court, in proper Books to be provided by him and kept for that Purpose; and that the Serjeant herein before named, or from Time to Time to be chosen and appointed as aforesaid, shall, and is hereby impowered and required to serve and execute, or cause to be served and executed, all such Sumaipnfes* Orders, At-

' - tachmcms.

Commissioners or Victualler*, Arc. not to hold any PUce of Profit.

First Clerk and Scjeant.

Future EVftPn of C lerk or Serjeant. r -

CIrrk to fix up Lift* of Commission rs in the Court-ho Jtr,

and to issue Summon ics, at d register Order*.

Srrj ant to fcr?e Precepts,

6y8

21.

Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

IVom may sue for U< bt under

4, J*

How OfTkren are tp proceed.

Commissioner* nuy nguiate Proceedings,

and admin’.fter Oaths.

On Nonappearance of Defendant, may proceed cx parte.

On Nonappearance or Nonluit of Plaintiff, may award Cotta,

Commissioner* snay award Execution. '

tod commit the Party,

tachmenft, Warrants, Subpoenas, Executions and Precepts, and to do and perform all such Acts, Matters, and Things, as are h’rein directed and appointed to be done by them.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who now hath or have, or hereafter shall or may have, any Debt or Debts not amounting to the Sum of Forty Shillings, due or owing to him, hcr, ortncm, in his, her, or thrown Right, or as Executor, Administrator, Guardian, or Trustee, by or from any other Person or Persons whatsoever, inhabiting or refilling within the Pariibcs and Townships aforesaid, or any Part thereof, or trading and dealing, or seeking a Livelihood therein, to apply to the Clerk of the said Court, or his Deputy for the Time being, who shall immediately make an Entry in his Book of the Cause, expressing the Names of the Patties, and the Sum demanded 5 and shall thereupon make out and deliver a Summons, in Writing under his Hand, directed to such Debtor or Debtors, expressing the Sum demanded of him, her, or them, and the Name or Namesjof such Party or Parties demanding the same, thereby requiring nd commanding such Debtor or Debtors to appear at a certain Time and Place before the Commissioners of the said Court, to answer such Demand; and the Serjeant of the said Court shall forthwith cause such Summons to be served on such Debtor or Debtors, either personally, or by leaving the same at the Dwelling-house or Place of Abode, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place oulealing or working of such Debtor or Debtors, within the Parishes or Town-ships aforesaid; and the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall, upon Proof made of the Service of such Summons, have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to make due Inquiry concerning such Demands, and to pronounce and give such final Sentence or Judgement, and to make such interlocutory or final Orders and Decrees therein, as to them shall seem most jult and equitable,

XI. And, for the better regulating the Proceedings of the said Court, and rendering this Abf effectual for the Purposes thereof; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for the Time being, or any Five or more of them, being a Majority of the Commissioners assembled in Court as aforesaid, shall rave full Power and Authority by virtue of this Act, from Time to Time, and as often as they shall see Occasion at any of the said Courts, to make such Rules or Orders for the better regulating the Practice of the said Court, as to them shall seem necessary and conducive to the Purposes of this Act; so as they shall be confident with Equity, and do not tend to lessen, abridge, or alter the Fees herein after allowed by this Act to be taken by the Clerk and Serjeant, or Officer of the said Court for the Time being, or to the Exercise of any Jurisdiction inconsistent with the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and do relate to the Process, Practice, and Method of Proceeding of and in the said Court o«ry; according to which Rules and Orders so from Time to Time to be made, the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to proceed upon, and to hear and determine all Matters of Debt not amounting to the said Sum of Forty Shillings, which shall be brought before them by virtue of this Act, and to make and pronounce such Judgements and Decrees concerning the same, and the Coils of Suit, as to them shall seem agreeable to Equity and good Conscience.

XII. And, for the better Discovery of the Truth, and for the more solemn Determination of all the causes and Matters which shall be depending in the said Court, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and n.ay be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of < them, assembled in Court, and they are hereby impowered to administer an Oath to the Party or Parties, Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, and also to such Witness or Witnesses as shall be produced by either Party, and also to the Officers of the Court, and to any Person or Persons whatsoever whose Evidence shall, to the said Commissioners, or to the major Part of them assembled at the said Court, appear necessary.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Debtor or Debtors, who shall have been duly summoned as aforesaid, shall* without some good Cause, to be allowed by the said Court, refuse or neglect to appear in the said Court at the Time mentioned in the said Summons; then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them, upon Proof being made upon Oath of the Service of the said Summons, in Manner before directed, to proceed to hear the Cause on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and to make such Order, Decree, or Judgement therein, and to award such Costs of Suit, as to them shall seem meet.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if upon the Day of the Return of the Summons, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the said Court, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not appear, or appearing shall not make Proof of his, her, or their Debt or Demand to the Ssfcisfablioa of the said Court, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, to award to the Defendant or Defendants reasonable Costs, and to order and compel the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the same, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the enforcing of the Payment of Debts and Costs, ordered and decreed to be paid by the said Court.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in any Case where the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them, shall have made any Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, to award Execution either against the Body or Goods of the said Party or Parties against whom such Order or Decree shall be made; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk of the said Court, at the Request of the Party or Parties prosecuting such Order or Decree, to issue a Precept under his Hand and Seal to the Serjeant of the said Court, who, by virtue of any such Precept issued upon the Execution awarded against the Body or Bodies of such Party or Parties, mall and may, and is hereby impowered and required, to take and apprehend, or cause to be taken and apprehended such Party or Parties, being within any of the Parishes or Townships aforesaid, and to convey him, her, or them, to some Common Gaol, or House of CorrebUon* within the said County Palatine, there to remain until he, she, or they,

shall

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 21. 679

shall perform and obey such Order, Decree, or Judgement, so as no Person shall remain In Confinement upon any such Execution, for any longer Space of Time than Three Months: and such Serjeant, by virtue of any such Precept issued upon the Execution awarded against the Goods of any such Party, shall and may* and is hereby rmpowered to levy by Distress and Sale the Goods of such Party, being within the Parishes or Townships aforesaid, such Sum and Sums of Money, and Costs, as shall be fb ordered and decreed j and if the Party against whose Body or Goods such Execution shall be awarded, and such Process shall iltuc thereupon, shall by absconding, or by secreting or removing his, her, or their Goods, or by any other Means prevent or evade the Service or Effect of any such Execution, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, upon due Proof thereof made to them by the Oath of such Serjeant, or of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, at their Discretion, to award Execution either against the Body or Goods of such Party or Parties; and Process shall issue thereupon, and be executed by the Serjeant in Manner aforesaid, until the Party or Parties, at whose Suit such Execution shall be issued, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners shall Court may or Jef

*t any Time, upon the Request, and for the Ease and Convenience of the Defendant or Defendants, ?elpa,d

order and decree the Debt due to the Plaintiff or plaintiff to be paid at several Payments; then, upon the *y n mcn5* First Default or Failure of any of the said Payments so ordered and decreed, the said Commissioners, or

any-Threeor more of them assembled in Court, shall and may, at the Instance of the Plaintiff or Plain-

tiffs, and upon due Proof of the said Default or Failure, award Execution for the whole Debt, or such Part

thereof as shall then remain unpaid, together with such further Costs as to them shall seem reasonable \ to be recovered determined by the same Process, and in like Manner, as is herein before provided for Recovery of the Debts and Costs first decreed; the former Order or Decree to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Precept to be issued upon On Execution any Execution awarded against the Body or Goods of any Person or Persons whatsoever, the Clerk who to indors#, issues the same shall express, and set down in Writing, the Sum or Sums of Money and Costs so ordered

and decreed to be paid; and if the Party or Parties against whom such Execution shall be awarded, shall, 0 before any actual Sale of his, her or their Goods, or before he, she, or they, is, are, or shall be taken and apprehended, or before the Expiration of the Term of his, her, or their Imprisonment, pay, or cause to be paid, or tendered unto the Clerk of the Court who shall issue such Precept, such Sum or Sums of Money and Costs, together with One Shilling, as a Reward for his Trouble in receiving and paying over such Debt and Costs to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and entering Acknowledgement of Satisfaction in the Book or Register of the said Court for such Debt and Costs, and also the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence for Gaol Fees, in case such Party or Parties shall have been committed to Prison; then, and in such Case and cases, the Execution shall be sup^rfeJed, and the Body or Bodies, and Goods, of such Party or Parties shall be discharged and set at Liberty.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Serjeant of the said Court who Se^eint sufferwi

shall be employed to serve or levy any Execution, shall, by wilful Connivance or Neglect, cause or foffer *n Escape, or the Party against whom such Execution shall be awarded, to escape or abscond, or the Goods of such Party Cood* tobere* *or Parties to be carried away or fecrcTted, so that such Execution shall not have its due Effect; it shall and ’

may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, assembled in Court,

upon Complaint and due Proof made upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to order such Serjeant to pay the Sum or Sums of Money for which the said Execution was awarded, to the Party complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof by the same Method and Means as are herein before provided for the Payment of other Debts.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Fees herein after limited and The Fb®, expressed, and no other, shall be taken by the Clerk and Serjeant for the Time being, for their several and respective Services in the Execution of this Act: (that it to say)

To the Clerk,

For entering every^ Cause, Sixpence,

For ifiiting every Summons, Sixpence.

For every Subpoena, Sixpence.

For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant before the Court, Three-pence*

For every Hearing or Trial, Sixpence.

For swearing every Witness, Plaintiff, or Defendant, Three-pence.

For every Order, Judgement, or Decree, Sixpence.

For a Nonsuit, Sixpence.

For every Search in the Books, Three-pence.

For paying Money into Court, Sixpence; if by Installments, Sixpence in the Pound more.

For taking Money out of Court, and acknowledging of Satisfaction in the Clerk’s Books, Sixpence# For every Attachment, Sixpence.

For every Execution, Sixpence.

For every Warrant of Commitment, for an Insult or Misbehaviour in the Court, or to the Commit oners. Clerk, or Officer of the Court, One Shilling.

To the Serjeant.

For the Service of every Summons, Order or Subpoena, if within either of the Towns of Poultom or

Kirkham,

2

£8o C. zt.", Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

Kirkhani) ancLattending the Court with the Return thereof, Sixpence; if out of either of the said

Towns, Three-pence more for every Mile.

For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant before the Court, One Penny.

' For executing^ every Attachment, Execution or Warrant, against the Body or Goods^ One Shilling j if out of Town. Three-pence more for every Mile.

For carrying every Plaintiff, Defendant, or Delinquent to Prison, Sixpence more for every Mile.

Table thereof to A Table of which Fees shall, from Time to Time, be hung up by the Clerk of the said Court, in some

the^Court^house co.n^picu®us Part or Parts of the said Court-house or Court-houses, Place or Places, where the said Com-e ourt- ou c. mjflioners fhai| mee^ so that all Persons concerned may fee and examine the same.

Peraltyon taking

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Clerk or Serjeant of the said greater Fee *. Court for the Time bein^, shall take or demand any greater or other Fees or Rewards than what are herein

before mentioned, for their Service in the Execution of this Act, they (ha1-!, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay such Fine (not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings) as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall assess and impose, to be levied, if not immediately paid, % by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them; which Fine, when paid or levied, shall be applied to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed.

Clerk »ndSer-

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Clerk or Serjeant shall be Si'Uaccdfoi* *f any Misbehaviour, either by Neglect or Breach of Duty, or in taking greater Fees than before

kcLvi«ur.or mentioned, or otherwise, in the Execution of their respective Offices: that then, upon Complaint and due Proof thereof made upon Oath, in open Court, the said Commissioners then fitting, are hereby directed and required to cause the whole Number of Commissioners to be summoned, by an Advertisement to be inferred in some publick Newspaper, to meet at a convenient Time in One of their Court-houses; and the major *\..w. Part of the Commissioners then present, such Majority not being less than Eleven in Number, shall and may examine and consider the Merits of such Complaint; and if it shall appear to such Commissioners that the Clerk or Serjeant has or have been guilty of such Misbehaviour or Breach of Duty as aforesaid, in his or their Office, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, then assembled, to dismiss or remove such Clerk or Serjeant from his respective Office, and another shall be appointed in manner herein before directed.

ifo Commission-

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Commissioner of the said Court ers. Clerk, or for the Time being shall be Party to, or interested in, any Cause depending in the said Court, such Person vbtte^aterested not caPa^e of acting as Commissioner in the hearing and determining such Cause, or making any ‘ Order, Decree, or Judgement therein, but, after being heard in the said Cause, shall withdraw from the said Court until the same is finally determined; and if the Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court for the Time shall be a Party to, or interested in, any Cause depending in the said Court, such Clerk or Serjeant shall not exercise his Office in the said Cause, or in any Thing relating thereto, but the said Commissioners, or

any Three or more of them assembled at such Court, shall and may depute and appoint another Person to exercise the said Office of Clerk or Serjeant respectively, in all Things relative to such Cause.

Penalty on in-

XXIII. And for the better enforcing the Orders and Decrees from Time to Time by the said Commiifi-Iblting the Court, oners, and that the Commissioners and the Clerk and Officers of the said Court may be inverted with proper Power and Authority, and be free and exempt from Insult and Abuse; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall affront, insult, x>r abuse, all or any of the Commissioners, Clerk,' or Officers of the said Court for the Time being, during their Sitting in the said Court, or ingoing to or returning from the same; or shall interrupt the Proceedings of the said Court; or at any Time shall w affront, insult, or abuse, hinder or obstruct, or attempt or threaten to hinder or obstruct, the Clerk or Serjeant in the lawful Execution of their respective Offices; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, then fitting, or if not then fitting, at the next Court to be held in the same Parish where such Insultor Misdemeanor shall be committed, to cause a Warrant to be issued by the Clerk of the said Court, or his Deputy, directing such Serjeant to apprehend and take, or cause such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid to be apprehended and taken before some Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County Palatine; and u pon the Fast alledged being proved by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and directed to punish such Per-t less than 55. son or Persons so offending as aforesaid, byFine not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, nor less than Five Shillings, which shall be immediately paid into the Hands of the said Justice or Justices before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, and be paid and applied in like Manner as the Fines herein before mentioned are directed to be applied; and if the said Offender or Offenders shall not pay the said Fine in Manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice or Justices, and he and they is and are hereby required by Warrant under his and their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, or to commit such Person or Persons, so offending as aforesaid, to some Common Gaol or House of Correction in the said County Palatine, there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding Three Months, or until he, she, or they, shall pay the said Fine. Clausetobeftuck

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the up in the Court, said Court shall fix or cause to be fixed, or stuck up in some public Part of each of the said Court-houses, or other Places where the said Commissioners shall meet, a true Copy of the last preceding Clause of this Act, to the End that no Person or Persons shall or may plead Ignorance thereof. '

Gaol-keepers to

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Keepers for the Time take into custody being of the respective Common Gaols, or Houses of C orrection within the said County Palatine, shall and may* and they are hereby required and commanded, to receive and take into their Custody respectively, all y J 9 and

to be levied by Distress.

A.D.

1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. G.

and every Person and Persons who shall be committed or ordered to Hand committed, by any Three or more of the said Commissioners present in Court, or by virtue of any Warrant, Attachment, Execution, or other Process issuing out of the said Court of Requests; and in case the Keepers of the said GaoJs, or Houses of'

Correction respectively, or either of them, shall neglect or refuse to receive and take into his or dieir Custody, any Person or Persons committed by virtue of this Act, or, before the Expiration of the Time for whkh any Person or Persons shall be so committed to his or their Custody, shall discharge such Person or Persons, 0Cut order! or wilfully permit and suffer such Person or Persons to go at Large, without a Warrant, Order, or Authority for that Purpose, in Writing, signed in Court by Three or more of the said Commissioners; every Keeper offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being thereof convicted before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County Palatine, upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible witnessor Witnesses, or on his or their own Confession, mall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any under Penalty of Sum not exceeding Tive Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices: 4°

And such Sum shall be immediately paid by the Person or Persons so offending, into the Hands of the Justice or Justices before whom he*or they shall see convicted, or, in Default thereof, shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices; and which Sum, when paid or levied, shall be applied in like Manner as the Fines herein before mentioned are diiefted to fee paid and applied.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit for any Debt not Judgment dth$ amounting to the Sum of Forty Shillings, and reenterable by virtue of this Act in the said Court of Requests, £#urt to

shall be brought against any Person or Persons residing or inhabiting within the Jurisdiction thereof, 111 any n

of the King’s Courts at Westminster^ or any other Courts whatsoever, or elsewhere, out of the said Court of Requests; and no Suit th;t shall be commenced in the said Court of Requests in pursuance of this Act, nor any Proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any superior Court, but the Judgments, Decrees, and Proceedings of the said Court, shall fee final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

XXVII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act: contained shall extend, or fee construed to extend. Not to r*t«?r,d t® to prevent any Person from suing for Small Debts in any other Court, where such Suit might have been in- fauli Debts, (lituted before the passing of this Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any Thing herein nor *> D<*bts for* contained, shall not extend tb any Debt for Rent upon any Lease or Contraft, where the Title of any Rent, &c. Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament can or may come in Question, or in or upon any oth( r real Contraft.; nor to any Debt that shall arise upon or by reason of any Cause concerning any Last Will or Testament, or Matrimony, or any Thing properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Courts; nor to any Dubt for Money won at or by means of any Horse- race, Cock-match, Wager, or any Kind of Gaming or Play; nor for any Forfeiture upon any Penal Statute or Bye-law; nor to any Debt whereof there hath rot been a Contraft, Acknowledgment, Undertaking, or Promise to pay, within Six Years before the taking out of the Summons for the fair.e, although such Debt shall not amount to Forty Shillings.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons mak- Penalty for Per-ing Oath or giving Evidence in any Cause or Matter whatsoever, depending in the said Court of Requeiis, iur>*

shall commit wilful and corrupt Perjury, and b* thereof duly convicted according to Law'; such Person or Persons shall incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties as any other Person or Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury is or are liable to, or shall be subject to, by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person residing wi;h;n :o*.Penalty rm either of the Parishes and Townships aforesaid, who shall be duly served with a Subpoena or Summons, to <1,!obr.v«,1o Sum-be issued out of the said Court of Requests, to give Evidence on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, shall mons* neglect or refuse to appear pursuant to such Subpoena or Summons, at the Time and Place therein mentioned; and due Proof shall be made of the Service of such Subpoena or Summons; and no Cause of Absence

be shewn or assigned to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners present at the Court to which such Person shall be, by such Subpoena or Summons, required to appear; and Oath shall be made before the said Commissioners, by the Party at whose Instance and on whose Behalf such Subpoena or Summons issued, that the Person served therewith was a material Witness for such Party; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or nfiore of thqm, assembled at such Court, to impose and lay a Fine, not exceeding Fifty Shillings, nor less than Five Shillings, to be levied (if not immediately paid on Demand) by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them; which tine, when paid or levied, shall be paid over to the Party at whose Instance such Subpoena or Summons issued.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Attorney at Law, or Solicitor, fWkge of At^ being served with the Process of the said Court of Requests, or appearing in the same Court, shall be allow- *c*

ed to plead or maintain any Priviledge against the Process, Authority, Jurisdiction, or Judgement thereof; *ac"tc ’ nor shall any such Attorney or Solicitor aforesaid, be admitted to appear in the f.iid Court of Requests, as T Attorney or Advocate on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, or be admitted to (peak in any Cause or Matter before the said Court, in which such Attorney or Solicitor is not himself a Party or Witness, under the Penalty of Five Pounds; to be recovered and applied as above mentioned, with respect to the Clerk and Officers of the said Court, in case of Misbehaviour or taking greater or other Fees than they are imiticJ ur.io by virtue of this Act as aforesaid; nor shall any such Attorney or Solicitor aft as a Commissioner in the said comm-.mo..rr. Court of Requests; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit fh..ll be brought ^'on3 or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Matter or Thingdone or to be done in pursuance of this

the Cause of

681

w wiiimtuLcu uk auj a cj vi i iui <111y 1 vi.4U.cj u 1 1 imi^uunv. ui iu lk >*iv. 1 n j>111 1 u. 11

Act, such Action or Suit shall be brought orpommeiiced within Six Calendar Months newt after 1

682 C. 21, 2 2. Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

of Action shall arifie, and not afterwards; and shall be laid in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and not General Issue. elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, may plead the General (due, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereon: And if the Plaintiff7 or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue such Action or Suit; or if upon a Verdict or Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may reco-treble Costs. ver Treble Costs, and have such Remedies for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants can or may have in any other Cases where Coffs are given by Law.

[Publick Act.]

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for better supplying the City, of Worcester, and the Liberties thereof, with Water; and for the better paving and lighting the said City j and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

[Preamble.]

Qualification of Commissionen.

WHEREAS the Proprietors of the Water-works for supplying the City of Worcester with Water from the River Severn, have for several Years pass suffered the said Water-works to fall into Decay, and the said City at present is not properly supplied with Water for the Use of the Inhabi- 4 tants thereof: And whereas the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, within the said City, are greatly obstructed, and subject to Annoyances: And whereas it would be of great Advantage to the said City,

and contribute to the Health of the Inhabitants, if the same was sufficiently supplied with Water,

and the Sewers and Drains kept properly cleansed and repaired, and the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, were properly lighted and paved, and all Incroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein were removed and prevented for the future: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it May be en- acted;’ and be it enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person that now resides, or hereafter shall refiJe within the said City of Worcester, and occupies a Messuage or Tenement, with its Appurtenances, of the annual Rent or Value of Ten Pounds, and shall also be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds above Reprizes, or possess’ed of, or intitled unto, a Person al Estate alone of the clear Value of Eight hundred Pounds, during the Time of such Residence only, shall be, and are hereby constituted and appointed Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution.

II. Provided always, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall take the Oath following before any Seven or more of the said Commissioners, who are hereby authorised and required to administer the same, before he takes upon himself to act in the Trusts and Authorities by this Act granted j ;.\vhich Oath shall be in the Words or to the Effect following, videlicet, v 9

Jhc Oath. 4 T j4B do swear, That I do reside within the City of Worcester, and am truly and bora fide in the Oc-4 X cupation of a Messuage or Tenement, with its Appurtenances, of the annual Rent or Value of Ten Pounds; and that I am in my own Right, or in the Right of my Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds above Reprizes, or possessed of or intitled unto a personal Estate alone, of the clear Value of Eight hundred Pounds.

Pirft Meeting of Commissioners.

fTvfo Commission»ers sufficient for Adjournment. In Default of a sufficient Number to act. Notice ro be g.ven of another i.*:eting.

No Act to be *a.

Jid unless at a Jviect ng.

Commissioners n t to act .1 ijite-

nM.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall meet at the Guildhall in the said City of Worcester, upon Tuesday the First Day of May, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, and proceed to the Execution of this Act; and adjourn themselves, from Time to Time, and afterwards meet there, or at any other Place within the said City, as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think most convenient, as often as it shall be neceflhry to meet to put this Act in Execution; and that Two Commissioners shall be sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only: And if it shall happen, that there shall not appear at any Meeting a sufficient Number of Commissioners to adjourn to any other Day, then, and as ofeen as such Case shall happen, the Clerk to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, though not assembled at a Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, shall by Notice in the Worcester Journal, or fotne other Newspaper circulated in the fad City, appoint the Commissioners to meet on the Day Fortnight from the Day such aft Meeting was to have been held; and all Matters and Things which Thai] be done and transacted at any Meeting which shall be held in pursuance of such Notice, shall be as valid and effectual as if the same had been done at any other Meeting held by virtue of this Act.

iv. r ~ - ~ " '

of this

before mentioned) of calling Meetings where Adjournments shall not have been made as aforesaid; and that no Person during the Time he shall have any Share or Interest in any Contra6l or beneficial Employment under this Act, or while any Appeal shall be depending wherein he shall be interested, shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act*

uunc at uiiiu ntiu \.>y viuut ui iun

T. Provided always, That no Commissioner shall be capable of acting in any Case in the Execution ns Act, unle fs at some publick Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act, (except only in the Case

D. led by

A.D. 1770. Anno decline Georgii III. c. 22. 683

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven Omorffioner* or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority to treat, contract, and agree, with the Proprietors r,»v conuyft ot* the said Water-works, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Purchase of the said Wa-

ter-works, and the Messuage or Tenement and Premises thereto adjoining, and all Engines, Pipes, for ,uj tic Privileges, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and now held by them, by virtue of a Lease there-^ity with Water, tofore granted by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of the said City for a Term of Five hundred Years; and also to treat and agree vvi:h the Owners and Occupiers of, and all other Perf ms, Bodies Politick or Corporate, intereded as well in the aforesaid Water-works and Premises, as also in any other Buildings, Gardens, Lands, and Premises, within the said City, or elsewhere, which shall by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at any General Meeting be thought necessary to be purchased in order to erect and make any new or additional Works, Engines, Reservcirs, Wateihouses, and Conduits, for receiving, keeping, and conveying Water from the River Severny into the several Parts of the said City, and to purchase and become seised and possessed of the same; and at all Times hereafter to break up the Soil, and lay Pipes through the several Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, of the said City, and to relay, repair, and amend the same, as often as there shall be Occasion; and to make Conduits, in such Parts of the said City for supplying the Poor with Water, as the Lid Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think most fit and convenient for that Purpose; and in case it shall bc ^d e»e& new thought necessary at any Time or Times hereafter by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of W4tei-wotk«. them, at any General Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, that new Water-works should be erected for supplying the said City with Water, at any other Place than where the present Works now stand, that then it inall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to erect and build, or cause to be erected and built, at any Place in or adjoining to the said River Severn., within or near to the said City, as they the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them* shall think lit, such new Water-works, Engines, and Reservoirs, as they shall judge proper and requisits for the supplying the said City with Water from the said River, hut so as not to affect the Navigation thereof; and also to contract and agree with Owners and Occupiers of, and all and every Person and Persons. Bodies Politick and Corporate, interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Place which shall be fixed upon for erecting the said new Water-works, or which shall lie between the new Water-works and any of the Streets in the said City, for Liberty to erect such new Water-works, and to lay Pipes therefrom in and through such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for conveying the Water from the said new Works to such Streets, and for repairing, relaying, and altering such Pipes, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require: And in cate any publick Highway or Waste Ground shall lie between such new Works and any of the Streets, of the said City, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, or their Servants, Workmen, or Agents, from Time to Time, as often as there shall be Occasion, to enter upon, and to dig and break up the Soil of any such publick Highway or Waste Ground, and lay Pipes in and through the lame, for conveying Water from such new Works to any Part of the said City, as often as there {nail be Occasion.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or Commissionerito their Servants, Agents, and Workmen, shall from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, repair repair the Pave-and amend the said Streets, Pavements, and Highways which shall be broken up or damaged by laying, Jne.mi mjurrd by placing, repairing, and amending the said Water-pipes, or by the bursting or falling to Decay of any Pipe aying ,pcs>

or Pipes, laid for the Purposes aforesaid, in as short a Time as reasonably may be.

VII. And be it enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Own* to Uy Landlord or Owner of any Messuages, Tenements, Buildings, ot Hereditaments within the said City, Branch-pipe*, for which the Tenants or Occupiers thereof are liable to be rated or assessed by virtue of this Act, and they are hereby required, upon Request in Writing under the Hand of any such Tenant or Occupier,

within One Calendar Month after such Request made, at his, her, and their Costs and Charges, to lay,

place, and repair Branch-pipes, of such Diameters as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of

them, shall direct or appoint, from some or One of the Main or Service-pipe or Pipes laid or to be

laid in any of the Streets, Lanes, Ways, or Passages of the said City, into a convenient or commodious

Place in the House, Habitation, Shed, or other Building of such Tenant or Occupier, and from Time

to Time to replace and keep the same in Repair as often as Occasion shall require; and to break up the

Pavements of the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages of the said City for that Purpose; every such Landlord

or Owner amending and making good such Pavements which he, she, or they shall at any Time so break

up, as fooii as conveniently maybe; and in case any such Landlord or Owner shall neglect or refuse to on thorNegl?,*,

lav, place, replace, or repair any such Branch-pipe or Pipes within the Time aforesaid, that then it shall Tenants to do u.e

and may be lawful to and for any Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of any such H’oufes, Ha- ,amc«

bitation-, or other Buildings, to lay, place, replace, or repair such Branch-pipe or Pipes in Manner

herein before directed; and such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, so laying, placing, or re- ani dedua the

lairing such Branch-pipe or Pipes, shall and may retain the Expence thereof out of hrs, her, or their Expence.

next Kent or Rents, and their respective Landlords are hereby required to allow the same.

VIII. Provided never!helcfs, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed or taken to extend to or proviO.

2 fie ft any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, that grant renewable Leases or ether Lerfes,

for any Term or Number of Years exceeding the Term of Twenty-one Years, where the full improved Rent is not referred and payable.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully p,rptvon Per-break the Door or Lock, or break, injure, or damage any Part of the Building of the said Water-works, fj-.s ir/win* or any Conduit, Reservoir, Water-house, or Engine to be erected and provided for the Purposes afore- Pipe;., &c. said, or wilfully cause the Water to run to Waste from any Conduit, Water-house, or Engine, or from

4S2 any

684 C. 22. Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770

any Rcfervoir to be provided as aforesaid, or shall cut, damage, break, or destroy any Part of the said Pipes laid under Ground; or otherwise made use of for the Purposes aforesaid, or any Part of any Building or Materials used or provided for the Purposes aforesaid; or shall cast into any of the Conduits, Water-houses, Reservoirs, Citterns, or Pipes provided or used for the Purposes aforesaid, any Filth, Dirt, Rubbish, or any other Thing whatsoever, or wash or cleanse any Cloaths therein, or any other Thing whatsoever, or make any Sink, Sewer, or Ditch, into any of the said Conduits, Water-houses, Refer-voirs, or Citterns; or shall in any other Manner disturb or spoil the Water in any of the said Conduits, Water-houses, Reservoirs, or Citterns; the Person or Persons offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being thereof convicted, either by his or her own Confession, or by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnessbs before any of the Justices of the Peace for the said City (which Oath such Justice is hereby authorised and required to administer) shall for every Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings.

Politick, X. ‘And whereas it may happen that some Persons, or Bodies Corporate, Politick, or Ecclesiastical, *c.io»poweicO-.o c Feoffees in Trutt, Femes-covert, or others, may be seised or possessed of, intitled to, or interested in

4‘c‘u* c some Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or some Part or Share thereof, which may be necessary to be pulled down or purchased, or which may be thought proper to be made use of for laying down Pipes for conveying of Water as aforesaid, and for maintaining and keeping the same in c Repair, for the Purposes of this Act, and may be willing to treat or agree for the abfjlute Purchase

thereof, or for any Loss or Damage they may anywise sustain by laying down and maintaining such Pipes

as aforesaid, but are incapable by Law so to do;’ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,.

That it shall and maybe lawful to and for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate, or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, or other Trustees whomsoever, and for all Femes-covert, and every Person or Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be necessary to be purchased or made use of for any of the Purposes aforesaid, to sell and convey all or any such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Estates, and Interests, or any Part thereof, or the Privilege of laying, maintaining, and keeping Pipes through the said Streets, or any Part thereof, to the said Commissioners, or to such Persons, and their Heirs for ever, as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall direct, in Trust for the Purposes in this Act; and that all Contrafts, Agreements, Sales and Conveyances, which shall be so made, shall, without any Fine or Fines, Recoveries, or other extraordinary Conveyances or Afluranees in the Law, be good, valid, and effectual; any Law, Statute, Usage or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and all such Persons are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

On IW11M to

XL. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Body Politick, Corporate, tr«r, jury to be or Ecclesiastical, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feme-covert, or other Person or Persons whatsoever interested in any Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall refuse to treat and agree for the Sale thereof, or for the Privilege of laying down any Pipes in and through the same, and of maintaining and keeping the same, or any Part thereof, in Repair; or by reason of Absence, or otherwise, shall be prevented from treating or agreeing; or {hill decline or refuse to fell, convey, and dispose of the same as aforesaid, or their respective Righ's, Titles, Claims, or Interests therein, or any Part thereof, unto the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Seven or more of them, shall nominate and appoint for those Purposes, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; or shall not produce or make out a clear Title to the Premises they are in Possession of, or to the Interest they claim* therein, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them; or if the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall not or cannot make a perfect and valid Agreement with, all or any Persons or Bodies Politick or Corporate interested in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments through which Water is to be brought from such new Water-works as aforesaid, for the Satisfaction to be made for laying such Pipes, and using, altering, and repairing the same from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, as Occasion shall require; then and in any of the Cases aforesaid it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the said City of Worcester, at some General (<uarter-session to be holden for the said City, or at some Adjournment thereof, and they are hereby impowered and required, upon Application to them made by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, to issue a Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff of the said City for summoning a Jury, who* is hereby authorised, directed, and required to impanel and return a competent Number of sufficLnt and <iifinterested Persons, qualified to serve on Juries, and not less than Twenty-four^ and out of such Persons so to be impanelled, summoned, and returned, a Jury of Twelve Persons shall be ballotted and drawn, in such Manner as Juries for the Trial of Issues in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster; and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges (but not challenge the Array of the Panel] against any of the said jurymen when they come to be sworn; and the said Justices, in Session as aforesaid, are hereby authorised and impowered, by Precept or Order from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to call before them all and every Person and Persons whatsoever who Diall be thought necessary to be examined as Witnesses, and to examine them on their Oaths touching the Premises; and the said Justices shall and may likewise authorise the said Jury to view the Place or Places, or Matters in Question, in such Manner as they shall direct \ ancf shall have Power to adjourn such Meeting from Day to Day, as Occafiom shall require; and such Jury, Witnesses, and Parties shall attend until all such Affairs for which they shall WhoaTe to en- be summoned shall be concluded; and the said Jury, upon their Oaths, shall inquire of the Value of such Wa^e3°th^ ^ou^es’ buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be necessary to be purchased, Valuebyvwhalor to tav* ^PC8 through the same for the Purposes of this Act, and of the Estate or Interest of every

Body

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 2 2* 685

Body Politick or Corporate, or Persons seised or possessed of or interested therein, or in any Part thereof 5 and shall assess the Sum or Sums to be paid to every such Body, Person or Persons, for the Purchase of such their Estate and Interest which shall be necessary to be so purchased, and what Satisfaction shall be allowed and given to every Person or Persons in respect to the Damage and Loss which he, she, or they may sustain by reason of entering upon, digging, or breaking up the Soil of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in order to lay Pipes for the Purpose of bringing Water from the present or new Works, Water-houses, Reservoirs, or Conduits, for supplying the said City with Water as aforesaid; and the Justices, in Session as aforesaid, shall and may give Judgement for such Sum or Sums of Money so to be afiefled; which said Verdict or Verdicts, and the said Judgement, Decree, and Determination thereon,

shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever against all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, claiming any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, Use, or Interest, in, to, or out of the same, either in roflefllon, Remainder, or Expectancy, as well Infants unborn, Lunaticks,

Ideots and Femes-covert, and Persons under any legal Incapacity of Disability, and all Ceftique Trusts, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, as against all other Persons whatsoever; and the said Verdicts, Judgments, and Decrees, and all other Proceedings of the said Justices and*

Juries as aforesaid, so to be made, given, and pronounced, as aforesaid, shall be fairly written or in-

crossed, and kept and entered among the Records of the said Quarter-session in the Town Clerk’s

Office of the said City; and the said Verdicts, Judgements, and Decrees, and all other such Proceedings, VeHia to be re*

shall be deemed and taken to be Records to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and the same, or corded.

Copies thereof, shall be deemed and taken to be good and sufficient Evidence in any Court of Law or equity whatsoever; and all Persons may have Recourse to the same gratis^ and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy, not exceeding Seventy-two Words, Two-pence, and so propOrtionably for any greater Number of Words.

XII. Provided always, That no Judgement shall be given as aforesaid, unless Eight Days Notice in 8 Day* Notice-i* Writing shall appear to have been given to the Person or Persons interested, or in case of any Body or w,lt,n*10 Bodies as aforesaid, to their Head Officer, declaring the Time and Place of the Meeting of the said Justices TCn*

and Jury, or left at his, her, or their last Place or Places of Abode, or with some Tenant or Occupier of the rremifes intended to be valued and afiefled as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed!On Payment^F

and awarded as aforesaid, the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be allefled and awarded shall make Purchase-moneyv and execute, or procure to be made and executed, good, valid, and legal Conveyances and Assurances in 1tobe

the Law of the said several Estates, Privileges, and Interests therein, so to be purchased as aforesaid, toconve*

the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as they, or any Seven or more of them, shall nominate and appoint, and their Heirs, in Trust for the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act; and shall procure all necessary Parties to execute such Conveyances, Assignments, and Assurances, and shall do all Acts, Matters, and Things requisite and necessary to make and perfect such Conveyances, Afligfiments, and Assurances, which shall contain such reasonable and usual Covenants as shall on the Part of the said Commissioners be required; and in case such Person or Persons to whom any such Sum or Sums shall be awarded as aforesaid, shall not be able to prove their Title to the Premises to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and to make or procure to be made good, valid, and legal Conveyances thereof* or shall refuse so to do, being thereunto required by the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, and such Sum or Sums so assessed and awarded being produced and tendered to be paid to them on their making such Title, and executing or procuring to be executed such Conveyances, Assignments, or Assurances as aforesaid; or in case such Person or Persons cannot be found within the said City, or if by reason of any Dispute depending in any Court of Law or Equity, or for Defeat of Evidence, or otherwise,' it shall not appear to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, what Person or Persons is and are intitled to the Premises; or if any Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall refuse to take in his, her, or their Mortgage-money due on the Premises, after Notice given to him, her, or them for that Purpose, as herein after is provided; then and in all and every such Case and cases, k shall and may be lawful to and Mortgjee«ref*f~ for the said Justices, at their Session as aforesaid, to order the Sum or Sums so assessed and awarded as afore- '"g to take the»r said, as the Value or Purchase-money for such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments* Mon* ^lhfC3' and as and for Satisfaction in respect of the Damage or Loss which he, she, or they may sustain.by laying \°0 7^/^ £uch Pipes, or otherwise in bringing Water from any new Water-works or Reservoirs as aforesaid, or Treafuici^c. which shall be due on such Mortgage or Mortgages, to be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Commissioners for the Use of the Parties interested in the Premises, to be apportioned and paid to them, and every of them, according to their respective Estates and Interests in the said Premises, as the said Justices in their said Session shall order and direct; and the said Treasurer and Rfcceipti to be

Treasurers is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, 8ivcn *n4 regis*

mentioning and specifying for what Premises, and for what Use, the same is or are received, to such Per- t€^ed,

(bn as shall pay such Sum or Sums into the said TreasurerV Hands *y which Receipt and Receipts shall be and Premiums entered on Record, and registered in such Place, and in such Manner, as such Verdicts, Judgements, and ?cfted ln Cern^ other Proceedings as aforesaid are required to be kept; and immediately on such Payment and Registry, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand; in Law or Equity, of the Person or Persons respectively to whose Use the same was paid, in, to, or out of such Houses, Buildings*

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall be diverted out of such Persons respectively, and the same shall from, henceforth vefl in the Commissioners for the Time being for putting this Act in Execution, and their Successors, for the Purposes of this Act;, and they shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Pof-(eflion thereof, to all Intents and Purposes, as fully and effectually as if every Person, having any Estate in the said Premises, had actually conveyed the same by Lease and Relcafe* Bargain and Sale inrolled,

Feoffment

<686 C. 22.

Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

the Person* inti tied.

Feoffment with Livery and Seisin, Fine and Recovery, or any other legal Conveyance whatsoever; and such Payment shall not only bar all Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand of the Person or Persons to whose Use such Payment was made, but shall also extend to and be deemed and construed to bar the -clcarof Duwer. Dower and DowerB, Frec-bench and Free-benches, of the Wife or Wives of such Person or Persons, and all Estates Tail in Reversion or Remainder, against the Issue and Issues of such Person and Persons, and all Persons claiming under them, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

OnA lidatf*nof

XIV. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any

Persons inte'rest- Seven or more of them, after such Payment into the Hands of the said Treasurer and Registry as aforesaid, ed, purchase-mo-to Place out and invert, and they mall, on Application of any such Person or Persons interested in any «cy to be placed Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, or in the Monies so paid ut at interest, to the Treasurer for the purchase thereof, or in respect of any Right or Interest therein, place out and in-. vest, or cause to be placed out and invested, such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, in feme of the publick Funds, or on Government Securities, at Interest, in the Name of any Person or Persons authorised and appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, for that Purpose, in and transferred to Trust to transfer and assign the same to such Person or Persons to whom the Money so paid shall belong, on their executing proper Conveyances as aforesaid; and in the mean Time, in Trust to pay the Intend and Dividends arising therefrom to such Person or Persons who shall be, from Time to Time, intitled to receive the same.

Mesne Profit*

XV. Provided also, That all and every Person and Persons who would be intitled to recover the mdhe how to be rcco- Protits of the Premises, against the Person or Persons in Possession, in case the same had not been con-

vered. veyed to the said Commissioners, or by their Directions as aforesaid, shall be intitled to recover the Su n

x>r Sums to arise from such Interest and Dividends aforesaid by Action of Debt against the Person or Persons who shall receive the same; and the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby impowered and authorised, to make such Order as aforesaid on the said Treasurer or Treasurers, for tive Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, as shall be necessary, in order that the same may be vested in the Funds or, Government Securities; and the said Commissioners shall be quieted

in the Possession of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for which such Mo-

ney shall be paid as aforesaid, and shall not be answerable or accountable in any Court of Law or Equity for the Money to be so deposited and placed out as aforesaid, any otherwise than according to the true Meaning of this Act.

Tmem^rTcn

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Mortgagee or Mortgagees <3//of Thef/Mo-" any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be purchased in pursuance

ey, to convey, of this Act, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, on having Six Months Notice, in Writing, given to him, her, or them from the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, or any Person authorised by them, that they will pay off and discharge the Principal and Interest Money which, at the Expiration of the said Six Months, shall be due on such Mortgage, shall, at the End of the said Six Months after every such Notice, on Payment or Tender of the Principal and Interest Money which shall be then due, convey his, her, and their Estates and Interests in and to the said mortgaged Premises to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as thp said Com in issioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall nominate or appoint, in Trust for the said Commissioners for the Uses and Purposes of this Act; and if any such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall refuse so to do, then all Interest on every such Mortgage, from M v, Expiration of the said Six Months after any such Notice given as aforesaid, shall ccafe and determine.

Notice Tenant

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners, cr

©rOccupiertode Person authorised determined by them, or any Seven or more of them, shall give Six Months Notice, in Writ-lirer Poiidiion. ’ing, to the Tenant or Occupier of any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, to quit and deliver up the Possession thereof, at the Expiration of Six Months; then all and every such Tenants and Occupiers shall, at the End of every Six Months after every such Notice, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the Premises so by him, her, or them respectively occupied, whether upon Lease or otherwise, to the Person or Persons who shall be appointed by the said OnRefufal, She- Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to take Possession thereof; And if any Person or Persons, *Ver *n shall refuse to give up such Possession at the Expiration of Six Months after such No-

tice as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices, at Session as aforesaid, from Time to Time, to issue a Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff of the City of iycrccjtcry to cause Poffflion thereof to be delivered to such Person or Persons who shall be in such Precept or Precepts nominated to receive the same, to the Use of the said Commissioners; and the Sheriff of the said City is hereby required to deliver up Possession of the Premises therein mentioned, according to such Precept or Precepts, and to levy such Coils as shall accrue by means of the lifting and Execution of every f uch Precept or Precepts, by D ill refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Person or Persons who shall have refused to give up PoflVflion as aforesaid, and shall neglect or refuse to pay the same Colls; and the Costs, when received, shall be paid over to the said Commissioners, or as they, or any Seven or more of them, shall order ' and direct.

penalty on She-

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the not' doin'Their" Justices, in Session as aforesaid, from Time to Time, to impose any reasonable Fine, not exceeding

Duty.0,n* the bum Em Pounds, on any Sheriff or Sheriffs, or their Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents respectively, who shall make any Default in the Premises; and on any Person who, after being duly summoned and returned on such Jury or Juries, shall not appear; and also on any Witnessos, who, on due Summons, shall not attend/ or, attending, shall refuse to be sworn, or who, being f.vorn, shall refuse to give Evidence; and on any Persons summoned and returned on such Jury or Junes who shall refuse to

be

On Six

A.D. 1770. Aftrto decimo Georgii III. c. 22. 687

be (worn, or on any such Jury or Juries, as beingsworn thereon, shall not give his or their Verdict, or shall in any otherwise wilfully neglect his or their Duty; and, from Time to Time, to levy such Fine or Fines, by Order of the said Justices irt Session as aforesaid, as the Case may require, by Distress and ‘ Sale of the Offender's Goods, together with the jeasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus, if any, to the Owner; and all such Fines, which shall be recovered and received, shall be accounted for and applied towards the Purposes of this Act.

XIX. ‘And whereas, by reason of the Purchases which the said Commissioners are hereby impowered Commissioners to make by virtue of this Act, they may happen to be seised or possessed of some Piece or Pieces Gf ,mr, owered to Jel1 c Ground, Engine, Pipes, or Materials, over and above what may be necessary for the Purposes of this ®v"?Iu»Ground> € Ad;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, again to sell and dispose of any Part of the Ground, Engine, Pipes, or Materials which shall be so purchased, either together or in Parcels, as they shall find most advantageous and convenient to dispose of, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the same, giving Preference to the Person or Persons of whom the same shall have been purchased.

XX. Provided always, That the Monies to arise by Sale of such Piece or Pieces of Ground, or any Application *f

Building, Engine, Pipes, or Materials, fh:dl be applied for the respective Purposes of this Add, and to or the Money, for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XXI. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the present or any future Water- Water-work*, works, Reservoirs, Water^houses, or other Premifts occupied or to be occupied and 11 fed as Part of such exempted Works, shall not be rated or a defied for or towards the Land-tax, Church or Poors Rate, or any otherfrom Rates, Taxes, or Payments, Ward or Parochial whatsoever.

XXII. ‘ And whereas the several Parishes within the said City of Worcester are not at present provided parishes to*p«r- with a sufficient Number of Lamps for lighting the same,’ be it therefore further enacted by the Autho- chafe Lamps, rity aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor

of the several Parishes within the said City (the Parish of Saint Clejnent excepted), and their Successors, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby authorised and required, to contract wi:h any Person or Persons for such a Number of additional Lamps to be set up in each of the said Parishes (except as aforesaid), and for Lamp-irons, Posts, and other necttVary Materials and Utensils, and of such Sorts as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at any General Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, shall, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, dire# and appoint; and from and after such Contrails Lamps verted ta and Purchases made as aforesaid, all the said additional Lamps, Lamp-irons, Posts, and other Materials ^omrajffioner* and Utensils whatsoever, and also all and every the other Lamps now belonging to the several Parishes within the said City, and all the Lamp-irons, Posts, and other Things belonging and affixed thereto, shall be and are hereby vested in the Commissioners.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any and’to J*reP|,at* Seven or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, to direct and appointed Jrthcra*

in what Parts of the said several Parishes the said Lamps shall be set up or continued, and to what Houses,

Buildings, or other Places in the said City they shall be affixed; and also direct and appoint the Number and Sort of Lamps, and for how long Time the same shall continue lighted; and, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, to cause the same to be set up, replaced, lighted, Supported, repaired* t and provided with all Requisites; and also shall and may, from Time to Time, make such other Orders,

Rules, and Regulations, as shall be agreeable to the Directions of this Act, and from Time to Time vary, alter, revoke, or make void any of their Orders, Rules, and Regulations, at their Discretion, and do such other Things as to them shall appear necessary and expedient for putting this Act in Execution.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and Inhabitants may for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the several Parishes within the said City, or the.*®

major Part of them for the Time being, to make Assessments upon the Inhabitants of their respective Parishes, for raisine such Sums of Money as shall be wanting for purchasingjjf additional Lamps, Lamp-irons, Posts, and other Materials as aforesaid, in such and the same Manner as Aftefiments are usually made for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parishes; and the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, and all and every Justice and Justices of the Peace of and for the said City, are hereby inverted with such and the like Powers and Remedies for enforcing the aliening, col letting, levying, and receiving, of the Monies specified in such Assessments, as are given to them in and by an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, inti.uled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor; or in and by any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force relative to the Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom; and in case the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor shall refuse or neglect to make such Assessments, or to collttt the Monies thereby rated and act’efied, or otherwise be remiss in their Duty in the Prcrniies; every Person and Persons so offending, shall, for every such Offence, incur and forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds to the Commissioners herein before appointed, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XXV. Provided nevertheless, That no Person shall be liable to be rated or pay to such Assessments, hut nor without

for or in respect of any Messuages, Lands, or Tenements that are fuuated without the Liberties of the ft*.c L,t*rncs of said City of mrctjitr. Wo,«a«.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissionrs, or any One Penalty on da-or more of them, is and are hereby authoriscu and impowered, in his or their N;.me or Names, to bring Actions and prosecute Indittmuits against any Person or Persons for Healing, taking, or carrying away, 'V1 u breaking, extinguishing, fpoding, or damaging any Lamp or Lamps, or the furniture or Materials thereto belonging, which now are or hereafter shall be, by vinue of tftis Act, set up or affixed in any of the

1 Parishes,

688 C. 2 2.

Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

4* carckf.ly j

be levied by Dill refs.

Parishes within the said City; and all and every Person or Persons who shall wilfully or maliciously break, throw down, take away, extinguish, damage, or spoil any Lamp or Lamps put up or continued by virtue of this A<Sl, or wilfully damage the rofts, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, or wilfully hinder or obstruct any of the Commissioners or Officers employed in any Manner in the Execution of this Act in their Duty, every Person or Persons offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall, upon being convicted thereof, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or his, her, or their own Confession, before any Justice of the Peace for the said City of Worcester (which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward} shall forfeit for the First Offence the Sum of Twenty Shillings, for the Second Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings, and for the Third and every other Offence the Sum of Three Pounds; One Half whereof mail go to the Informer, and the other Half to the said Commissioners, to be disposed of as the other Forfeitures are hereby directed to be applied; and in case any Person or Persons shall carelessly, negligently, or accidently break, or otherwise damage any of the ‘Lamps so put up as aforesaid, or the Lamp-irons, Ports, or other Furniture thereof, and shall not immediately, upon Demand, make Satisfaction for the Damage done thereto; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any One or more Justice or Justices of the City, County, or Place where such Person or Persons shall be or reside, upon Proof thereof by Oath as aforesaid (which 03th such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward) of One or more Witness or Witnertls, or by the Confession of the Party, to award such Sum or Sums of Money by way of Satisfaction for such Damage, as such Justice or Justices shall think reasonable; and, in case of Refusal or Neglect to pay any of the Sums of Money so awarded, within Six Days after demand, to cause the same, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who shall i\> have done such Damage; rendering to him, her, or them the Overplus (if any there shall be) after deducing the Costs and Charges of such Warrant, and of such Distress and Sale, when demanded, bin'din *°

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Contrails entered into by the in ing. said Commissioners with any Workmen, or any other Person or Persons, for any of the Purposes of this w^ntain«dambC shall binding upon such Workmen or other Person or Persons making the same; and that Actions One anc^ Suits in the Name or Names of any One or more of the said Commissioners, or of their Clerk or Commissioner, tr Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers for the ime being, shall and may be maintained thereon, and Damages of Clerk or Trca- and Costs recovered against the Parties failing in the Execution thereof; and that the Sum of Money re-

quisite for fulfilling the said Contrails, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, shall be the

Measure of the Damages to be recovered in any Ailion against such Contrailor or Contractors as aforesaid, making Default in fulfilling his said Contrail; any Law or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and all such Damages and Costs as shall be so recovered, shall be applied to the Uies and Purposes of this Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Occupiers of all Houses, Buildings, Gardens, and Hereditaments, which do or shall adjoin to any Street, Lane, or Place within the said City, shall at his, her, and their Costs and Charges respectively from Time to Time, within Ten Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose by the Surveyor to be appointed by virtue of this Act, cause the Ground before such Houses, Buildings, Gardens, or Hereditaments, as far as the Gutters or Channels in the said Streets, Lanes, or Places, to be raised or lowered, and well and suffici-

cntly pitched and paved; and all the said Gutters or Channels to be turned and altered, and the Grates,

already placed or hereafter to be placed over any Sewers, Drains, Watercourses, or Ditches, to be taken up, removed, altered, or replaced; and all Sewers, Drains, Watercourses, and Ditches to be opened, cleansed, repaired, and scoured, which belong to the aforesaid Houses, Buildings, Gardens, and Hereditaments, and which ought of Right to be done by the Occupiers or Owners thereof respectively; and the same, and the several other Works to be done as herein after mentioned, shall be done in such Manner, and in such Form as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and also the Occupiers of all Gardens or Lands into or through which any Common Sewers, Drains, Watercourses, or Ditches extend, within the said City or the Liberties thereof, shall, from Time to Time, within Ten Days next after Notice for that Purpose given by the said Surveyor, cause such Common Sewers, Drains, Watercourses, or Ditches to be cleansed and scoured, and all Floodgates or Stanks made or to be made therein to be taken up and removed at the Costs and Charges of such Occupiers respectively; and likewise every Occupier of any House or other Building within any Street, Lane, or Place, within the said City, shall take down, alter, and remove all Ports, Steps, Bulks, Windows, Shew-boards, Shew-glasses, or other Projections which do or shall encroach on the Foot-way in any Street, Lane^ or Place aforesaid; and also take away, alter, and remove all Doors opening in, or leaning from the said Foot-ways into any Cellar or Vault, and all Signs, Sign-posts, Sign-irons, Poles, Pent-houses, Boards, or other Annoyances whatsoever, which shall be fixed to or against any House or other Building, or which shall be hung from any such House or other Building, within the Space of Ten Days next after Notice in Writing given by the said Surveyor for taking down, altering, or removing all such Annoyances as aforesaid; and cause all such Signs and Sign-boards to be fixed and placed close to the Wall or on the Front of the Houses or other Buildings to which they respectively belong, at the Costs and Charges of the Occupiers of such Houses or Buildings, and all Occupiers of the aforesaid Houses, Buildings, Gardens, Lands, and Hereditaments, are hereby authorised to deduct the Expences attending the several and respective Works aforesaid, out of his, her, or their Rent or Rents; and the Owners or Landlords of all such Houses, Buildings, Tenements, Gardens, Lands, and Hereditaments, are hereby required to allow the same ac-

<Chuse fer paving the Streets and

removing Obstructions.

Cuidingly.

XXIX. Provid-

A.D.

1770.

Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 22. 689

XXIX. Provided always, That in case any such Occupier as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to do and On Nonpayment perform all or any of the several Works aforesaid, within the Time and in the Manner before directed; lcv:cd by that then and in all or any of the Cases aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commis- 1 res# sioners, or any Seven or more of them, to cause the several Works aforesaid, or any of them, to be

cone in such Manner and P'orm as they shall think fit to order and direct, and the Charges and Expen-ecs attending the same to be paid by such Occupiers as aforesaid, who ought to do and perform the said Works according to the Directions of this Act; and in case any such Occupiers shall refuse or neglect to pay all such Charges and Expences for the Space of Fourteen Days after such Charges and Expences shall be demanded of him or her by the said Surveyor, or some other Officer belonging to the said Commissioners, that then it shall and may be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace for the said City, upon Complaint made to him by such Surveyor or other Officer, to cause all such Charges and Expences to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Occupier so neglecting or refuting as afere-said, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Occupier whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall at any Window#; &c. Time or Times hereafter make, erect, or build, or cause to be made, erected, or built, any Window in m t to

any Part of the Front of any Messuage, Tenement, or Building within the said City of Worcester, which ,nt0 Streets rshall project into or over any Part of any Street, Lane, Way, or Passage within the said City; and if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times hereafter prelume so to do, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at any General Meeting, by Older in Writing, under their Hands, to direct and require the same to be taken down and removed within One Calendar Month from the Date thereof; and in case the Person or Persons making or causing to be made such Window as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect: to take down the same within the Time before limited for that Purpose, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more* of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, to take down and remove the same; and the Charges and Expences thereof shall be paid by the Person or Persons making such Window or Windows; and the same shall and may be recovered in the same Manner as any of the Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred for Offences against this Act, are directed to be recovered.

XXXI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing herein contained shall exempt the Persons liaMe t®

Corporation of the City of Worcester, or the Commissioners of the Turnpike Roads, from repairing such R^ r oi w.,r-Parts of the Streets in the said City as they have usually repaired, and were liable to keep in Repair, be- cester Srr*‘tl» 10 fore the passing of this Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Spouts and Gutters belonging Spmjts and Cutm m, and which convey Water from the Tops of any Houses, Warehouses, Shops, Sheds, or other Build- ters to be made ings directly into the Streets, Lanes, Ways, or publick Places within the said City, shall, within Nine and regalatad. Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, be removed, and the Water conveyed by Pines or

Spouts, to be brought down by the Sides or Fronts of such Houses, Warehouses, Shops, or other Building*?, to the Ground, or into some Sewer, Cistern, or Reservoir under Ground, at the Costs and Charges of the respective Owners or Proprietors thereof; and in case the same shall not be done within the Time aforesaid, the Occupier of every such House, Warehouse, Shop, or Building, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One Shilling for every Week until the same shall be done in Manner before directed; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Tenant or Tenants of any such Houses, Warehouses, Shops, or other Buildings as aforesaid, and they are hereby required (in case of Neglect or Refusal by the respective Owners or Proprietors thereof) to alter such Spouts and Gutters in Manner herein before directed, and such Tenant or Tenants, so altering such Spouts or Gutters, shall and may retain the Expence thereof out of his, her, or their next Rent or Rents, and their respective Landlords are hereby required to allow the same; and that if any Person or Persons shall hereafter erect or cause to be erected any Spout or Gutter for conveying Water from any old or new House, Warehouse, Shop, or other Building in any Manner contrary to the Directions and the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One Shilling for every Week such Spout or Gutter mail remain-

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Names of Street* Seven or more of them, shall and may order and direct the Houses within the said City to be numbered to bc marked, with Figures placed or painted on the Doors thereof, or in such other Part as the said Commissioners, Or*c^ou,c'nuxa* any Seven or more of them, shall think proper; and may likewise order and direct to be painted, or other-

wife described, on a conspicuous Part of some House or other Building at or near the End or Corner of each Street, Lane, Passage, or Place, the Name of such Street, Lane, Passage, or Place; and every Person who shall wilfully or maliciously destroy, injure, obliterate, or deface any such Number, figure.

Name, or Description, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, shall, for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Five Shillings.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Pei fun? shall uT^entAn. set out or lay, or cause, procure, permit, or suffer to be set cut or laid any Timber, Boards, Bricks, noy*new.

Tubs, Hogsheads, Barrels, Furnaces, Stalls, Benches, Gratis, Pens, or any other Annoyance, or any Waggon, Dray, Cart, or other Carriages (for any longer Time than shall be reasonable for the loading

or unloading the same); or if any Person or Persons shall build, place, or suffer to continue any Steps leading into any Cellar or Vault, or thrower lay any Dung, Allies, or any other Thing whatsoever, which shall occasion any Annoyance, Nuisance, or Obstruction whatsoever, in any of the said Streets,

Lanes, Ways, or Passages within the said City, (except as before excepted; and also except such Stalls*

Benches, Grates, or Pens, or other Conveniences, which ill all or may be used during the limes only which any publick Fairs or Markets within the said City shall continue; and also except inch ccaToldings

690 C. 22.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

A.D.

1770.

or other Erections, Bricks, Lime, or other Material, as shall be re affably necessary for the building and repairing Houses and other Works; and except such Rubbish as shall be necessarily occasioned by such Buildings or Repairs; and except such Allies, Manure, or Dung, that shall be brought out of any Mixen, in order to empty the same; so as such Scaffoldings, Erections, Brick, Lime, Materials, Rubbish, Ashes, Manure*, or Dung, be set up and continued with as little Annoyance and Inconvenience to Passengers and Carriages as may be, and be continued fio longer than shall be reasonable and necessary) it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, either at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, or at any Meeting to be held upon Complaint made of any such ^Annoyance, Nuisance, or Obstruction, to cause the same to be altered or regulated, removed, taken, and carried away, and deposited in such Place or Places as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall airedl and appoint; thereto remain, until the Person who shall have occasioned any such Annoyance, Nuisance* or Obstruction, shall have paid and discharged all Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the carrying away and depositing the same as aforesaid, as also the Sum of Ten Shillings for such Offence.

How Carts Hull

XXXV. And be further enacted, That when any Cart, Water-cart, Sledge, or Dray shall be drawn ^Drivers"1 by ^n.any Street, Lane, Way, or Place within the City of Worcester, and the Suburbs thereof, the Person

rver5# driving or having the Care of each such Cart, Water-cart, Sledge, or Dray, shall guide the Shaft or

Th 11-horse by a Cord, Rein, or Halter, not exceeding One Yard and an Half in Length, on pain of forfeiting, for every Neglect or Omission so to do, the hum of Two Shillings and Sixpence; and it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever who shall fee any Person adding contrary to the Directions before mentioned, to seize the Offender, and also for any other Person or Persons to be aflilting the rein, and by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey him or them before

some Justice of the Peace for the said City, or to deliver him or them into the Custody of a Peace Offt-

cer, in order to be conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the said City; and the Party or Parties accused being brought before such Justice, he may proceed to examine any Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, who shall appear to be produced to give Evidence touching such Offence (which Oath such Justice is hereby authorised and required to administer); and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of the Offence, either by his or their Confession, or by the Evidence of such Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid, the Party so convicted shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence.

U.oadth of the

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Cart or Tub hereafter to be >triitcs of Carts kept or used for carrying Goods, Coals, or other Things for Hire, within the said City, shall have Wheels and Tubs. made with Fellies Six Inches Broad at the least, and of a flat even Surface in every Part of such Fellies;

and the Owner or Driver of any such Cart or Tub, not having such Fellies as aforesaid, shall, for evary Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings.

AfTHTorsto make

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any AtictfBu'nts*. Seven or more of them, are hereby impowered and required yearly and every Year, as often 2s there shall be Occasion, under their Hands, to nominate and appoint Two or more Inhabitants or Residenrs, within every Parish of the said City, to be Assessors of the Money by this Act directed to be raised (Commissioners for executing this Act not excepted); and the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall Once in every Year, or oftner, if there shall be Occasion, fix and ascertain, and as soon after as may be, issue an Order under their Hands to the Assessors for the Time being, directing how much in the Pound shall be raised by an equal Pound Rate upon all Messuag.’s, Tenements, Buildings, and Hereditaments, within the said City (except as herein after is excepted) the same not to exceed One Shilling in the Pound per Annum; which several and respective Sums the said Assessors are hereby required, 'from Time to Time, to rate and charge upon the Tenants and Occupiers thereof; and all such Tenants and Occupiers are hereby made liable to pay the said Rate so directed to be raised as aforesaid, and every Part thereof, according to the true annual Rent or Value of their respective Messuages, Tenements, Buildings, and Hereditaments, lying and being within the said City, mty be

XXXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Rates and Assessments amended* which shall be made as aforesaid, shall be allowed and signed by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, who have hereby Power to amend any such Rate or Assessment, by inserting, or causing to be inferred, the Name or Names of any Person or Persons who shall have been omitted to be inferred in any such Rate or Assessment, and who ought to have been rated; or by taking out the Name of any Person or Persons whose Name or Names shall have been inserted in any such Rate or Assessment, and who ought not to be rated 5 or by varying, altering, raisinjj, or lowering the several and respective Sum and Sums of Money which shall be charged, rated, or assessed, on such Rate or Assessment upon any Person or Persons whomsoever; and the said Assessors are hereby required to rate and assess the Person or Persons whole Name or Names shall be inserted in such Rate or Assessment by the said Commissioners, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and all such Assessors shall appear and bring with them, ;t the Time and Place to be mentioned in the Order of the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, as aforesaid, Two Copies or Duplicates of such Rates or Assessments, fairly written and fub (bribed by them, which shall be delivered to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and be fuKjcdl and liable to the like Alterations by the Commissioners as aforesaid; and the said Assessors lhil!, from Time to Time, upon Three Days Notice in Writing given to them by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, or by their Clerk for the Time being, attend upon the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at any of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, or at any other _ Time or Times as there shall be Occasion, then and there to explain, amend, or justify their Affeflmems; and after the said Ra.es or Assessments are so made and confirmed, the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may cause the said Races or Assessmjnts to be. collected and received as

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 22. 691

soon as may be from the Person or Persons so rated and assessed 5 and shall and may yearly and every Year, Collett^ to and as often as there shall be Occasion, under their Hands, nominate and appoint the said Assellors, or aPP01iUe any One or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, Resident or Residents, of every Parish within the said City, or any other Person or Person?, as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall appoint, to be Collector and Collectors of the said Rates and Assessments; and shall and may, from Time to Time,

- as soon as may be after such Rates and Assessments shall be made and brought in, iline their Order un- t

der their Hands to the said Collector or Collectors for the Time being, requiring him or them jointly and leva ally to collect and receive, within Fourteen Days from the Date thereof, or sooner if it can be done, the respective Sums of Money expressed and contained in such Rates or Assessments; Duplicates of which Rates or Assessments, under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall be delivered, together with the said Order, to such Collectors respectively; and such AflWtors and Collectors, to whom any Order or Orders from the said Commissioners shall, from Time to Time, be directed, shall obey and execute the same in all Respects whatsoever; and the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may, from Time to Time, as they fee Occasion, remove any A lie (Tors or Collectors, and appoint any others, being Inhabitants or Residents as aforesaid, in their Stead; and in case any Person or Persons so rated and assessed or charged as aforesaid, shall refuievor neglect to Hn*

£ay any such Kate or Assessment to the Collector or Collectors for the Space of T hree Days after personall0bc r*comed« )emand thereof made, or Demand in Writing left at the last Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, i: shall and may be lawful to and for One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City of IP'orcester^ upon Oath (which Oath he or they are hereby impowered and required to adminster without Fee or Reward) of such Demand and Nonpayment, by Warrant undejr his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, which he or they are hereby impowered and required to grant, to authorise and direct the said Collectors to levy such Rates or Monies so in Arrear, together with the Cults and Charges attending the same, to be ascertained by such Justice or Justices, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Person and rerlons so in Arrear, and refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Party or Parties so distrained upon, or leaving the same for hb, her, or their Use, at the Place where such Distress shall be made; and the said Collectors shall and ColteRors to pty are hereby required to pay the Money so collected and received by virtue of this Ac>, within Fourteen^T^iWct!0 Days after the Time herein before directed for collecting the same, to the Treasurer or Treasurers acting under the said Commissioners; or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Seven or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same, to be applied for the Uses and Put poles of this ACfc; and shall and hereby is and are required, at the Time of making every such Payment, to deliver to the Person or Persons impowered to receive the same, a true and exact Copy or Duplicate of the Rate or A fie Anient whereby the same was collected, together with an Account thereof, and also of all and every Sum and Sums of Money rated and assessed in such Rate or Asscffment, as remains uncollected, (if any shall be) together with the Reasons why the same hath not been collected, to the End that it may appear whether the Nonpayment hath happened through the Insolvency of the Party rated, or through the Default of the Collector or Collectors; and in case any Aficflor or Assessors, Collector or Collector?, shall refute and ne- P.nable* on re-gleet to take upon him or them respectively the said Offices, or duly to execute the same according to [° execute the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Assess’or or A lie (Tors, Collector or Collectors, shallth*r(>lfiCr|1C5. forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, and shall continue liable to be again appointed to the said Offi-or u ice* ces respectively the Year following, or sooner, if the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them so assembled, shalf think fit; and in case of his or their Refusal or Neglect afterwards to take upon him or them respectively the said Offices, or duly to execute the same, he or they so refilling or neglecting,

shall be again liable to the like Penalty, and in like Manner, as often as he or they shall refuse or neglect to take upon him or them the said Offices.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person Prrhn* trsm-v-shall think himself or herself aggrieved, by any Rate or Assessment made in pursuance of this Act, it shall tr>*y and may be lawful for such Person, first giving Seven Days Notice to any of the Collectors of the said Gcnc:ui Rates or Assessments, to appeal to the said Commissioners, at the next General Meeting to be held after Notice given of such Appeal; and the said Commissioners, at such Meeting, are hereby authorised and impowered to hear and determine the causes and Matters of any such Appeal in a summary Way, and make such Orders therein as they shall think reasonable; and all Appeals once heard and determined,

shall be final, without any further Appeal upon any Pretence whatsoever.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Appeal shall be heard and finally determined, Ihw Appears unlets thcie ffnll be present at the Meeting for hearing and finally determing such Appeal, a greatert0 Number of Commissioners than the Number who allowed and signed the Rate or Assessment then appealed a gain ft; and that no Appeal shall, in any Case, be commenced after Three Months from the Time of aTowing and signing any Rate or Assessment by the 1’aid Commissioners as aforesaid.

XLI. And be it (urther enabled, That in all Cales where the Voices of the Commissioners, present at CaAin^ Voice. ans Meeting, shall happen to be equal, the Chairman shall have the calling Voice.

XLII. Provided always, That no Person shall be rated, or pay to the Rates or A lie Aments which shall Exemption' fom be made by virtue of this Act, upon account of any House, Warehouse, Building, Tenement, or He-bent* reditament, that hath no Part thereof situated upwards of T hirty Yards from any Main Pipe laid or to be laid for supplying the said City with Water; or for any House, Warehouse, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, ot or under the yearly Kent of Five Pounds; unless the Occupier or Occupiers of such Mciiuiges, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments respectively, shall desire to be so rated and utktLd, and shall signify their Desire in \V riting to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at iomc of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act; or upon account of any GaiJcns, Garden

oOO

692 Ot 22r

Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

Commissioners Order

Officers to account to Commissioner a.

Ground, or Orchards within the said City, during the Time they shall or may be occupied for the Purposes only of felling the Fruit and Produce thereof, or for or upon account of any Arable, Meadow, or Pasture Ground held or occupied within the said City j any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

rtioned on*Oc

XLIII. And be enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons shall occupy cupi<«\uitting any House, Warehouse, Buildings, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises rated or assessed, or liable

rcoming in to be rated or assessed, by virtue of this Act, out or from which any other Person rated or assessed shall be removed, or which at the Time of making any such Rate or Assessment was empty or unoccupied; that then every Person so removing from, and every Person coming into or occupying the same, shall be liable to pay to such Rates and Assessments in proportion to the Time that such renons respectively occupied the same, in the same Manner, and under the like Penalties of Distress, as if the Person removed had continued therein, or the Person coming into or occupying such House, Buildings, Hereditaments, or Premises, had originally occupied the same, and had been originally rated and assessed in the said Rate or Assessment j which Proportion, in case of Dispute, shall be settled and ascertained by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them.

Taste be deem-

XLIV. Provided always, That all Sums of Money, to be rated, assessed, and paid by virtue of this Act Tax.ant deemed a Tenant’s Tax, and payable by the Occupier, for or in respect of the Premises so rated and

assessed; any Lease or Contrail between any Landlord and Tenant so the contrary notwithstanding. Officers t* beap-

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Se-fomted. yen or more of them, by any Writing under their Hands and Seals, shall and may, from Time to Time,

appoint such Person or Persons to be their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors, Lamplighter or Lamplighters, or such other Officer or Officers as they shall think necessary to be employed for the better executing the several Purposes of this Act; and shall allow such Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, Lamplighters, and other Persons, such Salaries as to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall appear reasonable.

Treasurer* to pay

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Treasurer and Trea-®vcr Money to furers to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, shall and is and are hereby authorised and required to

Pay and apply all such Monies as he or they shall respectively receive by virtue hereof, to such Personor ersons, and in such Manner, and at such Time and Times as the said Commissioners, or any Seven oc more of them, shall from Time to Time, by an Order under their Hands, direct and appoint for the Purposes of this Act.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Collector or Collectors, Treasurer and Treasurers, Clerk and Clerks as aforesaid, shall yearly or oftener, as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall require, make and render to such Commissioners, or any such other Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing upon Oath, if required (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any One or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer) of all Sums of Money by him or them respectively collected, received, paid, and applied as aforesaid, or which shall have been rated and act'effect as aforesaid, and not received, and all other Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue and under the Powers of this Act; and shall also pay and deliver unto such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall diredfc and appoint, all Monies which shall remain in their Hands at the Time of such Account; and if such Collector or Collectors, Treasurer or Treasurers, or any of them, shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies accordingly, it shall and may be lawful for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City of Ivorcijitr^ and he and they is and are hereby required, upon Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice or Justices h and are hereby impowered and re-auired to administer without Fee or Reward) or by Confection of the Party, by Warrant under his or levied?b *11 ^an(* and Seal or their Hands and Seals, to cause the same to be levied, together with the Colts

y '* attending the same, to be ascertained by such Justice or Justices, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pav as aforesaid, in the like Manner, and with the like Powers and Authorities as are hereby given with respect to Distresses for Nonpayment of Rates, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be or want of Di- ^,ied, or upon leaving the same for his or their Use at the Place where such Distress shall be made j and in case no sufficient Distress can be found, or in case such Collector or Collectors, Treasurer or Treasurers, or any of them, shall refuse or neglect to render such Account as aforesaid, then the said Justice or Justices, upon due Proof thereof upon Oath (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward) of any Person impowered to make such Distress, or of any One or more Witness or Witnesses, shall, is, and are hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be apprehended wherever he or they can be found within the said City of Worcester, or in any other City, County, or Place (such Warrant being first backed or countersigned by some other Magistrate in such other City, County, or Place) and to commit him or them, to the Common Gaol of any such City, County, or Place wherein any such Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended, there to remain without Bail or Mainprise, until he or they have made a true and perfect Account and Satisfaction, and paid so much as, upon the said Account, shall appear to be remaining in his or their Hands; and all Costs and Charges attending such Proceedings as aforesaid (to be ascertained by such Justice or Justices) shall be fully paid, or Composition paid for the same (which Composition the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby impowered to make) or other* ife be delivered by due Course of Law.

XLVIII. And whereas it will be necessary to borrow Money upon the Credit of this Act, for the speedy and effectual carrying the same into Execution be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid*

Oft Refofel,

fticfr, Offimier to be cooirait-te<i.

F »es in*y be

aT'vned for Mo-C ftie* buttowed.

more i

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III.

0» 22. ^93

aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time, and they are hereby impowered, by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, under their Hands and Seals, to assign over or mortgage, for any certain Term or Number of Years, the Revenue or Income to arise from the respective Rates or Assessments hereby granted, or any Part or Parts thereof, to such Person or Persons, or their Trustees, who shall advance or lend the same, for securing the Repayment of any Sum or Sums of Money so by them to be borrowed, with Interest; or may fell and secure Annuities for Lives or otherwise, to be paid out of the said Rates and Assessments in lieu of any Sum or Sums of Money to be by them borrowed or raised for the Ends and Purposes aforesaid; and the Costs and Charges occasioned thereby shall be paid out of the said Revenue or Income.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, 7 hat it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall On pefault of lend or advance any Money on the Credit of the said Rates or Assessments, in Default of Payment of Paymfnt> Credi* the principal Money they shall so lend, or the Interest thereof, or in Default of due Payment of any An- RatJ.

nuities that shall be secured to them thereupon (after Demand thereof made at any Meeting of the said 3*

Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them) to collect, gather, and receive the said Rates or Assessments by this Act granted, until such Persons shall have received all Principal and Interest, and all Sums of Money which shall be due to them respectively by way of Annuity or Annuities or otherwise, and all Costs and Expences attending the Collection and Receipt thereof, with the same Powers in every Respefl for the collecting, gathering, and recovering the said Rates or Assessments for paying the said principal Money, Interefh and Annuities, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, could or might have collected the same; and the Persons liable to such Rates or Assessments shall, in that Case, be justified in making Payments to the Mortgagees or Annuitants.

L. And be it further enacted, That all Money which shall be borrowed or raised in pursuance of this -\ppilcacio« of Act, shall, as the same shall come in and be received, be issued and applied from Time to Time for defray- Monies, ing the necessary Expences, first of obtaining this Act, and afterwards of carrying the same into Execution, and to or for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons to Arguments may whom any Assignment or Assignments shall be made determined by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of bc translcrred* them, as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Monies to be le't and advanced, or an Annuity or Annuities to be payable oil the Credit of this Act, or who shall be intitled to the Money thereby secured, shall and may, from Time to Time, by proper Words to be indorsed on the Back of his, her, or their Assignment or Security, or by any other Writing or Writings under his, her, or their Hands and Seals, to be duly executed in the Presence of Two or more credible Witnesses, assign or transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit, to the Principal and Interest Money and Annuities thereby secured, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and fucir Assignee may, and is hereby impowered to assign the same again in like Manner, and so toties quoties.

tijhr TfottrmU or some other Newspaper circulated in the said City of Worcester. Money1"8

Lin. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall. Office s to give and are hereby required to take such Security from their Treasurers and Clerks for the due Execution of Security, their respective Offices, as to them shall seem meet; such Security to be taken in the Name or Names of One or more of the said Commissioners.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners shall. Proceeding to from Time to Time, he fairly written and entered in proper Books to be kept for those Purposes; and bc cnlcrai iq that all such. Books shall, at any Meetings of the said Commissioners, be open to the Inspection of any Books*

Person rated and paying to the said Rates or Asscflments; and all such Orders an I Proceedings so entered, shall be signed by Seven or more of the said Commissioners, and shall be deemed Originals; and the same, Books may be or Extradb thereof, shall be admitted to be read as Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, in all causes, Suits, Evidence, and Actions, touching any Thing to be done in Pursuance and under the Authority of this Act.

LV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That between the Twenty-fourth D>.y o^ "June and Monies to be Twenty-ninth Day of September, in every Year, a fair and just Account shall be made out of all Monies accnmtfd fd* received and paid by virtue of this Act, and how, to whom, when, and for what Purposes, the same anuua shall have been laid out and expended 5 and a Copy or Duplicate thereof, signed by Seven or more of the said Commissioners so assembled as aforesaid, shall be deposited with the Clerk of the said Commissioners, who is hereby required to permit any Person rated or assessed as aforesaid, to inspect the same at all seasonable Times, paying One Shilling for such Inspection; and shall, upon Demand, forthwith give Copies of the same, or any Part thereof, to any such Person, paying at the Rate of Three-pence for every hundred Words, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number; which Account, and Copy or Duplicate, the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby impowered and required to cau'c to bc written out, and signed and delivered accordingly. N

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and fer any One or more Justice Justices todetet-or Jib ices of the Peace of and for the said City of Worcester, to hear and determine the Complaint of urine DiiTcicncw. any of the Offences (not herein directed to be otherwise heard) which are made subject to, and punishable by, any pecuniary Penalties directed by this Act; and upon any Information and Complaint (which shall, in all cases, be made within Ten Days after the Offence committed) exhibited before him or them, or at y other Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said City, at such Time and Place ns shall be therein appointed i and, upon the Appearance, or Contempt of the Party accused in not appearing accruing to

tire

694 C. 2 2.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

A.D.

Application of Ithe Peoaliics.

1770

the Summons of such Justice or Justices, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices before whom the Party or Parties accused shall be summoned to appear (such Summons being first proved to be either personally served on the Party or Parties accused, or left at his, her, or their last and usual Place of Residence within the said City) to proceed to the Examination of Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer, without Fee or Reward) and to hear the Circumstances of the Case; and thereupon, or upon Confection of the Party, to give and sign such Conviction and Judgment for the Forfeiture and Payment of the Penalty, or to acquit the Party accused, as shall be just and conformable to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and

bekvied b^Di- w^ere Party or Parties so accused shall be convicted by reason of any such Information or Complaint, fheis. C 1 then the Penalty or Forfeiture wherein he, she, or they, shall be so convicted, and all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act incurred and inflicted (the Manner of recovering and levying whereof is not otherwise hereby particularly directed) shall and may, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City of Wcrccjhr, which Warrant or Warrants he or they are hereby impowered and required to grant, be recovered, with the Colls of the Recovery and Conviction thereof, to be ascertained by such Justke or Justices, by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, wherever such Goods and Chattels can be found within the said City, rendering the Overplus of such Distress (if any be) to the Party or Parties so distrained, or leaving such Overplus for his, her, or their Use, at the Place where such Distress shall be made; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found within the said City, it shall and may ter want of Di- be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices, and he and they are hereby impowered and required, by War-tucis, offends ranc uru]er his or their Hand or Hands, to apprehend, or cause to be apprehended any such Offender or ecormrucud. Offenc]ers f0 convicted or liable to pay any such Penalty or Penalties, either within the said City of

cester, or in any other City, County, or Place (such Warrant being first backed or countersigned by some Magistrate in such City, County, or Place) and by virtue of such Warrant to commit him, her, or them to the common Gaol of any such City, County, or Place wherein any such Offender or Offenders lliuil or may be so apprehended, there to be and remain without Bail or Alainprife until he, she, or they shall have fully paid such Penalty or Forfeiture, and all Costs and Charges attending such Proceeding; as aforesaid (to be ascertained by such Justice or Justices) or have paid such Composition for the same as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall have agreed to (and which Composition they are accordingly impowered to make) or shall otherwise be delivered by due Course of Law; and all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures which shall be so incurred and recovered by virtue of this Act, and which are not herein directed to be otherwise wholly applied, shall be applied, One Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Commissioners, or to any other Person or Persons, as they, or any Seven or more of them, shall appoint, and shall be applied for the inhabitants to fame Uses an(j purposes as the said Rates or AtTeffrnents are to be applied; and in all Actions, causes, pctcnt^lncffcs. ^ro^ecut^ons» Informations, and Proceedings any wife relating to the Execution of this Act, any Inhabi-n tant within the said City shall and may be admitted to give Evidence of the Rates or Assessments charged

. as aforesaid upon any such Inhabitant.

JithoufSum s

LVII. Provided always,^That no Nomination, Appointment, Contraft, Bond, Information, War- ou dmp*.rant^ Order, Judgement, Conviction, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand or Hands of the said Commissioners, or any of them, or of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or only signed by them, or any of them, or exhibited before them or any of them, touching, concerning, or in the Execution of any Powers or Authorities of this Act, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatsoever. dimed uniawibl

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress and Sale shall ior want of Form, be made for any Sum or Sums of Money directed to be levied, or where any Person or Persons shall be apprehended or committed by virtue of this Act, such Distress, Sale, Arrest* or Commitment, shall not be deemed to be unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making or doing the same respectively, be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defcft or Want of Form, or other Irregularity in any War-tant of Appointment, or other Warrant, or in any Rate or Assessment, Summons, Conviction, or other Proceeding or Proceedings whatsoever, relating to, or concerning any such Distress, Sale, Arrest, or Commitment; nor shall the Party or Parties making such Distress, Sale, Aireft, or Commitment respect,f lively, be deemed or construed a Trespasser or Trespassers ah initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done or transacted in any such Case by him or them; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by any such Irregularity, shall and may, by Action on the Case, recover fulj Satisfaction for the special Damages only in every such Action.

LIX. Provided always, That no Action or Suit whatsoever shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done or to be dene in pursuance of this Act, or any Clause, Power, or Thing herein contained, until after One Calendar Month’s Notice thereof in Writing, signed by the Party aggrieved, shall be given to the Clerk of the Justice or Justircs of the Peace, or the Clerk of the said Commissioners for the Time being, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction or a Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months from the Fast committed; and every such Action shall be laid in the City of WorcJ^er, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defen-Gcntral Iflae. dants in every such Action, may, at his Election, plead specially, or the General Ifflie, and give this Act, and the special Matter, in Evidence, at any Tiial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in Pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the same shall appear to be so done, so that such Action or Suit shall be brought before Notice given as aforesaid, or after sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered, or alter the Lime limited for bringing the same, as is herein before directed, or shall be laid in any other County, City, or Pi ice, than as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; And if a Verdict shall be found ior the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Iffaintiff or

Plaintiffs

nor Party t*> be deemed a Trfcffafier, ab imtic lor luSlequent Irregular, ly.

I- miration of ACtiun*.

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 22, 23. 695

Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the Treble Corti. fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath for Costs in other Cases of Law.

LX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken Public ActL to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken 'Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other. Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for the more effectually paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Squares,

Lanes, and other Passages, and for regulating Weights and Measures, within the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. An for repealing an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Aa 8 Gc£*

George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and tkfu(lal cleansing, enlightening, and paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and repairing the Co’.Uciion*

Highways and causeways, and regulating the Poor within the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex \ and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes: And whereas the Vestrymen, constituted, elected,*and appointed, for putting the said Act in Execution, having made Ton e 4 Progress in the Trusts in them reposed, relating to the better paving and enlightening the Streets and Places within the said Parish, and for removing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Encroachments; but find that the said Act is defective with respect to some of the Powers thereby given for cleansing, enlighten- ing, and paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, within the said Parish, nor can the same be put in Execution so as to answer the good Purposes thereby intended, unless some new Powers are granted, and the said Act amended and made more effectual: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament af- Commissionerar sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act\ the Vestrymen ^putting this appointed by or in pursuance of the said Act, and all other the Vestrymen of the said Parish of Sa nt Mary ^n'n Execu-le Bone for the Time being, shall be, and be called Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, for and during fd long a Time as they shall continue to be Vestrymen of the said Parish

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner NoComm flionar in the Execution of this Act, during the Time he shall hold any Office, or enter into any Contract, or to hold a pnee have any Share or Interest in any Contraft Relating to the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act. of Prpfif>

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Commissioners to the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this aPP0i,lt °tEccrv Act, to appoint One or more Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerics, Collector or Collectors, Surveyor or Surveyors, with such Allowances as shall be judged reasonable by the said Commissioners, or the

major Part of them, at such Meeting or Meetings; and also may, from Time to Time, appoint such other Officer or Officers as they shall find necessary and convenient; and shall or may take such Security as they shall think proper from such Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors,

Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers so to be appointed as aforesaid; and likewise may, from and nuv remote Time to Time, remove any or either of such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, and appoint tht;ni» and nP-o.hers in the Room of such of them as shall be so removed, or that shall die; and such Commissioners eonimi!ni"f-rSt© as aforesaid, shall and may, out of the Monies arising or to arise by virtue of this Act, pay or cause to be a|l nv paid such Salaries or other Allowances as they shall judge reasonable to be paid or m ide to the Officers or SaUrics. other Persons so appointed, for and in Consideration of his and their Office and Offices respectively, and to such other Person or Persons as have been or shall be aiding and assisting in and about the Execution of this Act.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That such Surveyor or Surveyors so appointed by the

laid Commissioners, shall be in the Room or Stead of any Surveyor or Surveyors *of the Highways here- ir>en * iur" tofore appointed by the Vestrymen of the said Parish; which Office shall, from and after the passing of veyors# this Act, ceate; and the Powers, Authorities, and Duties thereof, shall vest in the Surveyor or Surveyors appointed by the fakl Commissioners under and by virtue of this Act; any Law, Statute, or Ufuge, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enactecTby the Authority aforesaid, That if any Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk Penalty on Ofiler Clerks, Collector or Collectors, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers, Servant or Ser- cers^Noncom^ii-vants, which shall or may hereafter be appointed by the said Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, Q^'of Vom-or ^any Part thereof, shall exact, demand, take, or accept, any Fee or Reward whatsoever, other than m;irioicr«, such Salaries and Rewards as shall be appoinced, allowed, and approved of, by such Commissioners as aforesaid, for or on Account of any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Act, or for forbearing to

do any Thing ordered or directed by the Commissioners for p itting this Act in Execution, or on any Account whatsoever relating to the Execution thereof, or shall any Way be concerned or interciled in any Bargain made or to be made by such Commissioners, or any of them, for any of the Purposes intended by this Act; every Person so offending, shall for ever be incapable of being employed under this Act, and fltxall over and above forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to any Person or Persons who

£ dull

696 C. 23.

Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

the Cirnniii-fioneii*

Powers -to adjourn.

shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, within Six Calendar Months next after the Offence committed; wherein no Protection, Essoin, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

First Meennjof VJ# And ke it further enacted, That the Commissioners for putting this Act: in Execution, or any Seven or more of them, shall meet together in the Vestry-room at the Court-house in the said Parish on the Second Monday next after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon, and shall proceed to the Execution of this Act; and shall then, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn themfedves to meet at the Place aforesaid, or at any other Place or Places within the said Parish, as such Commissioners shall think: proper or convenient for putting this Act in Execution; and of which Adjournment Notice in Writing, or printed, and signed by the Clerk or Clerks, shall he given to or left for such Commissioners at their last or usual Place or Places of Abode One Day at least before such intended Meeting: And if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any Meeting which shall be appointed to be had or held by such Commissioners, a sufficient Number of such Com-rmdioners as are hereby appointed to constitute a Quorum to Act at such Meeting, and to adjourn to another Day, then and in such Case the CLrk or Clerks of such Commissioners for the Time being shall and is, and he or they is and are hereby respectively required to summon such Commissioners to meet at the Place where the last Meeting was appointed to be held, within Eight Days next after the Day on which such Meeting was to have been held as aforesaid; such Summons to be in Writing, or printed, and signed by the Clerk or Clerks, and to be delivered at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Commissioners, at least Two Days before such next Meeting; and in case the said Clerk or Clerks shall happen to die before such Summons issued, or shall neglect to issue such Summons in Manner aforesaid, then the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to such Commissioners shall and may, and he or they is and Commissioners to are hereby required to issue such Summons within Eight Days from the Time the said Commissioners defray their own ought to have been summoned by the Clerk or Clerks in Manner aforesaid; and such Commissioners shall expences. at t^cjr Meetings pay their own Expences.

Orders, &c. to be

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Acts, Orders, and Proceedings Book and fizned. Commissioners from Time to Time shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and signed by the Chairman for the Time being at their next Meeting; and such Orders shall then Books may be be deemed and taken to be original Orders; and such Book or Books shall and may be produced and rc.id 1 cad in Evidence, in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

No valid

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Act of such Commis-unless done^t floners shall be valid, unless done or made at some Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, where ing? C eC ’ either Five, Seven, Nine, or more Commissioners (as may be necessary under any Part of this Act) shall be present.

Majority present

IX. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That all the Powers and Authorities by this Act pubi.ck Meet- granted to or vested in such Commissioners, shall and may from Time to Time be exercised by the ing?, may a. major part of them who shall attend any public Meeting to be holden as herein before mentioned;

the Number of such Commissioners present at such public Meetings, not being less than Five (except where a greater Number is declared necessary by this Act); and all the Orders and Proceedings of the major Part of such Commissioners, present at such publick Meetings, shall have the same Force and Effect as if done or made by all such Commissioners for the Time being.

Part of Tybum X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, Kad fubirtfed that Part of Tyburn Road, or Oxford Road or Street, which lies in the several Parishes of Saint George Hch to jur.iditfion of nover Square, Saint James, and Saint Anne, within the Liberty of Westminster, shall, for the Purpose of t^onjmissioners, paving, cleansing, and enlightening, be deemed and taken to be within the said Parish of Saint Mary \e Bone, and shall be subject to the Orders, Controul, and Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners; and that the foie Power and Authority of pitching, paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewses, Alleys, Passages, and Places, within the said Parish of Saint Mary le Bm, and also all Oxford Road or Street, and all the Ground or Pavement belonging to the Corner Houses or Stables, Walls, or void Spaces of Ground, or other Premises where the same, or any Part thereof, front Oxford Road or Street aforesaid; and also all new Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewses, Alleys, Passages, and Places within the Limits aforesaid, which now are or hereafter may be built or begun to be built on or on any Part or Parts thereof, shall be, and the same is and are hereby vested in the said Commissioners.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Property of the said Pavements, Lamps, Iron, Timber, Furniture, and all other Materials and Things which shall be made Use of for the Purposes of this Act, shall be and the same Is hereby vested in the Commissioners for the Time being; and they, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions in the Name or Names of any One or more of then, or ro prefer and order and direct the preferring ofln-distments against any Person or Persons who shall steal, take, or carry away any or any Part of such Materials or Things; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously break up, destroy, or otherwise damage or fpcil any of the said Materials or Things, or any of the Works done in pursuance of this Act or any Part or Paris thereof, every Person so oilending the rein, and being thereof convicted by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, or for the City and Liberty of JP^Jiminster, as the Case shall be, shall, for the First Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings, and for the Set end and every other Offence any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds, nor less than Twenty Shillings, to be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the justice or Justices before whom such

3 Coaviftiou

I tv of

iW r, n <tj-Work?,

to levied by D'lirow ar.d

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 23. 697

Conviction shall be made, which Forfeiture shall be applied to the Purposes of ftiis Act; and in case Fm want of Dir-the Person or Persons so offending and convict^d shall have no Goods or Chattels whereupon the same committed* can be levied, then and in such Case respectively it shall and may be lawful to and for One or more of such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to commit such Person and Persons respectively to the House of Correction, there to remain for any Space not exceeding Two Calendar Months, nor less than Ten Days, to be reckoned from the Day of Commitment; and the Person or Persons so incurring, and being convicted of any of the said pecuniary Penalties, shall not be discharged until he, she, or they shall have paid the Sum forfeited as aforesaid, or until the Expiration of the said respective Times. '

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Property of all Stones, and all 0!d Materials, and every Part and Parts of the old Materials which shall belong to the old Pavement, as well of the

Carriage as of the Footways, within the Limits aforesaid, shall be vested in the said Commissioners for omm‘uoner. putting this Act in Execution, and their Successors-; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said old Materials

Commissioners and their Successors, or their Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being, by their Order, or may be fold,

the Order of any Five or more of them, to sell and dispose of the same, or of all or any Part or Parts

thereof, to such Person or Persons who shall be willing to buy or purchase the same, a^.d to apply the Payment to be

Purchase-money arising by such Sale to the Purpose of this Act; and if any Person or Persons to whom made imoDiya such Materials, or any Part or Parts thereof shall be fold, shall refuse or neglect to pay for the same within Ten Days after Sale thereof to him, her, or them, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and their Successors, or any Five or more of them, to bring or cause to be brought any,

Action or Actions in the Name of their '1 realurer or Treasurers for the Time being for the Recovery of the Money due for such Materials so fold, in which Action or Actions no Eflbin, Protection, or Wager "of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be Old Material* 1 lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any f ive or moie of them, to order all or any of the said may be made old Materials to be made use of in paving or repairing any Square, Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Mews, use of> UCt Aliev, Passage, or Place within the Limits aforesaid; and the said Commissioners may from Time to Time N

hire a Piece of Ground to convey, lay, and dispose of all or any of the said old Materials as aforesaid, for and until such Time as they shall have Occasion or judge it necessary to use the same; any Thing in this AcI contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Ground may be

the said Commissionr.rs, or any Seven or more of them, to hire a Piece of Ground for the Purposes of dig- hi, ed for getting

gingGravel for the better paving the said Streets, Squares and Places for such Time, and for such Sum and Grave,»

hums of Money, as to them shall appear reasonable; which Sum and Sums of Money shall be paid out of

" rT ;, Teams, or Car-and rn['!, &c*

3, rim halca f«.r

: Squares, Streets, culinfe thereof.

c directed by this Act; and shall and may hire such Persons, buy such Materials, and make such Regulations for the better cleansing the same, as they, or any Seven or more of them, in their Discretion shall think proper; any Law, Statute, or UI age to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven Commissioners

cuims ot Money, as to them mail appear realonaoic; which bum and bums ol Money Inal the Monies arising or to arise by virtue of this Act; and also may buy such Carts, Elorfes, riages, as may be necessary for the Purposes of carting such Gravel, or for cl«aniing the Sc Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mcvvfcs, Alleys, Passages, and Places, or for any other Purpose t

Yards, Mewles, Passages or Places, within the Limits aforesaid; which Contract and Contracts dial 1 Sqna.cs, &c. specity the several Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the same, and the Time or Times when the said Works shall be completed, and the Penalties to be suffered in case of Nonperformance thereof, and shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of th'm, and also by the Person or Persons contracting to perform such Works respectively; which Contrail shall be entered in a Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks to such Commissioners; hut, previous to the making of any such Contract, Fourteen Days Notice at the leaf! shall be given in some of the publick Newspapers, expressing the Intention of such Contract, in order that any Person or Persons, willing to undertake the same (not being Commissioners) may make Proposals for.that Purpose, to be offered and presented to the said Commissioners at a certain Time and Place in such Notice to be mentioned,

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, other than the Scavenger contracting l’<*na!tvrmPer-v i:h the said Commissioners, or those employed under him, shall, without the Privity and Content (>f thj?^n ^ Owner, carry away any Cinders or Ashes from any House or other Premises in any Square, Street, or Place, not Cinj within the Limits aforesaid; tlun such Person or Persons so carrying away such Cinders or Allies, shall forfeit a Sum notcxceeding Five Shillings for every such Offence. "

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That in case the Person who Hull carry away the Cinders or Allies, without being properly authorised by the Scavenger, cannot be apprehended; that then a like Hen. Itvoi'Five Shillings shall be forfeited by the Owner of the Cart in which such Cinders or Allies shall be plac ed in ord r to be carried away.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Comirfifiioners, orfmy Five ’*v< k< tc> or more of them, and they are hereby directed to cause all and every the Work done in pursuance of this fr Act to be inspected by their Surveyor or Surveyors, or by such other Person or Persons as they flull from Lime to Time appoint; and in casetiie fame shall not be well and sufficiently performed, accouling to the Intent and Meaning of such Contract or Contracts, or shall not be finished and completed at or within the Time or Times that the same is or aie agreed to be compjcted by the said Contractor or Contractors, the said Sur-. Voj., X. 4 U veyor

the Scavcnvrc/,

\ na’ty bf n Ownui oi he Can.

be in-

698 C. 23.

Anno dfccimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

Coiflnruffionfrs

;nv>y compound Kvith Person? fol jBrcach of Contract, See,

Pav!or«, Carters, tee, to be appointed.

*». c. 4.

Commissionera may cause the Street?, &c- to be new paved,

f.'*

veyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, shall report the same to the said Commissioners at their next or any subsequent Meeting; who shall or may thereon, in their own Names, or the Names of any Five or more of them, or in the Name or Names of their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, bring an Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster against any Person or Persons so *contacting and neglecting to perform any stich Contract or Contracts, and for any Penalty or Penalties which shall be contained in such Contract or Contracts; and on Proof of the Signing of the said Contract or Contracts, and Nonperformance thereof at the Time or Times for that Purpose therein mentioned, the said Commissioners shall be intitled to, and shall recover such Penalty or Penalties, which, when recovered, shall be applied, for the Purposes of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Commissioners as aforesaid, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons against whom such Commissioner shall bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, for any Penalty or Penalties contained in any Contract or Contracts hereafter to be made or entered into in pursuance of this Act, on account of any Breach or Nonperformance of any such Contract or Contracts, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper; so as the Sum so compounded and agreed for be not less than the Injury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Nonperformance of such Contract or Contracts, and all Costs, Charges, and Expences, which shall be occasioned thereby,

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time to order and dire# such and so many Paviors, Artificers, Workmen, Labourers, Carters, and others, in the respective Works aforesaidr as they shall judge necessary for the due Execution of such Works; and no Person or Persons shall, for any Abl done in consequence of his or their being so employed by Order of such Commissioners, be subject or liable to any Action, Indiilment, or Information, upon the Statute made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act containing divers Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Husbandry, and Apprentices.

Disputes about

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Dispute shall arise with respect to the Wages of Wages of Work- such Paviors, Artificers, Workmen, or Labourers employed, it may be settled by any One of His Majesty's men how leided. Justices of the peace for the County of Middlesex or City and Liberty of Westminster, as the Case shall be, whose award shall be final.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or any Five or more of them, may cause all or any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewfcs, Alleys, Passages, and Places, or any Part or Parts thereof, whether Foot or Carriage-way, within the Limits aforesaid,"to be new paved or repaired; and for such Purposes may cause to be ducj, carried, and carted out of or brought into the same, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, such Gravel, Stones, and other Materials, as they shall judge necessary \ and may likewise cause the Ground thereof to be raised or lowered, the Course of the Channels running in or through the same to be turned or altered, new Grates to the Common Sewers to be added or replaced, and in what Numbers or Places they shall think proper; and the Water-pipes which now lie, or hereafter shall be laid under Ground, to be taken up and new laid in such Places, Manner, and Form, as they shall judge bed; ?md may cause all or any Pofis or Rails in such Streets or Places within the Limits aforesaid, as they shall judge useless, or to be a Nuisance or Obstruction either to Foot Passengers or to Carriages, to be taken up and removed, and likewise all Steps, Bulks, Stalls, Dung-holes, Saw-pits, Shew-glasses, and Shew-boards encroaching upon the Foot-way, as also all Steps and Doors opening or leading from the Foot-way or Carriage-way into Vaults, Cellars, or other Places, to be removed, filled up, or altered, as they the said Commissioners shall judge necessary.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, ThatTio Person or Persons shall alteror

inf* ihe Form of cause to be altered the Form of any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mcwfes, Alleys, Street*, See. erect- Passages, or Places which shall be new paved by Order of such Commissioners as aforesaid, or the Manner cuss'hc^ tfieFavcment thereof, or in any wise incroach thereon, or put up any Port or Polls, Step or Steps, or

cw- ar 8. any Bulks or Stalls, or place out any Shew-glasses or Shew-boards, so as to be an Incroachment, or make any Dung-holes or Saw-pits; upon Pain that every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, over and above the Expences of relaying and reinstating such Pavements, or taking down such Pods, Bulks, or Stalls, and removing or altering such Shew-boards or Shew-glasses, or filling up such Dung-holes or Saw-pits, according to the Direction of such Commissioners.

XXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be conllrued to extend to prevent any Owner or Occupier of any House, Shop, Warehouse, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, within the Limits aforesaid, to make any Area or Areas either in the Front or at the End of any such House, Shop, Warehouse, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, after the same shall be paved, but they shall have like Power to make such Area or Areas as before the passing of this Act; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise not-wi th (landing.

XXV. And whereas in several of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewses, Alleys, Passages, and Places, there is a great Quantity of Earth dug up, and large Holes are left in such Streets and Places for the Purpose of making Vaults to the Houses or Tenements built or in building, longer than is absolutely necessary: And whereas the Areas before Houses or Tenements built or in building arc

tomciOctie Gften jcft open<) anj no Fence, Rails, or Timber, properly placed or fixed up, so as to prevent Paf- fingers from falling down the same, by reason whereof the Lives of many of his Majesty's Subjects are

1 endau*

nalty on alter-

©€cup’«rs of

Houses may fnake Arcus.

f>cr'or:« dipping Fatth, or leaving Hose^ for

iruk'ne Vaults

&c,

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 23. 699

endangered 57 be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, from and after the passing of this Act, shall dig out any, Earth, or leave any Hole in any Street or Place before any House or Tenement built or in building within the Limits aforesaid, for the Purpose of making Vaults, or any other Purposes whatsoever, and shall not inclose the same in a good and sufficient Manner, to be approved of by the Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being to the said Commissioners, or shall keep up such Inclosure longer than is absolutely necessary, or shall not well and sufficiently fence or rail before the Area or Areas fronting to any Street or Place; every Person or Persons guilty or any of the Offences aforesaid shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, and the like Sum of Five Pounds for every Week that such Nuisance shall be continued.

XXVI. And whereas there are several Ports set up in a certain Street or Place leading from and out of Hanover Square into Oxford Street aforesaid, which prevent Carriages from parting through the same: And whereas it would tend to the public Convenience to have such Ports taken down and removed, so as to make the said Street or Place a Thoroughfare from Hanover Square to Oxford Street for Carriages be it CommiiT-o-ieri enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority to agree with the Owners of the Ground whereon the said Ports and Rails are /r°."n

erected and set up j and upon Payment of such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be so agreed upon, are Hinny-.? Squaie hereby authorised and impowered to appoint Workmen to pull down the said Ports; and this Act shall be to Oxford Street sufficient to indemnify the said Commissioners, and all Persons authorised by them, against the Heirs, Ex- Carnage,

ecutors, Administrators, and Assigns of any of the said Owners; and no Person or Persons whatsoever shall Ownas,

thereafter crest or set up, or cause to be erected or set up, any Ports or Rails, or put or place any Chain across the said Street or Place, or any Parts or Part thereof, so as to hinder the free Passage for Carriages from Hanover Square to Oxford Street, on Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds for every Week such Obstruction shall be continued in the said Street or Place, or any Parts or Part thereof.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after such Agreement rem0vd

with the Owners of the Ground as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor or Survey- iuJ/p^j°ncs '£c ors to' the said Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, to take down such Ports and c. 1 Ct Rails, or to take away such Chain, or any other Material or Thing so obstructin^ such Passage for Carriages, and the same to sell and dispose of for the best Price that can be had; and One Half of the Money

arising therefrom shall be applied for the Purposes of carrying this Act into Execution, and the other Half to the Person or Persons removing, orcaufing to be removed, such Obstructions as aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the parting of this Inhabitants td Act, if any Householder or Householders, within the Limits aforesaid, shall make Complaint in Writing ctive Notice to under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, and shall leave the same at the lart or usual Place of Abode of the pavemeutsavant Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Commissioners of any Defect or Want of Repair in any of the Pavements any Repairs,

of any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewses, Alleys, Passages, or Places, either before or after the same shall have been new paved or repaired by virtue of this Act, Three Days before the Meeting of the said Commissioners; then, and in every such Case, the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall view the said Pavement, and report the Condition thereof to the said Commissioners at their next Meeting; and if the said Surveyor or Surveyors, to whom such Notice shall be given or left as aforesaid, shall, upon such View find the Pavement complained of to be bad and defective (unless it shall appear to arise from a Defect: relating to the Water-pipes lying under such Pavement) the said Commissioners shall give Order to their Contractor or Contractors, Pavior or Paviors, to repair the same within such Time as they the said Commissioners shall judge necessary for the Repair thereof, which Time shall be specified in such Order; and if the Contractor or Contractors, Pavior or Paviors, to whom such Order shall be given, shall not repair and amend such Pavements within such Time as he or they shall be directed by the said Commissioners to repair and amend the same; then, and in every such Case, the said Contractor or Contractors, Pavior or Paviors, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Day that the said defective Pavement shall remain unrepaired after the Time limited by the said Commissioners in their said Order; and One Half of every such Tenalty shall be applied and paid to such complaining Inhabitant for his or her Loss of Time and Trouble in and about the rremifes.

XXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That if the said Surveyor or Surveyors ifSurveyort shall, on any View or Views, be of Opinion that the Pavement or Pavements mentioned to be bad and de- think such Pave., festive by such Householder or Householders in such Notice, is not bad and defective, then and in such ments not defec. Case the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, shall forthwith proceed to view the said Pave- tly*? Tw0 Com* tnent, and their Opinion and Order concerning the same, after such View, shall be final and conclusive > Jhc fume.5t°V^W any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Commissioners as afore- streets, &c. to said, or any Five or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority to cause all or any of the Squares, be watered,* Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewses, Alleys, Passages, and Places, within the Limits aforesaid, to he

watered as often as they shall think fit; and also to cause any Well or Wells to be dug or sunk in such Places wells &nk,

(not being a Vault, Cellar, or other Building, under any of the Streets and Places aforesaid) as they shall think proper; and also any Pump or Pumps to be erected inor near such Places; and also any Pumps now and pumps {landing, or which shall hereafter be erected, for the Purposes of watering the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, erected. Courts^ Yards, Mewses, Alleys, Passages, and Places, to be removed and altered; and to defray the Ex-| cncc thereof out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of, and for the Purposes of this Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That such Commissioners as aforesaid, or any Five or more of them, prn;.e*v;or M: shall and may cause allTfees, Signs, Sign-polls, Sign-irons, Dyers, Scourers, and Barbeis Poles, or any to^c rcrr3T'co/ other Poles, Porches, Penthouses, Boards, Spouts, and Gutters, projecting into or over the Highways or

700

Si;*ns, &c. *o be af'rm*<l on the Fronts of Houses &c.

C. 23. Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

Footways, and all other Incroachments, Projections, or Annoyances whatsoever, within the Limits aforesaid, to be t ken down and removed; and shall cause all Signs, Boards, and Gutters, to be affixed and L. e placed dole to or on the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings, whereunto they respectiies, lively belong, or otherwise as the said Commissioners shall think proper and convenient; and shall return or cause to be returned to the respective Owners, all or so much of such Signs, Sign-posts, Poles, Sign-irons, Boards, Spouts, and Gutters, as shall not be affixed or put up, or otherwise made use of in the Alterations directed by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act; and that for the future, all Signs, Sign-boards, and Gutters, shall be placed and fixed dole to or on the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings, to which they respectively belong, and not otherwise; and if any Person or Persons shall at any Time hereafter hang, place, erect, or build, any Sign, Sign-post, or other Ports, Sign-iron, Pole, Porch, Penthouse, Board, Spout, Gutter, or other Projection, Obstrutftion, or Annoyance whatsoever, or cause

be removed, tcc.

Where Per It,ns refule 10 treat, etc.

4-sanrncd upon Oattu

A Portico mjy

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall prevent the Pro-p h, Uhemin 0* Pr*etors or Owners of a cer ain new Erection or Building on the South Side of Oxford Street aforesaid, now £;";n or intended to be called The Pcinthe:ny from erecting and building, or caafing to be erected and built, and from Time to Time repairing when erected and built, a Portico in or to the Front of the said new Erection or Building, so as the lame do not cause any Annoyance to the Footway in the said Street.

B'l’Mir* pro- XXXJ1l.~‘ And whereas it might tend to the public Convenience, if all Buildings and Erections project-} ttwig «ut, n av4 |ng into or upon the Footways were taken down and removed, as also all Doors of Cellars leading from and out of any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewses, Alleys, Passages, and Places, and ail Steps belonging thereto, and all other Projections whatsoever, and not herein before mentioned, were taken down, r*. moved, and altered, as the said Commissioners shall think fit;’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever in any wise interested in any of the said Premises, upon 'Fen Days Notice to them given, or left in Writing at the House or Houses, Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or at the House, Shop,'Shed, or other Place of the Tenant in Possession of such Premifjs, shall neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree for the Sale of any such Premises, in any Part or Parts thereof, or for their Interest therein, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall a Jury to be rum- cau*" ^1C Value of the Premises to be inquired into and ascertained, by and on the Oath of a Jury of Twelve xnonh 10 fetric indifferent Men of the County of Middlesex, or City and Liberty of IVcJhnmfler, as the Case shall require the lUiompence. (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any One or more of them, is and are hereby impowered and required to administer) what Damages will be sustained determined by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owners, Occupiers, or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons interested in the Premises before mentioned, or any Part or Parts thereof, which the said Commissioners shall think proper to be pulled down and removed, for their respectivelntercfts therein; and in order thereunto, the said Commissioners are hereby witness to be impowered and required from Time to Time, as there shall beOccasion, to summon and call before the fail! fu^monca ani Jury, and to examine upon Oath, all Persons whatsoever who shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined as Witnesses touching or concerning the Premises (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any-one or more of them, is and are hereby impowered and required to administer); and if any of the Parties in:e-rested shall request the same, or the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think it neceila-ry, shall also cause the said Jury to view the Place or Places in Question, and shall use all other lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises, in such Manner as r nfcf h t^ie^r mm*ffl0ners shall think fit; and after the said Jury shall have so enquired of, ascertained,

and^Re- an^ settled such Damages and Recompence, they the said Commissioners shall thereupon order and adjudge the Sum or Sums of Money so aflelled by the said Jury for such Premises as aforesaid, to be paid to the Persons interested in the said Premises, or any Part or Parts thereof, according to the Verdict and Inquisition; and the Order and Adjudication so had and made shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whatsoever claiming in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise, their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, and Successors respectively, as well abfwitas present. Infants, Femcs-covert, Lunaticks, Ideots, and Persons under any Disability whatsoever, as well as all other Person and Persons whomsoever $ and all and every Person and Persons in any wise interested in the Premises, or in any Part or Parts thereof, shall, from and after Payment and Tender of the Money so aflelled and adjudged as aforesaid, in Manner hereafter directed, be hereby, to all Intents and Purposes, diverted of all Right, liilc, Claim, Interest, or Property, of, in, or to the same.

XXXIV. And be it hereby further enacted, That if any Person shall be intitled either in Reversion or Remainder to any such Premises, the Money so awarded by a Jury as a Satisfaction shall be settled totbe fame Uses as the Premises were; unless such Person so interested shall content to give up such reversionary Interest.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the summoning and returning l*n»nion iur/* of such Jury or Juries, the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, are hereby impowered from Time to Time to ifllic their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the said County, or to the High Bailiff of Westminster, as the Case may be, thereby requiring him or them to impanel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons to appear before the said Commissioners at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed, of which Time and Place all Parties interested shall have Ten Days Notice given or left in Manner herein last before mentioned; and the said Sheriff or Hi^h Bailiff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impanel, summon, and return such Twcmy-four Persons accordingly; and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear accordingly to or upon such Summons, the said Commissioners shall cause to be sworn

Twelve,

compci*se.

Money av^arded for Piennies, settled Co like Vfcs.

Sheriffs, Sec. to

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 23. 701

Twelve, who shall he the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and for Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff or High Bailiff, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, shall return so many of the Stand-ers-by as shall be necessary to make up the Number of Twelve to serveon such Jury.

XXXVI. Provided always, That in Case the said Sum or Sums so assessed by the said Jury, and ordered Unless Sausf&ai-and adjudged by the said Commissioners to be paid, as a Satisfaction to the Owners, Occupiers, or others, be made for their respective Interests in the said Premises, shall not be paid, tendered, or left as herein mentioned, ^i,h " a according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, within One Calendar Month after the same shallnotbimU have been so assessed, ordered, and adjudged; then, and in such Case, the Verdict of the said Jury, and

Order and Adjudication of the said Commissioners, shall not be binding upon the said Parties; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid,' That all Persons concerned jnrors may bt shall from Time to Time have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come challenged, to besworn; and the said Commissioners acting in the Premises shall have Power, from Time to Time, to

1 impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff or High Bailiff, his or their Deputy or Deputies,

' Bailiffs or Agents, making Default in the Premises; and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and pCnal»yon ’

returned on such Jury and shall not appear, or shall refuse to be sworn on such Jury, or to give their Ver- rift's,&c. making j dict, or in any Manner wilfully neglecting their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning Dct"ult*

j of this Act; and on any of the persons who, being required to give Evidence touching the Premises, shall

refuse.to be examined or give Evidence; and from Time to Time to levy such Fine or Fines in such Man- Finc rotto*ex. ner as any Penalties in this Act are directed to be levied and recovered; so that no Fine shall exceed the Sum cccd lo j. of Ten Pounds upon any One Person for any One Offence.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that in case such Person or Persons to TncafenfDif-whom such Sums of Money shall be so a fid Ted or due as aforesaid cannot be found; or if by reason of Dif- PIUCS> &c* pules depending in any Court of Law or Equity, or for Default of Evidence, or otherv/ife, it shall not appear to the said Commissioners what Person or Persons is or are inti tied to the same; or if any Mortgagee or to be Mortgagees shall refuse to take in his, her, or their Mortgage-money due upon the Premises, after Notice q*° 1 ‘e given to him, her, or them for that ; then, and in all and every such C fe or cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to order the Sum or Sums so addled and awarded as afore- 4 said, or as shall be due on any such Mortgage, to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name or Names of the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Commissioners for the Time being, for the Use of the Parties interested in the said Premises; to be paid to them and every of them, according to their ref^cdlive Estates and Inteiefis in the said, Premises, as the said Commissioners shall, by any Order to be by them made, direct.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall A Parr^e m be have full Power and Authority to make a PalVage or Opening betwixt the West End of JVlgmore Street and <r wi£‘ Portman Street, not exceeding Sixty Feet in Width: and for that Purpose to contract and° agree with the l°ve

Lessee or LeiTees of the Ground lying betwixt JVlgmore Street and Pertman Square, for his, her, or their *or n3"n W<1 '

Right and Interest in such Ground so wanted for the Purpose aforesaid, and to pay for the same out of the Monies to arile by virtue of this Act; and if the LeiTce or LeiTees in.crested in the said Ground, upon Ten Days Notice to him, her, or them given, or left in Writing at the House or Houses, Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree for the Sale of his, her, or their Interest in such Ground, so waiued for the Purpose aforesaid; then, and in that Case, the Price to

paid for the same shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury, in the same Manner as other Purchases are in I and by this Act directed to be settled and ascertained.

IXL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That- all Sum and Sums of Money, or other Conr.cleratto'i-

Consideration, Recompence, or Satisfaction to be paid, made, or given pursuant to any Agreement, Awards monies a. c. pv.-Judgement, Sentence, Decree, or Determination, as shall be made in pursuance of this Act, shall be and WeovtufK-*-*. are hereby charged and chargeable upon all or any Part of such Money or Monies as shall be received by \irtue of the said Act.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Commissioners as aforesaid, or Name? of Stress any Five or more of them, shall and may cause to be painted, engraved, or described in Stone or AVood, to be affixed or otherwise, and to be affixed in a conspicuous Part of One or more House or Houses, Building or Build- Hou, ei ings, at or near each End, Corner, or Entrance of each of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts,

Yards, Mewses, Alleys, Passages, and Places, the Name by which each respective Square, Street, Lane,

Court, Yard, Alley, Mewse, PaUage, and Place is properly or usually called or known and may alT>»

cause every House, Shop, or Warehouse in each of the said Stre ets and Places to be marked and numbered,

in such Manner as they shall judge most proper for distinguishing the same; and, if any Person or Persons shall wilfully destroy, pulldown, injure, obliterate, or deface any such Names/Descriptions, Marks, or P>r-it vom’o

Numbers, or any Parts or Part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, every Person so offending

shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Eony Shillings* nor Ids than v

Ten Shillings.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Annoy.-n^.--Tirne or Times hereafter drive or place, or cause to be driven or placed in any of the Carriage-ways within »n thtCi- the Limits aforesaid, any Coach, Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, or on any Part or Paris thereof. rijsff SV iN K/vv so as to occasion any Annoyance whatsoever, and shall not immediately remove the same when required so ry u lcnu-u*°" to do by any Person or Persons whatsoever; or if any Person or Persons shall set or place any such Carriage for the Purpose of loading or unloading thereof, or for any other Purposes, upon any Foot-eroding in any Square, Street, Way, Lane, Passage, or Place within the Limits aforesaid; e^ery Person so offending shall, for every or either of the said Offences, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Shillings; and One of such Commissioners, or any Person or Persons appointed by them for that Purpose, may fuze or cause to be fei/cd 2

702

C. 23.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

Penalty on not

A.D. 1770.

any such Coach, Cart, Waggon, Dray or othpr Carriage, together with the Horse or Horses, if any shall be thereunto belonging, and drive or remove, or cause the same to be driven or removed, to the Court -house or Pound, there to be kept and detained until the Owner or Owners thereof, or his, her, or their known Servant or Servants, shall and do pay to the Person or Persons in whole Custody the same shall be, the said Penalty, together with the Charges of removing the same, and of keeping such Horse or Horses (if any); and in case the same shall not be claimed, and the said Penalty and Charges paid, within the Space of Five Days next after such Seizure thereof, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to order the same to be appraised and fold, and the Money arising therefrom shall be applied to the Purposes of this Ach

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any

Penalty if Nui-lances ate continued.

Time or Times hereafter set or place, or cause to be set or placed, in any of the Carriage-ways or Foot-riapeoiUFoo°-dl"ways within the Limits aforesaid, any Casks, Package, Timber, Stones, Wheels, Bricks, Lime, Sand, ailci Notice. Morter, or Wood, or any other Material or Things whatsoever for the Purposes of making Morter, or of building any House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, or Tenement, or for any other Purpose funless the same shall be inclosed in a Hoard or other Erection as herein after is directed) and shall not remove the same within the Space of One Day next after Notice to him or her given for that Purpose, or left at the Premises where the same shall be, or, if empty and unoccupied or in building, fhick against the Wall thereof by any One of such Commissioners as aforesaid, or by any Person or Persons by them appointed for that Purpose; every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Five Shillings; and any One of such Commissioners, or any Person or Persons so appointed by them, may seize or cause to be seized such Calks, Package, Timber, Stones, Wheels, Bricks, Lime, Sand, Morter, Wood, or other Materials (not being inclosed as aforesaid) and take or remove, or cause the same to be taken or removed, to the Court-house or Pound, there to be kept ' and detained until the Owner or Owners thereof, or his, her, or their known Servant or Servants shall and do pay to the Person in whose Custody the same shall be, the said Penalty, together with the Charges of removing the same; and in case the same shall not be claimed, and the said Penalty and Charges paid, within tnc Space of Five Days next after such Seizure thereof, then it shall and may oe lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to order the same to be appraised and fold, and the Money arising therefrom shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act

XLIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any such Nuisance, Obstruction, or Annoyance shall be afterwards replaced, and be continued for the Space of One Hour after Notice to remove the same, the Person or Persons convicted of such Second Offence shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings, and the like Sum of Ten Shillings for every repeated Offence.

Licences may be

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall panted for crett- erect or build, or cause to be erccSed or built any such H^.ard, or erect any Ports, Bars, Rails, Boards, or 1115 Hoards, &c. other Thing by Way of Inclosure, for the Purpose of making Morter, and depositing Bricks, Stone, Lime, Sand, or any other Materials for building or repairing any House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, or Tenement, or other Works, or for any other Purpose, without Leave or Licence first had and obtained under the Hand or Hands of the Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being to such Commissioners, who is and are hereby required to grant the same forthwith, on every Person so applying for such Licence, paying to the said Surveyor or Surveyors the Sum of One Shilling: And no Person whatsoever shall erect or build ajiy such Kind of Hoard or Inclosure as aforesaid in any other Manner, or fufter the same to remain for any longer Time, than shall be expressed and allowed in such Licence from the said Surveyor or Surveyors, to be signed as aforesaid, upon Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, nor less than Five Shillings, for every Twelve Hours that the same, or any Part thereof, shall be continued contrary to the Directions of this Act: And if any such Kind oflnclosure shall be erected or built without the Leave of the said Surveyor or Surveyors 1 o had and obtained and signed as aforesaid, or shall be set up in any other Manner, or continued for any longer Time than shall be allowed and expressed in such Licence; then, and in either of the said cases, jt shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to cause the same to be pulled down and removed, and the Materials thereof shall be deposited in the Court-house or Pound, there to be kept and detained until the Owner or Owners, or his, her, or their known Servant or Servants shall and do pay, to the Person or Persons in whose Custody the same shall be, the said Penalty, together with the Charges of removing the same: And in case the same shall not be claimed, and the said Penalty and Charges paid within the Space of Five Days next after such Seizure thereof, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to order the same to be appraised and fold, and the Money arising therefrom shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

KoUmctobc

XLVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall fi ft, fereen, or flack any s'^;‘nany Lime ('cxccPt within such Inclol'ure as aforesaid) in any Square, Street, Way, Lane, Passage, or Place, c. cause the famfc to be so done, he or they shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of

Forty Shillings.

Penalty on driv-

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall for joj Carnaps, the fvture carry, run, drive, or draw, or cause to be carried, run, driven, or drawn on any of the Foot-*c- 0,1 'hcFoot~pavements within the Limits aforesaid, any Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, Wheel-barrow, or any Carriage whatsoever, or shall wilfully ride, lead, or drive any Horse, Ass, or other Cattle, Coach, or other Carnage whatsoever, upon any Part of the said Foot-pavements; then, and in any such Calc, and as often as they or any of them shall happen, Jt shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons to afiiil in seizing the Offender or Offenders, and they are hereby required so to do, by the Authority of this Ai\> and without any

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 23. 703

any other Warrant to convey and deliver him, her, or them, into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and convoyed before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, or City and Liberty of tVeJhninJhr, as the Case mail be; and the Party or Parties accused being brought before any such Justice, such Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Information touching such Offence (which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorised and required toi administtr); and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of such Oft'epee, either by h s, her, or their own Confection, or upon Information as aforesaid, he, she, or they faconvicted of any such Offences respectively, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings for the First Time of offending, the Sum of Twenty.

Shillings for the Second Time of offending, and the Sum of Forty Shillings for the Third and every other Time of offending: And in case such Offender or Offenders mail not upon such Conviction pay such Forfeitures by him, her, or them incurred as aforesaid, the Justice before whom such Offender or Offenders *

shall be convicted, is hereby required to commit him, her, or them to the House of Correction for the said County, or City and Liberty of Westminster, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Space of Time not exceedin Ten Days, nor less than Three Days,

XLVIII. And whereas both Hackney Coachmen and Hackney Chairmen frequently take their Stands,

with their Coaches and Chairs, in such Part of a Street as to occasion considerable Obstructions both on the Carriage and Footways;’ be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, may diredVand regulate such Stands, as they shall in their Stan£* 0<j’ Hatk-Discretion think proper, within the Limits aforesaid; and if any Hackney Coachman, or Hackney

Chairman shall not comply with such Regulations, he or they shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings so red/ every Offence.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever Time# o empty* shall come with any Cart or Carts, or begin to empty any Bog-house or Bog-houses, or to take away any ing Bog-houses, Nrght-foil from any House or Houses within the Limits aforesaid, before the Hour of Twelve of the Clock in the Night, or shall continue to take away the same after the Hour of Five of the Clock in the Morning, from Michaelmas to Lady Day, or after the Hour of Four of the Clock from Lady Day to Michaelmas; or if any Person shall put or cast, or cause to be put or cast out of any Cart, Tub, or otherwise in or near any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewfcs, Alleys, Passages, and Places within the Limits aforesaid, or within Half a Mile thereof, any such Night-foil; it shall and may be lawful to and for any Constable, Beadle, or Watchman (and they are hereby strictly required and directed so to do) or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, to apprehend and carry him or them, guilty of either of the said Offences, to the Watch-house of the said Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, and from thence, as soon as conveniently may be. before fomne Justice of the Peace for the said County, or City and Liberty of Westminster, as the Case shall be, who, upon Oath made of such Offence or Offences as aforesaid (which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered and required to administer) shall and may commit such Person or Persons guilty of any of the said Offences to the House of Correction for the said County, or City and Liberty of Westminster, for any Time not exceeding Two Months, nor less than Fourteen Days, there to be kept to hard Labour; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, to order any Sum, not exceeding Twenty Shillings, nor less than Fen Shillings, to be paid to the Person who shall detect, apprehend, and convey before any such Justice or Justices of the Peace any such Person or Persons guilty as aforesaid, to be paid out of the Rates to be raised by virtue of this Act.

L. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Pipe or Pipes Rc(TU|,t;onsto belonging to any of the Water-companies, who now furnish, or shall hereafter furnish the Inhabitants obeyed on within the Limits aforesaid with Water, shall happen to burstin any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, bur ft ing of Pipes. Yards, Mewses, Alleys, Passages, or Places; the Surveyor or Surveyors to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or any other Person or Persons to be by them, or any Five or more of them, appointed for that Purpose, shall forthwith give Notice to the Pavior or Paviors of the Water-companies to whom he apprehends the same to belong, and require him or them to take up the Pavements and open the Ground at or near the Place where the Water shall or may issue, by reason of such Pipe or Pipes burffing or breaking, within Twenty-four Hours next after Notice given to such Pavior or Paviors, or left at his or their last: or usual Place of Abode; and when, upon taking up the Pavement and opening the Ground, it shall appear to what Water-company the said Pipe or Pipes so broken or burst does or do belong, that then the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Commissioners, or such other Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them,

shall appoint, shall give Notice to the Pavior or Paviors of that Company tq whom the said Pipe or Pipes shall appear to belong, or leave the same at his or their last or usual Place of Abode; and the Pavior or Paviors of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes shall belong, is and are hereby required to repair the same, and fill in the Ground, and alsoto repair the Pavement so broken and taken up, in Inch Manner as the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Commissioners for the Time being Hull direct, within Two Day* next after such Notice shall oe given or left as aforesaid: And if it shall happen that the Pavior who first receives Notice to take up the Pavement and open the Ground shall, on taking up such Pavement and opening such Ground, discover that the Pipe or Pipes so bui lt or broken doth not or do not belong to the Compnry whole Pavior he is, that then and in such Case the Pavior to the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes doth or do bffong, shall make Saisfaction to the Pavior who took up such Pavement and opened such Ground as aforesaid; and in Case the Pavior to whom such Notice shall be given to take up such Pavement and open such Ground shall neglect or refuse to do the same, within Twenty-four Hours next alter Notice given; and in case the Pavior to the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes lo broken or burst shall belong shall neglect or refuse t3 amend or repair such Pipe or Pipes, and fill in the Ground, and repair the Pavement, in such Manner as the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall direct as aforesaid, for the Space of Two Days next after

such

7©4

fevers ro g'vc Notice or thiir i>; Hei of At*aJe io itie hut veyois

C. 23. Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

such Notice shall be given or left as aforesaid; then, and in every such Case, the Person or Persons guilty of such Neglect, shall for every fucUOffence severally forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds: And if any Pipe or Pipes (other than such as belong to any of the Water-cornpanics) shall happen to break or burffc in any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewses, Alleys, Pa (Pages, or Places, the-Owner or Owners thereof shall cause the Ground to be opened, and such Pipe or Pipes to be repaired, within the Times before respectively limited for such Purposes, and also shall forthwith give Notice to tin: Contractor or Contractors, Surveyor or Surveyors,1 or other Person or Persons, so appointed as aforesaid, to relay the Pavement so broken or taken up, upon pain of forfeiting for c\ery such Neglect or Refusal the Sum or Forty Shilling?) or if any Pavement shall be broken or taken up by the Commissioners of Sewers, for the Purposes of making, repairing, or altering any Sewer or Drain, or for any other Purpose what foe ver* the Surveyor for the Time being to the said Commissioners of Sewers, or such other Person or Persons so breaking or taking up the said Pavement, shall forthwith give Notice thereof to the Surveyor or Surveyors,

' Contractor or Contractors, or other Person or Persons appointed by the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, to relay or repair the Pavement so broken or taken up as aforesaid, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every such Neglect or Refusal, the Sum of Forty Shillings; or if the said Surveyor or Surveyors, to or for whom such Notice shall be given or left as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to acquaint the Contractor or Contractors, or other Person or Persons so appointed as aforesaid, of such Notice; or if such Contractor or Contractors, or such other Person or Persons, shall not, within Two Days next after such Notice ref-pvdtively given, relay or repair the same; then, and in every such Case, the Person or Persons so respectively offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings, and the like. Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Day such Pavement shall continue, without being relayed or repaired* after the Expiration of the said Two Days.

LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Paviors and Turncocks now appointed, or hereafter to be appointed in case of the Death or Removal of any such Pavior. or Turncock, by the said several and respective Water-companies, shall, and they are hereby required, v/i.hin the Space of Three Days next after the passing of this AdfGcr within the Space of Three Days next _ after the Palling of this Act, or within the Space or Three Days next after he or they shall be appointed Pavior or Paviors, Turncock or Turncocks, to such Company or Companies, to give Notice, in Writing, to the Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being to the Commissioners for putting this in Execution, or inch other Person or Persons as shall be by them, or any Five or more of them, appointed for that Pur-

CommWTionns <4 Srwers to repair Drains, &c. \n hi; h ;<r.* ur.-lcr ifleir J)motion,

O vnrrs of Pflts to jeijy or r- j.air th oi th--ir own C.iJtbcs.

E v c ? ccof r.! inn *_' Sewers, £. to ! c j’aid In-to'rmllln-i trs. f! bj.ve:*, &c.

to

pose; w ich Notice shall contain such Pavior’s or Turncock’s Name and Place of Abode respectively, as also ro what Company he is Pavior or Turncock, and in what District he has the Care of such Company or Companies Pipes; and, in like Manner, the Surveyor or Surveyors to such Commissioners for the Time being, shall, within the respective Times aforesaid, give Notice to the respective Paviors and Turncocks of the said several Water-companies, of his or their own Place or Places of Abode, and also to the Surveyor or Surveyors, or to the Commissioners of Sewers, of the Names and Places of Abode of such Contractor or Contractors, and of the Pavior or Paviors employed by such Commissioners; and every Person or Persons neglecting or refilling to give such Notice as aforesaid, within the Times before respectively specified, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings.

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Sewer or Drain which shall or may be under the Direction of the Commissioners of Scwer^, in any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewses, Alleys, Passages, or Places, shall require to be repaired, altered, clean fed, or emptied, or any new or additional Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Drains, shall be necessary to be made, or any new Grate or Grates to be made and put over any Sewer in any of the said Squares, Streets, or Places, or any old Grates over the same shall require to be repaired, removed or altered; then, and in every such Case, the said Commissioners of Sewers shall, within Three Days next after Notice given to, or Jest for, their Surveyor for the Time being, at his last or usual Place of Abode, cause such Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Drains, to be made, repaired, altered, cleanled, or emptied, or such new and additional Grates to be made and put down, or such old Grates to be repaired, removed, or altered; and, in Default thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for the Time being for putting this Act in Execution, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being, to cause such Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Drains, to be made, repaired, altered, cleansed, or emptied, or such new and additional Grates to be made and put down, or such old Grates to be repaired, removed, or altered, as the Case may require, or so much thereof as shall remain unfinished.

Mil. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That the Charges and Expences of relaying or repairing the Pavement which shall he broken or taken up k>r the Purpose of repairing or amending any such Pipe or Pipes, not belonging to any of the Water-companies, shall be paid to the Commissioners for putting this Ad/t in Execution, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same, by the respective Owner or Owners of such Pipe or Pipes; and that lie Charges and Expences of making, repairing, altering, cleansing, or emptying any such Sewer, Drain, or Vault, and of making and putting down such new and additional Grates, and altering and repairing such old Grates, and of relaying and repairing the Pavement so broken or taken up for any of the Purposes aforesaid, Hull he paid to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same, by the Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being to the said Commis-ftouers of Sewers, or determined by the Person or Persons who shall t;ue up, or cause the said Pavement, or any Part thereof, to be taken up, for the Purposes aforesaid; and in case the respective Owner or Owners of such Pipe or Pipes as aforesaid, or the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Commissioners of Sewers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, Hull neglect or refuse to pay what shall have been so laid out and disbursed for the Purposes aforesaid, within'Fen Days next after Notice thereof in Writing, ffgned by the Clerk to th*

Coniniiilioners

A.D.

lyyo.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

C.

23-

705

Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, and left at their respective Dwelling-houses or lift Place of Abode, together with a Bill annexed thereto (which Notice shall contain an Account of such Charges and Expences); that then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions in their own Names, or in the Name or Names of their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, against all or any or either of the respective Persons aforesaid, for the Recovery of such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall hav e so laid out and expended for the Purncfes aforesaid; in which Action or Actions no Eflbip, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

LIV. 6 And whereas the Commissioners of Sewers, in some Parts of the Year, do not meet until a very Commissioneri considerable Interval of Time from their last preceding Meeting, from which great Inconveniencies may wth arise ;\ be it therefore enacted, That the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution shall, within commissioners the Limits aforesaid, have the same Authority to determine in all Cases as the Commissioners of Sewers of S wers.

shall now enjoy.

LV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That if at any Time or Times it shall be found Expence ofaltcr-necessary to raise, fink, or any otherwise alter the Postion of any of the Pipes or Plugs laid down or placed by any of the Companies who furnish the Inhabitants within the Limi:s aforesaid with Water, or any of the commissiona*. Leaden or other Pipes belonging to any of the said Water-companies, or to any other Person or Persons, which, for the Purposes of conveying Water into any House, Area, or other Place, have been or shall be laid into or from any such Pipe or Pipes, or to remove or place the Grates over any of the common Sewers for the Purpose of new paving or altering the Pavement of any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts,

Yards, Mewses, Alleys, railages, or Places; the Expence thereof shall, from Time to Time be paid out of the Money arising or to arise by virtue of this Act; and shall always be done with as little Detriment and Inconvenience to the said respective Companies or Inhabitants as the Circumstances of the Case will admit.

LVI. Provided always, That when and so often as any Part of the Pavements of the said Squares, replaced at Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewses, Aileys, Passages, or Places, shall betaken up by any Person or Pr°Pri~

Persons for the Purposes of placing, altering, or amending any such Pipe; the same shall, with all conve- of repair!" nient Speed, be repaired by the Pavior or Paviors contrafting with or employed by the said Commissioners, jn& Pavements, or under the Direction of their Surveyor or Surveyors, at the Expence of the Proprieior or Proprietors of the said Leaden or other Pipes respectively, if such Pipe is replaced, altered, or amended, at the Request of such Proprietor, and not otherwise.

LVII. Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, from Time to Commissioner* Time, to compound and agree with any of the said Proprietors for a certain Sum of Money by the Foot or other Measure, as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable, in lieu and stead of their laying down and a repairing such Parts of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewses, Alleys, railages, or Places, as shall be necessary to be taken up for the Purposes aforesaid*

LVIII. And whereas it is apprehended, that if the Inhabitants of particular Squares, Streets, and c Places, within the Limits aforesaid, or others, would raise such competent Sum and Sums of Money as

would be sufficient to now pave such particular Square, Street, or Place, under the Direction of the ^uarc>

Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, it would be a Means of greatly forwarding the several Improvements intended to be made by this Act be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Inhabitants of any particular Square, Street, and Place, within the Limits aforesaid, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, to raise, from Time to Time, such competent Sum or Sums of Money as shall be sufficient to new pave such particular Square, Street, or Place $ which Sum and Sums of Money, when so raised, shall be paid to such Commissioners, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the-Time being, or to such other Person or Persons as such Commissioners, or any Seven or rtiore of them, shall direct and appoint to receive the same, and for which such Person and Persons so advancing any such Sum or Sums of Money shall be Creditors; and the Principal and Interest shall be charged and chargeable upon the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, to be made, laid, and Monies so mise* a Hefted upon such particular Squares, Streets, or Places for that Purpose, by virtue and in purfu^nce of charged upon the this Act; and which Money^ when so paid and received, shall be deposited in the Bank of E?jglandy and thence issued and applied by such Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, for new paving such par- ut 4

ticular Square, Street, or Place; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to agree to pay and allow legal or lower Interest Half-yearly to nnv Person or Persons who shall raise any such Sum or Sums of Money, to commence from the Time that such Sum or Sums of Money shall be received by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, or any other Person or Persons so by the said Commissioners appointed to receive the same in Manner aforesaid.

LIX. And, in order to enable the said Commissioners so to do, be it further enacted by the Authority Cl>mni^|0nfrt aforesaid, That from and after the Time that such competent Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid and re-1» ir.ake Rare ceived for that Purpose, in Manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to ,cPaythe or any Seven or more of them, yearly and every Year, or oftener if Occasion shall require, to make, lay, nex 10 aiivance,*» and afiefs, One or more Rate or Rates, Assessment or AUcflments, upon all and every Person and Persons who door shall inhabit, hold, use, occupy, nofless, or enjoy any Land, Ground, House, Shop, Waic-house, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement^ or Hereditament, in any such Square,

"Street, or Place, within the Limits aforesaid, for railing such competent Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall in their Discretion judge necessary for and towards repaying the Money so raised and received, together with legal or lower Iiucicil for the same; which said

7^6 C. 23.

Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

Rjtes may be ajJijiicd.

Notice to be gi-vrn by C*»mmif-ssmtrs before paviivg ar y p.u»

ticuLar Square, &c.

Jrhibitanti of Cj 1 fli Square

may raise M> ncy for the Purpose #f new paving, <5cc. the same;

who shall be Creditors on the Rates Jaui upon the said Square,

and Interest paid them.

R ;te may he

01 the In-

bjhitant* of the said Square, to frpny the Mo-Area advanced.

Rate may bt aHi^ned,

Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall commence from the Time that such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so icceived as aforesaid, over and above any Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, herein after directed to be made for repairing, cleansing, and lighting such Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mcwfes, Alleys, Passages, and Places; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals, to atngn over and convey the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, of such particular Square, Street, or Ph.ce, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons who shall lend and advance their Money as aforesaid, as a Security for the Repayment thereof, together with Interest for the same; and the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to such Commissioners, shall, from Time to Time, keep the Accounts relating to such Rate and Assessment* and the Payment of thelnterest of the Monies borrowed, separate and distinct from the other Accounts of such Commissioners: And if any Sum or Sums of Money shall at any Time remain, over and above what shall be sufficient to pay such Interest ?.s aforesaid, then such Sum or Sums shall he applied towards paying off the Principal so advanced and received as aforesaid; and for that Purpose may be placed out at Interest on Government Securities, in the Name or Names of the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to such Commissioners, at such Time and in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall direct or appoint, until the same shall amount to the Sum of Five Hundred Pounds; which Sum shall be applied for and towards the Payment of the Money lent and advanced on the Rate of such particular Square, Street, or Place.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to authorise or impower the Commissioners for putting this Atft in Execution, to new pave any such particular Square, Street, or Place, upon Application made to them by the Inhabitants as aforesaid, unless One Month’s No.ice at the least of such Application shall be published in thtLc?idon Gazette, and also in One or more of the daily Newspapers; in which Notice the Owners of Houses, or the Occupiers thereof, having a Term of Seven Years or more in any House or Houses, in such particular Square, Street or Place, shall be required by himself, herself, or themselves, or by hw, her, or their Attorney or Attornies, Agent or Agents, to meet at the Time and Place in such Notice to be mentioned, to signify their Assent to, or Dilient from, the new paving such particular Square, Street, or Place, as shall be specified in such Notice; and also unless either printed Notice or Notice in Writing, shall be left at every House then occupied in such particular Square, Street, or Place, One Month at kalt before the Time of such Meeting; and also unlessThrce Fourths of the Owners or Occupiers of Houses, having a Tem of Seven Year* or more as aforesaid in such particular Square, Street, or Place, shall, by himself, herfedf, or themselves, or by his, her, or their Attorney or Attornies, Agent or Agents then present, consent thereto in Writing under their respective Hands; which Consent is hereby directed to be preserved and filed by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners.

LXI. ‘And whereas it is also apprehended, that the Owners and Occupiers of Houses in Cavendish Square, in the said Parish of Saint Mary le Boney may be willing and desirous to new pave, adorn, and beautify the said Square ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owners and Occupiers of the Houses in the said Square, or for any other Person or Persons whatsoever, to raise, from Time to Time, such competent Sum and Sums of Money as shall be sufficient to new pave, adorn, and beautify the said Square, in such Manner as Three Fourths of the Owners or Occupiers of Houses in the said Square shall be willing and delirous; and which Sum and Sums of Money, when so raised, shall be paid to such Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, or to such other Person or Persons as such Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall direct and appoint to receive the same; and for which such Person or Persons so advancing any such Sum or Sums of Money shall be Creditors; and the Principal and Interest shall be charged 2nd chargeable upon the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, to be made, laid, and assessed, upon the said Square for that Purpose, by virtue and in pursuance of this A; and which Money when so paid and received, shall be deposited in the Bank of England, and thence issued and applied by such Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, for new paving, adorning, and beautifying the said Square; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to agree to pay and allow legal or lower Interest Half-yearly to any Person or Persons who shall raise any such Sum or Sums of Money, to commence from the Time that such Sum or Sums of Money shall be received by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, or any other Person or Persons so by the said Commissioners appointed to receive the same.

LXII. And, in order to enable the said Commissioners so to do, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Time that such competent Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid and received for that Purpose, in Manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, yearly and every Year, or oftener if Occasion shall require, to make, lay, and assess, One or more Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, upon all and every Person or Persons who do and shall inhabit, hold, use, occupy, possess, or enjoy, any Land, Ground, House, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, within the said Square, for raising such competent Sum and Sums of Money, as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall, in their Discretion, judge necessary, for repaying the Money so raised and received, together with Interest for the same; which said Rate or Rates, Assessment or AlTeflrnents, shall commence from the Time that such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so received as aforesaid, over and above any Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, herein after directed to be made, for repairing, cleansing, and lighting the lame; and it shall and may be lawful to and fur the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals, toaflign over and convey the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, of the find Square, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons who shall lend or advance Money thereon, as a Security for the Repayment thereof, with Interest for the same; and the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to Cuch Commissioners, shall, from Time to Time, keep the Accoun| (relating to such Rates and 2 oy AJMinentf*

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 23.

7°7

be entered fn. Buck.

Assessments, and the Payment of the interest of the Money borrowed, separate and distinct from the other Accounts of such Commissioners; and if any Sum or Sums of Money shall, at any Time, remain, in, over, and above what shall be sufficient to beautify, adorn, and new pave the said Square, and pay such interest as aforesaid, then such Sum and Sums of Money shall be applied towards paying off the Principal so advanced and received as aforesaid; and for that Purpose may be placed out at interest, on Government Se-curites, in the Name or Names of the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to such Commissioners, at such Times and in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall direct and appoint, until the same shall amount to the Sum of Five hundred rounds; which Sum shall be applied for and towards the Payment of the Money lent and advanced as aforesaid.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act Com ml (Tinner* contained shall extend, orbeconftrued to extend, to authorise orimpowerthe Commissioners for putting this notimyouercdn Act in Execution to beautify and adorn the said Square, upon Application made to them by the Inhabitants cC*jrpr‘ as aforesaid, unless One Month’s Notice at the least of such Application shall he p'lblished in the London GdZette, and also in One or more of the daily Newt-papers; in which Notice the Owners of Houses, or t3 L.tubi -uw. the Occupiers thereof, having a Term of Seven Years or more in any House or Houses in Cavendish Square aforesaid, shall be required by himself, herfiflf, or themselves, or by his, her, or their Attorney or Attornies, Agent or Agents, to meet at the Time and Place in such Notice to be mentioned, to llgnify their Assent to or Distent from the new paving, beautifying, and adorning the said Square; and also unless either printed Notice, or Notice in Writing shall be left in every House then occupied in the said Square One Month at least before the Time of such Meeting; nor unless Three Fourths of the Owners and Occupiers of such Houses shall by himself, herself, or themselves, or by his, her, or their Attorney or Attornies,

Agent or Agents, then present, consent thereto in Writing under their respective Hands; which Consent is hereby directed to be preserved and filed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Copies of Assignments and Conveyances made in or by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept J for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerics to the said Commissioners j and all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Assignment and Conveyance shall be made, is and are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, by Assignment under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, and to be indorsed on the Back of his. her, or their Security, or by any other Writing or Writings which shall be executed in the Presence of Two or more credible Witnesses, to assign over and transfer his, her, or their Right, to the Principal and interest-money thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; all which Assignments or Transfers shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk or Clerks within Thirty Days next after the Date thereof; who shall cause an Entry of such Transfers or Assignments to be made, containing the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein mentioned to be assigned and transferr d, in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original Assignments and Conveyances, for which the said Clerk or Clerks, or One of them, shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and which said Book or Books shall and may, at all seasonable Times, be perused and inspected, without Fee or Reward, by any Person or Persons interestrd in such Security or Securities, Assignment or Assignments; and afier such Entry shall be made, such Assignment and Transfer shall intitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and such Assignoe may, in such Manner, assign or transfer again, and so toties qunties; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person who shall have made such Assignment or Transfer to make void or discharge the same, or any Monies due thereon.

LXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Preference shall be given to any All Creditor* Person or Persons advancing any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of this Act, in respect to the c1ual Priority of advancing the same; out that all Persons shall, in proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money by Dc8tcc% them advanced, be Creditors in an equal Degree One with another.

LXVI. And whereas by several Acts made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First,

and in the Eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne Bridge, in the County of ATidJlefex, or some or One of tlum, the Trustees acting by virtue of and under the said Acts, were impowered to compound and agree with the Parishes through which the Street or Road from Saint Giles's Pound to the Banqueting House Bridge, cared Oxford Street, doth lead, for a certain Sum of Money to be paid by the Inhabitants in lieu of Stntute- work for and towards the repairing the said Road or Street: And whereas the said Trustees were im- powered in and by the Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, to collect certain Sums in the said Act mentioned from the Inhabitants or Occupiers of Houses or other Buildings, Timber Yards, or Grounds contiguous to the said Street, for the Purpose of repairing the Pavement thereof: And whereas the several Parishes through which the said Road or Stre t,

called Oxford Street, leads, have agreed to compound, and do pay to the said Trustees the following Sums of Money annually, on lieu of Statute-work to be done on the said Road or Street; videlicet, the Parnh of Saint Anne, within the Liberty of IVijhninjh r, the Sum of Forty Pounds; the Parish of Saint James,

within the said Liberty, the Sum of Forty-two Pounds; the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square

within the said Liberty, the Sum of Seventy Pounds; and the Parish of Saint Mary lc Borte^ in the Ooun- tv of AH till ft x, the Sum of Seventy-five Pounds: And whereas there are several Buildings on the North Side of the said Street lending from the Banqueting House Bridge to Tyburn TurngUc, and several other Houses now building, and others likely to be soon built on the South Side thereof: And whereas it would tend greatly to the Benefit and Safety of the Inhabitants of the said Street, and of all Persons patting through the same, if the Pavements thereof were properly laid and regulated, the Streets freed from Nuisances and Obstructions, and kept clean, and lighted in a regular and uniform Manner Be it therefore enacted by

4X2

708 C.

Cert jin Rates on Inhabitants in Ox ord Street to CC-fl.

but to be collected to a cettam Time.

Part* of AOs re! uinjt to pa*

>:ng Oxford Sfceet repealed.

Particular Pi-riihe# not exempted from Payment for Statute-work.

Road from High Sireet, &c. to Tyburn, to be under Jurisdiction of Commissionoers.

Trustees of the said Road to pay annually 500 1. toComm IBonerr.

©n Default of Payment, Com-ir.issioners may take Possession of Turnpikes.

Application of the said 5001.

The f?me may

be assign<d for Monies borrowed.

23. Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First Day of "January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, the Rate or Rates, Assessment or AfliAments, m;*de upon the Inhabitants and Owners of Houses, Buildings, and Ground, in Oxford Street aforesaid, by the said Trustees, flull ceale and determine.

LXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That the said Trustees shall have Power to collect! the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments due to the said First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, and all Arrears due in respect thereof.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Parts of the said Act of the Seventh Year of His late Majesty King George the First, and of the Acts of the Eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, as relate to the new paving or keeping in Repair Oxford Street aforesaid, be, and they are hereby repealed.

LXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to prevent the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, Churchwarden or Churchwardens, OvCrfeer or Overseers of the Poor of the said Four Parishes aforementioned, from paying their respective Compoftrion-monies, in lieu of Statute-work to be done on the said Road or Street, to the said Trustees for putting the said Three several Acts in Execution; but that the same shall be paid from Time to Time in the Manner and at the Times they have heretofore been paid; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this A<S, the said Road or Street leading from High Street and Tottenham Court Road, to the present Turnpike-gate vxTyburn, shall be under the Care, Management, and Direction of the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, who shall cause the same to be paved, lighted, and cleansed with all convenient Speed; and that from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the fever.il Ad!s passed for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, as relate to the said Road or Street, shall be, and they are hereby repealed.

LXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in order to enable the said Commissioners effectually to pave, cleanfeT light, and keep the same, and every Part thereof, from Hgh Street and Tottenham Court Road to the present Turnpike-gate at Tybu n, in the several P^rilhes of Saint yfnm. Saint James, and Saint George Hanover Square, within the Liberty of Westminster, and Saint Mary le Bine, in the County of Middlesex, the Trustees for the Time being acting under the said Acts of the Seventh Year of His late Majesty King George the First, and the Eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and under any future Act or Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, by the said ACh directed to be repaired, or any Seven or more of them, shall pay or cause to be paid yearly and every Year during the Continuance of the said Acts, and of any future Act or Acts of Parliament for lepairing the said Road, to the said Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or any Seven or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as shall be by them, or any Five or more of them, authorised and appointed to receive the same, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain free from all Deductions whatsoever, by Four even and equal Quarterly Payments in the Year; that is to say, the Feast of Saint John the Baptist, Saint Michael the Archangel, the Birth of our Lord Chri/ly and the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary; the First Payment to begin and be made on the Feast Day of Saint John the Baptist now next ensuing, and which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and seventy; and if the said Payments, or any Parts or Part thereof, shall be behind and unpaid for the Space of Fourteen Days next after the same shall become due and payable, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, or for such Person or Persons as they, or any Seven or more of them, shall appoint, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to seize and take Possession of any Turnpike Gate or Gates upon any Part or Parts of the said Road, and to collect and receive the Tolls by the said Acts, any or either of them, authorised to be taken thereat, until the Sum or Sums so remaining due and unpaid, and all reasonable Charges attending such Seizure, taking Possession, and Collection, Hail be fully paid, satisfied, and discharged, and no longer.

LXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said annual Sum of Five hundred Pounds, together with the Rate herein after directed to bee assessed and levied, shall be applied by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, in paving or keeping in Repair, cleansing, lighting, and regulating the said Road or Street from High Street and Tottenham Court Road, to the present Turnpike at Tyburn, in the said several Parishes of Saint Anne, Saint James, and Saint George Hanover Square, within the Liberty of Westminster^ and Saint Mary le Bene^ in the County o$ Middlesex, and the several other Squares, Streets, LaneSj Courts, Yards, Mewses, Alleys, Passages, and Places, under the Care and Management of the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, and to and for no other Purpose whatsoever.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven ormoreof them, may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered from Time to Time to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money, upon the Credit of the said annual Sum of Five hundred Pounds so to be paid by virtue of this Act to the said Commissioners for putting the same into Execution; and to oflign over and convey the same, or any Part or Parts thereof, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals, or the Hands and Seals of any Nine or more of them, at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose $ the Charges of such Assignment or Assignments, Conveyance or Conveyances to be raid out of the said annual Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to any Person or Persons who {ha!I advance or lend the Monies thereon, as Security or Securities for the several Sums that shall be borrowed, and the Interest thereof as aforesaid; and Copies of all such Alignments and Conveyances shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners \ and all and

I every

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo GEORGII III.' C. 23. 709

every Person and Persons to whom any such Assignment and Conveyance shall be made as aforesaid, is and Aflienments to are hereby impowered from Time to Time, by Alignment under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, to be ^e,cd m indorsed on the Back of his, her, or their Security, or by any other Writing or Writings under his, her, 00 or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals (which shall be executed in the Presence of Two or more credible Witnesses) to assign over and transfer his, her, or their Right to the Principal and Interest Money there- Afl^nmentf by secured, to any Person or Persons, whatsoever; all which /Alignments and Transfers shall be produced may be tuns# and notified to the Clerk or Clerks within Thirty Days next after the Date thereof, who shall causean En- ,er<;d* try to be made of such Alignments and Transfers; which Entry shall contain the Date, Names of the Parties,-and Sum or Sums of Money therein mentioned to be aligned and transferred, in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the original Alignments, for which the Clerk or Clerks, or One of them, shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and which said Book or Books shall and may, at all seasonable Times, beperufed and inspected without any Fee or Reward; and after such Entry made, such Alignment or Transfer shall imiclc such Alignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Aligns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon, and such Alignee may in like Adanner align or transfer again, and so toties quoties\ and i t shall not be in the Power of any Person who shall have made such Alignrmnt or Transfer to make void, relcafe, or discharge the same, or any Monies there-

On ^Ue* ft t m

LXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Term of the said Acts yrticLU Atf* of the Seventh of King George IIe First, and the Eighth and Twenty-ninth of His late Majesty King George enlarged, the Second, shall not be further continued by Act of Parliament, from the Expiration of the present sub- Commissioners filling Term thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, may crest immediately after the Expiration of the present fuWilling Term, or at the Expiration of any other further ^urn Tutn- Term, to causeany Gate or Gates to be erected or continued at or near the Place where the present Turn- pikcUft"ndi!n* pike at Tyburn ffands, and to take and receive the respective Tolls authorised by the said Act> to be taken P and received at the said Turnpikes, in Manner and under the Penalties, Authorities, and Indemnities in the said Acts mentioned; and to apply the same in paving, or keeping in Repair, cleansing, lighting, and regulating the said Road or Street from High Street and Tottenham Court Road to the present Turnpike-gate at Tyburn, in the said several Parishes of Saint Anne, Saint James, and Saint George Hanover Square, within the Liberty of Westminster, and the Parish of Saint Mary U Bone, in the County of Middlesex.

LXXV. And, for the better enlightening the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mcwfes, Lamp* to be fct Alleys, Passages, and Places, it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for up, &c. the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time to cause such and lo many Lamps to beset up in such Places within the Limits aforesaid, and to be placed in such Manner and at such Distances as they shall judge necessary, not exceeding Sixty Feet; and may contract or agree with any Person or Persons for such Lamps, or may find and provide the same if they shall think fit, and also may contract or agree with any Person or Persons for the lighting, supplying, maintaining, and repairing such Lamps, and appoint how and where the said Lamps shall be placed, according to the Limitation aforesaid, and at what Time and how long the said Lamps shall be and continue lighted and burning, so that the same shall be lighted at Sun-setting, and continue burning till Sun-rising; and what Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid to the Person or Persons so to be contrafted or agreed with to light* maintain, and repair the said Lamps; provided that no such Contract or Agreement shall be for a longer Term than Three Years from the Commencement thereof.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to Lamp.iron* to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to order and direef Lamp-irons to be put be affixed ^ainfr or affixed against the Walls of all or any of the several Houses or Tenements within the Limits aforesaid, Wall, &c. or into, upon, or against the Rails before the Area, or in such Manner and in such other Place as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper and convenient: And if any Person re"a!ty on or Persons shall wilfully take away, break, throw down, or damage any Lamp that shall be fct up so.* the ,ng

Purposes of enlightening any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alewfes, Alievs, \ Passages, or Places, or wilfully extinguish the Light or Lights within the same, or throw down or damage the Irons or other Furniture thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to seize, as also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing, the Offender or Offenders, and by Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey and deliver him, her, or them into the Custody of a Peace-officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, or City and Liberty of JVjhninfler, as the Case shall be; and such Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produceJ to give Information or Evidence touching such Offence (which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorised and required to administerj; and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her, or their Confession, or upon such Information or Evidence as aforesaid, he. Hie, or they so convicted, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for each Lamp or Lamp-iron so broken, thrown down, and damaged, or for every Lamp so extinguished as aforesaid, and moreover shall make full Satisfaction to the said CommissoiKrs, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Seven or more of t icm, shall appoint to receive the lame, for the Damage so by him, her, or them done as aforesaid; and in c.ffc such Offender or Offenders shall not on Conviction pay such Qn Forfeiture, and make such Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Justice is heichy required to commit him, her, m"nt J^rCIJ}*er or them to the House of Correction for the said County, or City and Liberty of Westminster, there to be tG fcecommmei. kept to hard Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, nor less than Seven Days; and such Offender or Offender.; shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which tie,

Ihe, or they shall he so committed, unlei's such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner and and given.

Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 17

r

for Footways rtuy be lodged.

71O C. 23.

Tcifons acciden-

LXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons Lonps*"o^make carelessly or accidentally break, throw down, or damage any Lamp or Lamps, hung out or set up by

sVifSua.ou. Order of the said Commissioners, within the Limits aforesaid, or the irons or other Furniture thereof, and shall not immediately, upon Demand, make Satisfaction for the Damage done thereto; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any One Justice of the Peace in and for the said County, or City and Liberty respectively, upon Complaint to him made by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to summon before him the Party dr Parties who shall be complained of for doing such Da* mages as aforesaid; and upon hearing the Allegations and Proofs on both Sides, or Nonappearance of the Party or Parties so complained of, to award such Sum or Sums of Money, by way of Satisfaction to the 01 Nonpayment, Owner of such Lamp or Lamps, or to the said Commissioners, as the Case shall be, (or such Damages, as iruy be levied, such Justice shall think reasonable; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to pay any Sum or Sums of Money so awarded, within Ten Days after Demand, to cause the same to be levied as Fines, Penalties, and For* feitures are by this Act herein after directed to be levied.

£rrr£ce LXXym. And it is hereby further enacted, That every Occupier of any House or Tenement within C* nCC the Limits aforesaid, and, in respect to Inmates, every House-owner, shall Once in Every Day, between the Hours of Eight and Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon of each Day, ferape, sweep, and cleanse the Foot-way all along the Front of their respective Houses and Tenements, or cause the same to be feraped, swept,^ and cleansed; and in Default thereof shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Two Shillings; to be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County, or City and Liberty of Westminster refneltively, upon the Oaths of Two or more credible Witnesses, which Oath the said Justice or Justices of the Peace is and v. are hereby required and impowered to administer.

ere a.ena*

LXXIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That during the Time any Square, S reet, Lane, Court, Yard, Mews, Alley, Passage, or Place, shall be new-paving or repairing, under the Dire£\ion of the said Commissioners, they shall have Power to order the necessary Materials to be lodged in that or any adjoining Street or Place, or Streets or Places, according to their Discretion, as also to flop the Way through any adjacent Square, Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Mews, Alley, Passage, or Place, so long as they shall judge necessary; and all Persons alting under their Direction as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified from any Prosecution or Actioft whatsoever, except where such Materials shall be lodged upon, or over, or within Six Feet of the Fire-plug or Cock; and no such Materials shall be deposited in or near the End of any narrow Street or Place, in such Manner as to prevent the Admission of tire Engines.

Sune

LXXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at j uc uncy*any Time or Times from and after the passing of this Act, obstruct, hinder, or molest, any Surveyor or Surveyors* or ocher Officer or Officers, Person or Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be employed by the said Commissioners to nut this Act in Execution, in the Performance or Execution of their Duty; every Person or Persons so offending, shall, for the First Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings, for the Second Offence, the Sum of Forty Shillings, and for the Third and every other Offence, the Sum of Three Pounds.

LXXXf. And whereas there is not in the said Parish of Sint Mary U Bone, any sufficient Authority by Law for any Person or Persons to examine Weights and Measures, by reason whereof great Incoii- venieneies may arise to the Inhabitants thereof \ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby required at their First Meeting, or as soon after as conveniently may be, and on or before the First Day of Afrit, in every succeeding Year, to make a List in Writing of a sufficient Number of House-holders residing within the said Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, whom they the said Commissioners shall /think fitly qualified for that Purpose; and such Commissioners shall direct and order their Clerk or Clerks, to issue Summonses in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, or in Print, and signed by the said Clerk or Clerks, requiring such Inhabitants, being Householder$v to be and appear before the said Commissioners, at the Time and Place in such Summons to be mentioned; and such Commissioners shall and may nominate and appoint so many as they shall think proper, not exceeding the Number of Constables in the said Parish of Saint Mary le Bone\ and that the several Persons so nominated and appointed, shall be, and be called Inspelfors of Weights, Balances, and Measures, within the said Parish; and shall take an Oath to the Effect following (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer):

Penalty on ob-

Inspetfnr* of Weights and Measures to be «j>poiated»

InfptAorf'Oath. c ▼ AB do swear. That during the Time of my Continuance in the Office whereunto I am now ap- JL pointed, I will diligently, from Time to Time, inspect the Weights, Balances, and Measures, in the several Houses and Shops, in this Parish; and that I will not nrefent any Person or Thing through c Hatred or Malice, nor leave the same unpresented through Love, Favour, or Affeltion.

So help me G 0 D>

Pc»alty on Per-

LXXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person, who son* rctufing to shall {U(Umoned as aforesaid to take upon him the said Office of an Inspector of Weights, Balances, ierve as ini^et- and Measures, shall neglect or refuse to appear according to the Direction of such Summons, or appearing shall refuie to take upon him the said Office (being thereunto appointed) every Person so offending, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds; which said Sum shall be set upon him by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, by way of Fine for such his Contempt or Refusal to take upon him the said Office, and shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

LXXXIIE And

e

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 23.711

LXXXIII. And, in order to enable the said Inspectors effectually to prevent the dealing by or with un- to in*

lawful Weights, Balances, or Measures, within the said Parish of Saint Mary le Bone; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Inspectors shall be, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, * and fhictiv required, Once in every Month at the least, at seasonable Times in the Day-time, not being kfs than Four in Number, to enter into all and every Shop, House, or Warehouse, Inn, or Victualling-house, within the said Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, or into any other House or Houses belonging to any Person or Persons that deal by Weight or Measure, as well of Milk as other Measures; and if the said Inspectors shall find any Weight, Balance, or Measure to be defective, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Inspectors, and they are hereby directed and required to break and destroy the same, and to Penalty on Per-amerce the Owner or Owners thereof, or such Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession the same (°ns. u,in8 stort fhrdl be found, the Sum of Ten Shillings for the First Offence, the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Se- Wc,*hu> &c* conJ Offence, and the Sum of Forty Shillings for the Third and every other Offence; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required so to do, within One Month n xt after such Person or l ersons is, are, or shall be, convicted of such Second and every subse- °£f

quest Offence, to cause his, her, or their Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode, and Addition or fabfequem of-Additions, together with the Nature of his, her, or their Offence, to be inserted in the Daily Advertiser; fence, to be i»-and the Proprietor or Proprietors, Printer and Printers, or any other Person or Persons concerned therein, fcrted in the are hereby air honied and required to print the same, within Three Days next after he, she, or they, is or Dai1* Advc,t‘fer* are required To to do by, or by order of the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them; and he, she, or they, is and are hereby indemnified from any Prosecution or Prosecutions for inserting or causing the same to be inserted in the said Daily Advertiser, by and from any Person or Persons whatsoever; any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who shall frfaaon1 not be nominated and appointed, and shall serve the said Office of an Inspector within the said Parish, shall seven^arV1* be again summoned or appointed to serve the said Office in kfs than Seven Years after the End of such vcn eais* former Service.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person within the said Pa- £.err°n* ahcve rish shall be liable or compelled to serve the said Office of an Inspedfor, who is of the Age of Sixty ^J not tw Years or upwards; any Thing in this Adb contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and Standards of kept at the Court-house in the said Parish a common Balance, and common Weights and Measures seal- Weights, &c cd, according to the Standard of the Exchequer; which said Balance, Weights, and Measures, shall be be kept at paid for out of any of the Monies in the Hands of the Taid Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Commis- °url" ou c* iioners for the Time king.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to Cop#miflwnfr* and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at any Meeting or Meetings to be held p^nTiomitk in pursuance of this Act, to appoint One or more Person or Persons to attend at the said Court-house, wr.ghts, Uz. to mark all Weights and Measures, of what Nature or Kind soever, in Manner herein after directed.

LXXXVIII. 1 rovided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That such Commissioners, ofandrcmore any Seven or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to remove them and jp-such Person or Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, when and so often as they shall judge necessary; in Poll,t alter*. which Case, or if such Cither or Officers shall die, such Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may appoint any other Person or Persons in his or their Room or Stead, so being removed or dying, as aforesaid.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so soon-as such coni- Notice m be pinion Balance, Weights, and Measures are provided, according to the Standard of the Exchequer, and VC;1 /or such Officer or Officers appointed as aforesaid, such Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall *c*to bt cause public Notice to be given in the Church belonging to the said Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, (which c

Notice the Minister and Curate of the said Parish is and are hereby required to read and give, or cause to be read and given) and also by Writing to be affixed on One of the Doors of the said Church, for all and every the Inhabitants of the said Panih dealing by Weights or Measures, as well of Milk as other Measures of what Nature or Kind soever, to bring in their said Weights and Measures, between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the P'orcnoon and Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, to the said Court-house, to be sized, Tealed, marked, and stamped, in Manner herein after directed, within Thirty Days from the Time of such publick Notice so to be given as aforesaid; and from and after the Expiration of the said Thirty Days, such Officer or Officers shall attend at the said Court-house every Monday^ or oftener if needful, for the Purposes aforesaid; of which Attendance he aiul they is and are hereby required to cause publick Notice to be given in and affixed upon the Door of the uid Parish Church, in Manner aforesaid, Four Times in the Year at least.

XC. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Officer or Officers so to be pp- rtffiepo to mark pointed as aforesaid, is and are hereby required, upon Application to him or them made, to ii/.c and teal, &c.

and also mark or stamp, all Weights and Measures which shall be brought to him for that Purposf, and which shall be agreeable to the Standard of the Exchequer aforesaid; and the said Officer or Officers shall demand and receive for each Weight and Measure so by him or them ftaled and marked as aforesaid, for their Pains and Trouble therein, the Fees following, and no more; that is to say.

For every Bushel, Four-pence.

For every Half Bushel, Two-pence.

For every Peek,-Half PeGk, and Quarter Peck, One Penny.

Fees for the same.

7 12 C. 23.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

A.D.

1770.

Application of Money,

Inspeflot may be fined.

For every Sack, Two-pence.

For every Ale, Beer, and Milk Measure, One Farthing.

For every Hundred Weight, Four-pence.

For every Half Hundred Weight, Two-pence.

For every Weight from Half a Hundred to One Pound, One Halfpenny.

For every Weight under One Pound, One Farthing.

And all Weights and Measures belonging to Persons dealing by Weight or Measure within the said Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, which shall not, within Thirty Days from such public Notice, be marked or stamped in Manner before directed,'shall be deemed unlawful; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Inspectors, or any Four or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and required to destroy all such unlawful Weights and Measures, and to amerce the Owner or Owners thereof, or the Person in whose Custody or Possession the same shall be found, in such Sum or Sums of Money as they, in their Discretion, shall think proper, not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Five Shillings for every Offence.

XCI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officer or Officers so to be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, after all necessary Charges and Expences attending the fizing, sealing, marking, and (lamping, such Weights and Measures as aforesaid shall have first been deduced, shall, and he or they is and are hereby required and directed, Half-yearly, within One Calendar Month next after the Expiration of every Half Year, to pay or cause to be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to the said Commissioners, One Moiety of the clear Money arising from, or on account of such fizing, sealing, marking, or damping as aforesaid, to be applied to and for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution.

XCII. And, to the Intent that the good Purposes intended by this Act may not be defeated, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Inspector shall, in any Manner, neglect or refuse to execute the Duty of his Office, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, upon Complaint to them made of any such Neglect or Refusal, to fine such Inspector, for every such Offence or Neglect, the Sum of Forty Shillings.

Rates may be XCIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this laid for the Pur- Act, One or more Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall, for the Purpose of repairing, cleansing, pofcsof this Act, an(j lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mcwfes, Alleys, railages, and liaces within the Limits aforesaid, be made, laid, and assessed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or any Seven or more of them. Once in every Year, or oftener if they shall judge it needful, upon all and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, use, occupy, possel's, or enjoy any Land, Ground, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, in any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewses, Alleys, Passages, or Places, in such competent Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall order and direct; so as such Rate or Rates, not to exceed i*. Assessment or Assessments do not exceed, in the Whole, the Sum of One Shilling and Six-pence in the 6d. in the Pound. Pound in any One Year, according to the yearly Rent or Value of such Lands, Grounds, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, situate as aforesaid.

Commencement XCIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said First Rate or Rates, Assess-

of the Rate;. ment or Assessments, shall commence from the said First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy; and every such future Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall commence from the Time that the last preceeding Rates or Assessments ended, and not otherwise; and the Monies therein and thereby charged and act’effect, shall be payable and recoverable quarterly in Manner herein after directed. Where any XCV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so soon as the said Corn-Square, &c. aremissioners shall have caused any Square, Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Mews, Alley, Passage, or Place new paved,_an within the Limits aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof, to be new paved, it shall and may be lawful to jnd for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, as soon as conveniently may be, and so in like Manner yearly, or oftener if Occasion shall require, to make, lay, and assess, upon all and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, use, occupy, possess, or enjoy any such Land, Ground, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament respectively, as far as such new Pavement shall extend (excepting such Squares, Streets, and Places as shall be new paved at the Request of Three Fourths of the Inhabitants of any such Square, Street, or Place, in the Manner herein before directed/ a further Sum, not exceeding Sixpence in the Pound of the yearly Rent or Value of such Lands, Grounds, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments respectively, to commence from the Time that such new Pavement shall be respectively completed.

Money tnay be XCVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and borrowed on the for the Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby impowered, from Time additional Rite. to Time, when they shall judge it necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money as any Person or Persons is or are willing to lend and advance upon the Credit of the said additional Rate or Assessment of Sixpence in the Pound; and by any Writing or Writings upon Vellum or Parchment, signed by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more 01 them, to assign the said additional Rate or Assessment to any Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Money thereon, as a Security or Securities for the several Sums so borrowed, with Interest for the same; which Interest shall be payable and paid Half-yearly, by the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being out of the Monies to arise by or from the said additional Rate or Assessment.

XCVII. Anl

additional Rate may be laid on Inhabitants.

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 23. 713

XCVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Sum or Sums of Money, Application of when so received by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at any Meeting to be held in MonK,# pursuance of this Act, or by their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, the same shall be deposit-

ed in the Bank of England, and thence issued and applied by such Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, for the new paving any Square, Street, or Place within the Limits aforesaid.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be entered in a Book or Books, to be for that Securities U

Purpose provided and kept by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, all Securities for Monies Cnteic*,n

borrowed by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, and all Alignments or Transfer thereof, expressing, in Words at Length, the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode, and other Descriptions, of all such Persons as shall, from Time to Time, be intituled to such Securities, and the Sums received upon such Securities; to which Book or Books the Persons intituled thereto, and all and every Person or Persons liable to the Payment of the said Rates and Assessments, shall, at all seasonable Times, have Access, with free Liberty to inspect the same without Fee or Reward; and the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to such Commissioners shall, from Time to Time, keep the Accounts relating to such additional Rate or Assessment, and the Payment of the Interest of the Money borrowed, separate and distinct from the other Accounts of such Commissioners; and if any Sum or Sums of Money shall at any Time remain, over and above what shall be sufficient to pay such Interest, then such Sum or Sums of Money shall be applied towards paying off the Principal so borrowed as aforesaid, and for that Purpose may be placed out at Interest on Government Security, in the Name or Names of the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to such Commissioners, at such Time and in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall direct or appoint, until the same shall amount to the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; which Sum shall be applied for and towards the Payment of the Money lent and advanced on such additional Rate; and no preference, either in the Payment of Interest or Principal, shall ah Creditor* be given to any Person or Persons whatsoever on account of the Priority of advancing any such Sum or deemed equal Sums, but that each Person shall be a Creditor, in equal Degree, according to the Sum or Sums so by ‘"Degree, him, her, or them lent and advanced as aforesaid.

XCIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Securities may Persons intituled to any of the Securities aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Grbc lransfoi?r€^ Assigns, at any Time or Times, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands respectively, to af-sign or transfer such Securities, by Indorsement on the Back thereof, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, and witnessed by Two Witnesses, and so toties quoties, and such Assignments and Transfers, af er they shall be respectively entered in the Book or Books of the said Commissioners in Manner aforesaid, shall intitle the Person or Persons to whom they shall be respectively made, and his, her, and their respective Executors* Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security or Securities so assigned or transferred.

C. And it is hereby further enacted, That where any of the Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach- Wow empty houses. Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall, at the Time of making any Hous«,^e. of the said Rates or Assessments, be empty, untenacted, or unoccupied; then, and in every such Case, itto shall and may be lawful to and for the (ayi Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to rate and affds such Premises respectively at One Half of such Rates or Assessments during the Time only that such Premises shall be empty, untenacted, or unoccupied; and also in case any such Premises, after the making of such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall become empty, untenacted, or unoccupied. One Half only of such Rate or Assessment shall be charged on such Premises respectively for and during so Jong a Time as the same shall continue empty, untenacted, and unoccupied; and then, and in any of the said cases, the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, and all Arrears due thereon, shall be paid by the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, or by the First or any other Tenant or Occupier thereof; and in which last Case such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall and may, and Is and are hereby authorised to deduct and detain the same out of his, her, or their Rent or Rents respectively; and the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of such Premises, is and are hereby required.to allow such Deduction and Payment upon Receipt of the Residue of his, her, or their respective Rents; and the said Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers shall be, and is and are hereby acquitted and discharged of and from so much of his, her, or their Rent, as the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, and all Arrears due thereon, and so paid by him, her, or them, shall amount unto.

CI. And whereas there are many Houses, Buildings, Stables, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, Here- Landlord*, &c.

ditaments, and Premises, within the Limits aforesaid, which are taken on Leases for Years, or other- }* Houses, s*c.

«n Ct» o f*i /I Kxf f ViP T p(Tp<»c nr'l' Pnonte onrl n 1 Cr\ krr T o r\rl 1 r\r/t o /m» f^nrrw>i>. I af /\..f in Parr>a]« ronnmfn able tQ ItC

wife, and by the Lessees or Tenants, and also by Landlords or Owners, let out in Parcels or separate ^tcV°

Apartments to Under-tenants, and other Houses and Premises let ready furnishfed to Lodgers ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lessee, Landlord, Owner, or Proprietor of each and every such House, Building, Stable, Land, Ground, Tenement, or Hereditament so let out, or which shall be let out in Parcels or separate Apartments, or ready furnished t* a Lodger or Lodgers, shall be deemed and taken as the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, and shall be liable and subject to the Payment of the Rates or Assessments directed by this Act to be made, raised, and levied, according to the yearly Rent or Value of such Premises.

CII. And, for the more cafy Recovery of such Rates or Assessments, be it further enacted by the Au- Occupiers to thority aforesaid, That each and every Person so renting or occupying any such Parcel or separate Apart- P*7 the Rite*, ment as aforesaid, shall be liable and compellable to the Payment of the said Rates or Assessments, and all Arrears due thereon; to be recovered in Manner hereafter directed.

CIII. Provided always, That each and every respective Occupier or Occupiers who shall pay such re- bmt0 also*

spective Rates or Assessments, and any Arrears due thereon, or from whom the same shall be recovered in ,rl

714 C. 23. Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

pursuance of this Act, shall and may deduct the same from and out of the next or any other Rent due

and payable from him, her, or them, to such respective Lessee, Landlord, Owner, or Proprietor; and the Receipt for such Payment shall be a sufficient Discharge for such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, to his, her, or their Landlord, for such Money as he, she, or they shall pay, or shall be levied on the Goods and Chattels of him, her, or them by virtue of this Act.

Rat« onHonfe*, CIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Rate, Tax, or Assessment

AM.ba^dors/to wh*ch {h^H he made, laid, or assessea by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of any House, Building, be »aiA by the Land, Ground, Tenement, Hereditament, or Premises which any Ambassador or Resident, Agent, or Landlords, other publick Minister of any foreign Prince or State now doth or hereafter shall inhabit, shall be paid by the Landlord, Lessee, Owner, or Proprietor of every such House, Building, Land, Ground, Tenement, Hereditaments, or Premises respectively, who shall be liable and compellable to the Payment thereof, and shall be recovered in Manner herein after directed. ruMick Build- CV. And for as much as it is reasonable that all publick Buildings, and all dead Walls and void Spa-ir>g* and dead Ces of Ground, shall be rated and assessed in a due Proportion towards the Paving, Cleansing, and Enlight-^:^jIsl0bc ening within the Limits aforesaid; it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and rate ’ for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at their Discretion, and they are hereby re-

quired, from Time to Time, to rate and assess towards the Purposes of this Act, all Parish-churches, Parochial and other Chapels, Meeting-houses, Schools, Markets, Warehouses, and all other publick Buildings whatsoever (charged or not charged to the Land-tax) situate, {landing, and being in any Square, Street, or Place within the Limits aforesaid, which now is or are, or hereafter may be built or in building, at a Rate not exceeding One Shilling and Six-pence in the Pound, according to the clear yearly Income arising from such Parish-church, Parochial and other Chapels, Meeting-houses, Schools, Markers, Warehouses, and other publick Buildings respectively; and where there is not any such clear yearly Income, or the same cannot be fully ascertained, then, and in either of the said cases, the same shall be charged and assessed at a Rate not exceeding Sixpence per square Yard in any One Year of the Pavement paved or repaired under the Direction of the said Commissioners, and situate, lying, and being in any such Square, Street, or Place, and belonging to such Parish-church. Parochial or other Chapel, Meeting-house, School, Warehouse, or other publick Building; and the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them shall also, at their Discretion, yearly, or oftener if needful, assess all Church-yards, dead Walls, and void Spaces of Ground, towards the Purposes aforesaid, and which are not charged in respect of any Dwelling-house or other Building, by the Pound Rate or otherwise by virtue of this Act; so that in the Whole such Rate or Assessment malT not, in any One Year, exceed the Sum of four-pence for every square Yard of Pavement paved or repaired under the Direction of the said Commissioners, situate as aforesaid, or belonging to or lying before such Church-yards, dead Walls, or void Spaces of Ground; which Rates and Assessments shall commence the First Day of January One thousand seven hundred and fe-By 'whom said venty; and the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments to be made and paid for such Parish-church, Rate* to be paid. Church-yards, and Parochial Chapels, shall be paid by the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens respective*-ly out of any of the Monies payable to and received by the said Churchwardens or Chapelwardens reflectively, either for Seats in the said Church or Chapels, or for Burial-fees: And the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments to be made and paid for any other Chapel, Meeting-house, School, Market, Warehouse, or other publick Building, dead Wall, or void Space of Ground, shall be paid by the respective Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, and shall be charged and chargeable on the said Premises, and be recovered and applied in such Manner as other Rates and Assessments are directed to be recovered and applied by this Act.

CVI. And whereas there are several Houses and other Buildings within the Limits aforesaid, fre- questly begun to be built, but are not finished nor let: And forasmuch as it is reasonable that such ‘ Houses and Buildings should be rated and assessed for the Purposes aforesaid / be it therefore enacted* tfnfiniflied That until such Houses or other Buildings, which now are, or hereafter may be built, or in building* Houses, &c. to shall be finished and tenacted (if the Street, Square, Lane, or other Place, wherein such House or other pay to the Rates.Building shall be situate, shall be paved and lighted by virtue and in pursuance of this Act) it shall and may be lawful to and for such Commissioners as aforesaid, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby required and directed, when and as soon as conveniently may be, to rate and assess, according to their Discretion, all such Houses and other Buildings which shall be situate within the Limits aforesaid, and which are or shall be erected and covered in, at a Rate not exceeding Four-pence for every square Yard or Ground paved or to be paved by virtue of this Act, and belonging to the Fronts or Sides of such Houses or other Buildings; and for all Houses and other Buildings which are or shall be erected, and not covered in, at a Rate not exceeding Two-pence for every square Yard of Ground, paved or to be paved by virtue of this Act, and belonging to the Fronts or Sides of such Houses or ocher Buildings, Mow and by until the same ilia! 1 be covered in as aforesaid; and then at a Rate not exceeding Four-pence for every whom payable* square Yard, until the same shall be let or occupied; which Rates or Assessments shall commence from the First Day of January^ One thousand seven hundred and seventy, and shall he paid by and recoverable from the Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Liflecs, Owner or Owners of such House or Houses, Building or Buildings respectively, and shall be charged and chargeable on the said Premises; and if the said Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lcifees, shall refuse or neglect to pay the same upon Demand, then, and in every such Case, such Rate or Rates, AirdTment or A fib Aments, and all Arrears due thereon, shall and may be levied on the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so required to pay the same, in Manner herein after directed; and in case the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees of such House or Houses, Building or Building;, Hull not be known* or cannot be found, or shall be under Comnuftion of Bankruptcy, then the said Rate or Rates, Assessment

A.D. 177a*

Anno decimo Georgii III.

c. 23- 2iS

ment or Assessments made thereon, shall and be remain charged and chargeable on the said Premises, until the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees can be found, or until Assignee;?, in case of Bankruptcy, are appointed, when the same, and all Arrears due thereon, shall be levied on the Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Lessee or Lessees, or upon the Goods and Chattels of such Assignee or Assignees, who is and are hereby made liable to pay the same, or Upon the said Premises, in like Manner as other Rates made by virtue of this Act are made recoverable.

CVII. And whereas there are and hereafter may be several new Streets and Places which are not pav- ed, Part of which is built and in building, and small Pieces or Parcels of Ground in several of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mcwfes, Alleys, Passages, and Places, within the Limits aforesaid unbuilt upon, which are neither paved, cleansed, nor lighted: And whereas it wou’d be a Means of greatly forwarding the good Purposes intended by this Act, if Builders or others, who by Law are liable to pave the same, were to pay such Sum or Sums of Money for that Purpose, as is herein after diredLd, to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or to their Treal’urer or Treasurers for the Time being, or to such other Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and If Commission* for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to view and inspect any Square, Street, Lane, ersjud^eanjr Court, Yard, Mews, Alley, Passage, or Place, within the Limits aforesaid, which now is, or hereafter may be built upon, or in building; and if upon such View they shall be of Opiniun that the same, or repaired!^ any Part or Parts thereof, is or are fit and proper to be paved, the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act after such View, shall and may order their Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons by them appointed for that Purpose, to give Notice to the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees of any such Land, Ground,

House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Tenement, or Hereditament, in any such Square, Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Mews, Alley, Passage. or Place, or leave the same at his, her* or their last or usual Place of Abode, or with his or their known Servant or Servants, or if no such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees can be found, then such Notice shall be (luck against the said Premises, or any Part thereof; which Notice shall require such Owner or Owners, Pro- ^u,rc Inb;,b,‘

' prietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, to meet such Commissioners at the Time and Place therein men- pound tioned, not being less than Ten Days from the Date of such Notice, to compound for the paving thereof for the ravin* at any Sum not exceeding Three Shillings for every square Yard of such Pavement, whether Carriageway or Footway; which Composition the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby on NeS !e&, authorised to make; and if such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, shall not Companion maj attend, or shall not compound or agree with the said Commissioners as aforesaid, then it shall and may be bc icfled« lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to order the same to bc paved a3 soon as conveniently may be; and all the Charges and Expences attending such paving shall be paid by the respective Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, and shall be recovered and levied upon their Goods and Chattels in the Manner herein after directed.

CVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to impower the said Commissioners to charge or make chargeable ^?cn how tVbc any One Proprietor, Owner, or Lessee of such vacant Ground, with more than Two hundred qua re charged. Yards of Paving, on account of any such vacant Ground in any One Square, Street, or Place, until the same shall be built upon, or shall be in building,

CIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk or Clerks for the Time 9ler!cs to mak< being to the said Commissioners shall, and he or they is and are hereby required to keep proper Entries in Entncs ot Rates« a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and signed by the said Commissioners who shall have made such Rates and Assessments respectively, of all and Angular the Rates and Assessments which they shall make, by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes aforesaid; to which Book or Books every Person liable to pay the said Rates or Assessments shall and may have free Access, at all convenient Times, and shall be permitted to inspect the same, without Fee or Reward.

CX. And, for the better and more effectual raising and levying the Rates and Assessments directed to be On Refusal to made by this Act, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the Inhabitants or Pay Rite,»hft^ Occupiers, or any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, of any Land, Ground, to recoverc House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, within the Limits aforesaid, and herein before made liable to pay any Rate or Assessment made, laid, or assessed by virtue of this Act, shall refuse or negledi to pay the Money rated and assessed upon him, her, or them respectively, and all Arrears due thereon; it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector or Collectors appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to collect and levy such Rates or Assessments, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, or City and Liberty of as the Case shall be, and all Arrears due

upon the said Rates or Assessments, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party so nc-gledling or refusing, which shall be found either within the Limits aforesaid, or elsewhere; and if within rh e Days next after such Distress shall be made, the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, together with all Arrears due thereon, shall not be paid, together with the reasonable Charges of taking and keeping the same, the said Collector or Collectors shall cause the said Goods to be npprailed and fold, or such Part thereof as shall be sufficient to pay the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, together with all Arrears due thereon, and the reasonable Charges of making such Distress, and of keeping and felling the same; returning the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels respectively.

Rates may be sued ter in the Name of the Treasurer,

No Contract for paving, &c. to be void by this Act.

7*$ C. 23. Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

CXI. And whereas it may happen that many Persons liable to, and who may be charged, rated, and assessed, towards defraying the Expence of paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the said Squares 1 Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewses, Alleys, raflages, and Places, may, before the Payment of the Sums which may be rated on them respectively, quit and leave their Lands, Grounds, Dwell ing-houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Square, Street, or Place where the same shall be rated and assessed, and remove to some other Square, Street, or Place, which is not within the Limits aforesaid, and thereby endeavour to mole red'7 to fc* 4 avo^ the Payment of the said Rates and Assessments be it therefore enacted, That when any Person / or Persons who hath or have been so rated and assessed, shall quit his, her, or their Land, Ground, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, in any Square, Street, or Place, wherein such Rate or Assessment has been made, before he, she, or they shall have paid the same, and shall afterwards refuse to pay the same when due and demanded by the Collector or Collectors authorised and appointed to receive the same; that then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collector or Collectors, or any One of them, by Warrant obtained under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more Justices of the reace for the County of Middlesex, or for the said City and Liberty of Westminster, a:s the Case shall happen (which Warrant the said Justices are hereby authorised and required to grant in any Place within the County of Middlesex aforesaid, and City and Liberty of Westminster; or within any other County, City, and Liberty, such Warrant being first backed or countersigned by some Magistrate of the County, or City or Liberty where the Distress is to be made, which Warrant such Magistrate is hereby required to back or countersign without Fee or Reward) to distrain the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, and to sell the same, rendering the Overplus (if any be) after having deduced the reasonable Charges and Expences of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels respectively, upon Demand thereof made.

CXII. Provided always, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, may, if they shall think proper, sue in the Name or Names of their Treasurer or Treasurers, for all or any of the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, which shall be made by virtue of this Act, and all Arrears due thereon and unpaid; in which Ad ion no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

CXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed or taken to make void any Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, between Landlord and Tenant, touching or concerning the paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, any or any Part of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewses, Alleys, Passages, or Places within the Limits aforesaid; but that every Person who is now, by virtue of any such Contract or Agreement, obliged to pave, keep*in Repair, and cleanse, any or any Part of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewses, Alleys, raflages, or Places, (nail, in lieu thereof, be obliged to pay the Rates hereby directed to be made and affelTcd, or so much thereof as such Commissioners as aforesaid, or any Seven or more of them, shall deem just, and according to the true Meaning of such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, for and during the Time that such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, shall remain in Force; and in case any Dispute shall arise concerning such Covenant, Contract, or Agreement, the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall have Power to hear and finally determine the same.

Persons paying CXIV. And be it enacted, That all and every Person or Persons paying the Rates and Assessments by Rates, e«mp:edfhjs ^d laid ancj a{jcff€d^ shall be, and they and every of them is and are hereby exempted and discharged rom paTing, c, from (be Expence of paving, cleansing, lighting, or keeping in Repair the said Squares, Streets, or Places, or any of them, and also trom all Penalties which may or might be incurred by reason of their neglecting to pave, cleanse, light, or keep the same in Repair, but not to fs- CXV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act me Ai rears due. Coritained shall prevent the collecting any Arrears due from any Person or Persons within the Limits aforesaid, for any of the Purposes of this Act.

Oiford^oadnot ^XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing In this Act contained shall »emp*ed°frnmtextenc^» or be construed to extend, to exempt any Person or Persons who inhabit, hold, use, occupy. Highway AifeiT- polfefs, or enjoy, any Land, House, Tenement, or Hereditament, or any Stable or other Building, m scats. that Part of Oxford Street or Road which lies in the Parish of Saint Annel within the Liberty of IVflmin-

fler, from the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money rated and assessed or which shall or may, at any Time or Times hereafter, be rated and assessed upon them, for and towards the Repairs of common Highways, causeways, Streets, and Pavements, to be repaired at the publick Charge of the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Anne, by virtue of an Act of Parliament passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Statutes now in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the publick Highways of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.’

Collectors*to CXVII. And be it further enacted by vthe Authority aforesaid, That the Collector or Collectors of the pay Money, at Rates and Assessments aforesaid, shall pay the Money, as he or they (ha 1 receive the same, to the Trea-me«ved, to theft^cr or Treasurers for the Time being to the said Commissioners; and upon Payment of every such Sum k 1utr. ^oncy to such Treasurer or Treasurers, such Collector or Collectors shall take a Receipt for the same

of the said Treasurer or Treasurers, which shall be given without Fee or Reward, and therein the Name or Names of such Collector or Collectors shall be express’cd, and the Sum or Sums of Money paid shall be specified; and if such Collector or Collectors shall, at any Time, keep and retain in his or their Hands more than the Sum of One hundred Pounds, for any Time longer than the Space of Two Days, provided the Treasurer or Treasurers to such commissioners shall, within that Time, be reaJy to receive Z. the

Penalty on keeping abort 1001. longer: fttua 1 Day*.

A.D. 177a. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 23. 717

*he fame, he or they shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every Day that he or they shall re- Treasurer to pay tain any Sum exceeding the said Sum of One hundred Pounds beyond the said Two Days. it into the Bank.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently may be after the Person or Persons, or any or either of them acting as Treasurer or Treasurers to such Commissioners as aforesaid, shall at any Time have received the Sum of Five hundred Pounds of the Monies appointed to be received by him or them by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act $ he or they shall from Time to Time pay the same into the Bank of iEngland, in the Name and on the Account of such Commissioners; and the same shall be disposed of by Order of such Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, for the Purposes of this Act.

CXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer or Treasurers, Col- Officers to ac-ledtor or Collectors, and other Officers to be appointed as aforesaid for the Time being, within the Li- count upon mits aforesaid, shall, upon Three Days Notice in Writing given or left for them respectively at their usual Places of Abode by the Clerk or Clerks to such Commissioners as aforesaid, deliver in upon Oath (if thereunto respectively required) to such Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at such Time and Place as they shall appoint (which Oath such Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer) a true and perfect Account in Writing under the respective Hands of such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, and other Officers and Persons to be appointed as aforesaid, of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also all Monies whit h he or they shall have received by reason of his or their said Office or Offices, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed by Order of the Commissioners appointed for the Execution of this Act, or any Seven or more of them, and for what Purpose, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments; also a true Lift of the Names of all Persons who shall have ne<riedted or refused to pay the Rates or Assessments laid on them as aforesaid, and of the several Sums of Money from him, her, or them respectively due and in Arrear, together with the Dates that the same respectively became due, to the Intent that the same may be speedily got in and recovered; and if any Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, or other Officer or Officers, after such Notice given, shall neglect or refuse to bring in his Account as aforesaid, and to produce and deliver the Vouchers relating to the same, or to account for any Sum or Sums of Money by him or them received and collected, and to pay the same, and every Part thereof, as is herein before directed; such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officer or Offi- office? refusing cers, shall for every such Neglect or Refusal respectively forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds; and it shall and to account, may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners appointed for the Execution of this Act, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, to bring or cause to be brought any Action in the Names of such Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, against such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officer or Officers lb neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, for the Recovery as well of the said Forfeiture as of the Monies which shall be in the Hands of such Treasurer or Trea-

furers, Collector or Collectors, Officer or Persons respectively; or if Complaint shall be made by such Commissioners, or by any Person or Persons by them, or any Seven or more of them, so appointed, of to en-

any such Neglect or Refusal, any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Treasurer or ,nl° the

Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officer or Persons so neglecting or refusing shall be and reside, such Uc au Justice may and is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officers or Persons so neglecting or refusing, to be brought before him, and upon his or their appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witness'cs upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered and required to administer) it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been collected, raised, and received by virtue of this Act shall be in the Hands of such Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Officers or Persons so unaccounted for by them respectively, such Juf- and lev^the tice may and is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to Penalty, cause such Money, as also such Forfeiture as aforesaid, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officers or Persons respectively; and for want of Dh if no Goods or Chattels of such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officers or Persons ort>r»drr can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, as also the said Forfeitures, and the Charges to ^ommaud. of distraining or felling the Goods and Chattels so distrained; then, and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Justice shall commit every such Offender to the House of Correction, until he or they shall give and make a true and perfect Account as aforesaid; or until he or they shall compound wirh the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as, they shall appoint; which Composition the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby impowered to make; or until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, and* give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Commissioners.

CXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Four Times at. lead in every Year an Ac- Collects :c*c count, from the Book or Books to be kept by the Collector or Collectors of the said Rates, Duties, Sum C(unt *our and Sums of Money as assessed, shall be fairly stated and signed by the said Collector or Collectors, and 1,mcs a Yc"r* delivered by him or them to such Commissioners as aforesaid; who are hereby impowered to discharge the said Collector or Collectors of all Monies as he or they shall have truly accounted for.

CXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Of- On Death or ficers, or other Persons shall happen to die or become Bankrupt before he or they shall have fully paid Bjnkiuptcy of and satisfied all the Monies by him or them received by virtue of this Actthen, and in every such Case, °^cers* the Executors, Administrators, Executrix, Administratrix, or other legal Representative or Representatives, or Perfoaor Persons pcfleffing the Estate and Effects of every such Treasurer or Treasurers, Col-

iedtofl

718 C. 23.

Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

ill a 11 be a Discharge. *"S

On

lor

Treasurer m\y commence Action lor Rcco-

legal Representa- ledlor or Collectors, Officer or Officers, or other Person, or the Assignee or Assignees of such Bankrupt, ne?remaning°n ^all, out of such Estate and Effects, pay unto the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time then being to nle ' the ('aid Commissioners, all such Sums of Money as should be in the Hands of such Persons respectively Treakr*r, at the Time of his or their Death, or at the Time of suing out any Commission of Bankruptcy against him or them, and not paid over, or so much thereof as the said Estate or Efte&s will extend to pay, and whose Receipt the Receipt or Receipts of the said Treasurer or Treasurers shall be a good Discharge for the said Money; and every Executor or Administrator, Assignee or Assignees, or other Person as aforesaid, may to any Action or Suit commenced or brought against him, her, or them, plead or give in Evidence the Au-On Nonpayment thority of this Act for such Payment, and shall be allowed the same prior to any other Debt or Demand 10 Ycjts, whatsoever; and in case of Nonpayment of the same by the Space of Ten Years after the same shall have been demanded, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to such Commissioners, and he or they is and are hereby directed and required in his or their own Name or Names, to commence One or more Action or Actions in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Wtft-minjhr against such Executors, Administrators, Assignee or Assignees, or other Persons as aforesaid, for the Recovery of the same; in which Action no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

Tr-nkirer to Pay

CXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer or Treasurers to the \>VII ^rawn Commissioners as aforesaid for the Time being, shall and may, and is and are hereby authorised and re-uj on i.m. quired, out of the Monies paid to him or them in pursuance of this Act, to pay all Sums of Money drawn upon him or them, or ordered to be paid by such Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, ^r'^ounUn^ Purposes of this Act; and the said Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, shall and is and BoJk Un n are hereby required to keep regular and fair Entries in a Book or Books to be by him or them for that Purpose provided of all and singular the Receipts and Payments which he or they shall make on the Ac-be count as aforesaid; to which Book or Books every Inhabitant within the Limits of this Act shall and may hi blunts. y n" ^ave free Access, at all convenient Times, and shall be permitted to inspect the same without Fee or Reward; and also that the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being shall have the said Account audited and passed by the Commissioners for the Time being, or any Seven or more of them, who are hereby impowered anq required to audit and pass the same.

CXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Actions shall be brought by or by Order of such Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, against any Person or Persons whatsoever, for the Recovery of any Money or Monies laid out or expended by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, or for any Materials, Matters and Things fold and delivered by them, or any of their Officers by their Order, or for the Recovery of any Rate or Rates, or any other Purpose whatsoever, and a Veraidl shall be had and given against any such Person and Persons against whom such Action or Actions shall be brought, such Person or Persons shall pay Double Costs; and the said Commissioners in such Action or Actions shall have such Remedy or Remedies for recovering the same, as any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs may have for his, her, or their Costs in any other Cases by Law.

CXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitutes by

Commissioners obtaining Vcr-ciid>. Defendant to pay

[Double Costs.]

Penalties may

streisCV Cd by Dl l^IS Act imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly di-r s’ ,redled) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by War-

rant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or City and Liberty of Westminster, as the Case may be (which Warrant such Justice is hereby impowered and required to grant upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of One or more credible Informer deemed Witness or Witnesses upon Oath) and the Informer is hereby rendered a credible Witness (which Oaths a credi e such Justice is hereby impowered and required to administer); and the Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be fodistrained and fold, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deduced, shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Commissioners for the Time being, and shall be applied to and for the Purposes of this Act.

CXXV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That it shall and may be Jawfdl to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more 6f them, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of

Witness.

Commission*T* may reward la-formers.

this Act, to order their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, to pay such Part of the said Penalties to the Informer as they shall judge reasonable, not exceeding One Ha'"

Distress net to be PWl/T aj

lalf thereof.

icemei un'awtul

CXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any such Distress shall be f iT w a n t of For m 5 made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed mr Party to be unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of termed a Tref- any Default or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties be deem-pa.Tcr, ab imtio, C(j a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by for lua.quest tjle party or Parties distraining; but that the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in lieu of any Action on the Case.

CXXVII. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action, or for any such Irregularity, Trespass, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed every or any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceeding before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before joined, to pay into the Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall see fit; whereupon such Proceedings, or Order and Judge-men shall be had, made, or given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

Irreguhrity,

Plaintiff nof so recover, if Tclien-r of Amends h<jth bc-. ii fn*4e.

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 23. 719

CXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Rates, Assessment or A fiefs- J^YncOn laments, or any other Matter or Thing done or directed to be done in pursuance of this Act, such Person feiiiJns. f or Persons shall apoly for Relief to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, at any Meeting to be held within One Month next after Demand made of such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, or next after any such Matter or Thing done and committed by or by Order of the said Commissioners; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and impowered (if they shall think such Person or Persons aggrieved) to give such Relief in the Premises as to them shall f ern necessary; and if such Person or Persons shall not be satisfied with the Determination of such Commissioners, he, she, or they shall be obliged to pay such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, and to comply with such Order of the said Commissioners; and then shall and may appeal to the Quarter-session of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Middlesex, or City and Liberty of Westminster, as the Case shall be, within Three Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioners; such Appellant first giving or causing to be NToticeofAppeal given Twenty-one Days Notice at the lead in Writing of his or her Intention to oring such Appeal, and to bc felvcn* of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer to such Commissioners, and within Two Days next after such Notice, entering into Recognizance before such Justice of the Peace for such County, or City and Liberty of Westminster, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order thereof, and to pay such Colls as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter-sessions; and the said Justices at such Quarter-sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing, or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Justices at their Quarter-sessions shall be final, binding, and bc condusive.

CXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Appointment, Information, Order, Judge- Writ:ng»to be ment, Conviction, Warrant, Mortgage, or Assignment, Transfer, or other Security for the borrowing without Stamps, of Money, or other Writing whatsoever under the Hand and Seal or Hards and Seals of, or only signed by any Commissioner or Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or any of them, touching, concerning, or in Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby vested in such Commissioner or Commissioners, or justice or Justices of the Peace, or any of them, or Transfer or Assignment of any of the Securities aforesaid made by any Person or Persons, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

CXXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Rate or Rates, Assessment or ProreHfn-s not-Assessments; nor any Proceeding to bc had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against: to be quashed for this Act, or any Order made, or any other Matter or Thing to be done or transacted in or relating to the want rf FormF Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or by nor rrmrvcjblc any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any 0? ^moran. Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Costs, Charges, and Ex- Frpences of the-pences of passing this Act, and all other Charges incident to the obtaining thereof, shall be borne, paid, Aci how to be and defrayed out of the First Monies arising by virtue of this Act.

CXXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit shall bc com- L*im5tatjcn 0*

menced against apy Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until Twenty-one

Days Notice shall be thereof given in Writing to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, or

after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof has been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Six

Calendar Months next after the Fad committed fur which such AcH nor Actions, Suit or Suits Hi all be lb

brought; and all such Actions or Suits shall be 'aid and tried in the County of Middlesex, or City and

Liberty of IVe/imivsler respectively, and not in any other County, City or Mace; and that the D-ft ndanX

[General Issue.]

+or Defendants in such Action or Actions, Suit and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for or on which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits shall be brought, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof liven as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid;

or if any such Action or Suit shall net he commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited,

or shall be laid in any oMvr County or Mace than as aforesaid; then the Jury or Juries shall find for the

Defendant or Defendants tn.on; and if a Verdict shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or

if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suit y shall become nonsuited, or fuller a

Discontinuance of such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits; or if, upon a Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then,

and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have Treble Ceil*.

such Remedies for recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their

Costs, in other Cases by Law.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act find 1 be allowed, in nil i’ublkk A0. Courts whatsoever, aj a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, a.e hereby r.-quned to ukc Notice thereof as such. without ecially pleading the fcm:.

C. 24.

Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

.720

Prfan bit?, recit* I'-.: Ads6Ann*J r. X. oi pir.aie

>10 Ann*, c. 24.

and 7 Geo. 2. c. i4.

Actiom commenced a^ainll Per suns for receiving the <x-j)ired Duties dif-

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for further continuing the Duties granted and continued by several Acts made in the Sixth and Tenth Year$ of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, for repairing the Harbour and Key of Watchett, in the County of Somerset.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament of the Sixth Year of the Reign of Hr late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for repairing the Harbour and Key of Watchett, in the County s/'Somerset, it was enacted, That from and after the Five and Twentieth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and eight, for the Term of One-and-twenty Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, there should be paid the several Rates and Duties in the said Act mentioned and x expressed, for all Goods and Merchandizes exported, shipped, or laden, or discharged at or within the said Harbour or Key; and also the several Duties of Tonnage and Keelage for Ships, Hoys, Barks, and Vessels, which, during the said Term, should come into the said Harbour for Security and Preservation 4 (the said Port or Harbour not being their discharging Port); and after the Expiration of the said Term of One-and-twenty Years, One Half of the said Rates and Duties by the said Act granted on the fevc- ral Goods and Merchandizes therein mentioned, was to continue to be collected for ever, in order for the raising a sufficient Stock and Supply for keeping the said Harbour and Key in good Repair: And whereas by a Clause in another Act of Parliament passed in the Tenth Year of Her said late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for prolonging the Term for Payment of certain Duties granted by an Act made in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of his late Majesty King William, intituled, An Act for recovering, fe- curing, and keeping in Repair the Harbour of Minehead, for the Benefit and Support of the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom, it was enacted, That all Goods shipped or discharged at a Place called The Blue Anchor or Cleave Steps, or other Places adjoining to the said Harbour and Key of Watchett, should be chargeable with the Duties, as if the Go;>ds had been shipped or discharged within the said Harbour or Key of Watchett: And whereas by an Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties granted by several ATls made in the Sixth and Tenth Years of Her late Majestys Reign, for repairing the Harbour and Key of Watchett, in the County of Somerset, the several Rates and Duties by the said Act passed in the Sixth Year of Her said late Majesty's Reign, granted and made payable for the said T erm of Twenty-one Years, were, from and after the Expiration of the said Term, charged upon and made payable for the several Goods and Merchandizes, and also the Tonnage and Keelage ot Ships and Vessels (in the said Act particularly mentioned and expressed) for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, to be computed from the Expiration of the said former Term granted by the said Act of the Sixth Year of Her said late Majesty's Reign: And whereas it hath been lately discovered that the Term limited by the said last mentioned Act, for collecting such of the said Rates and Duties (the Grant whereof was temporary only) 4 did expire on the Tw’enty-fifth Day of March, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and fifty; but that through Ignorance of such Expiration, the Whole of the said Rates and Duties hath been continued to be collected and applied as before: And whereas the said Harbour and Key, soon after the passing the first mentioned Act, were repaired, and a large Pier erected at a very great, and the folc Cost and ETxpence of Sir William Wyndham Baronet, Grandfather to George now Earl of Egrea out; and the same Harbour, Key, and Pier have ever since been repaired and supported by the said Sir William Windham, C arlcs late Earl of Egremont, and George now Earl of Egremont> Lords of the said Manor of

Watchett, for the Security of theahips and Vessels riding in the said Harbour, and the Preservation of the said Town and the Inhabitants thereof from the Inroads of the Sea, at a great annual Expence: And whereas it hath been found, by long Experience, that such of the said Rates and Duties, the Grant whereof was made perpetual to the Lords of the said Manor so long as they should repair the said Harbour, have not proved, nor are likely to be sufficient to defray the current Expences of the Repairs and other incident Charges: And whereas, besides the ordinary Reparations now wanting, some further new Works will likewise be requisite for the better securing the Pier from the Violence of the Sea, which there rages in a very extraordinary Manner 5 nor can any effectual Provision be made to guard against and remedy unforeseen Accidents, without a constant Stock and Supply of Money for that Purpose: Wherefore, May it nleafe Your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Personal Actions and Suits, Indictments, Informations, and all rrofecutions and Proceedings whatsoever which have been or shall be prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons for or by reason of the Receipt, Collection, Application or Disposition of such of the Rates and Duties in the said recited Acts, any or either of them, mentioned (being One Moiety or Half Part of the Rates and Duties in the said Acts mentioned) the Grant whereof was temporary, and expired as aforesaid, at any Time from and since the said Twenty-fifth Day of March, which was in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and fifty, or for or by reason of any Act, Matter, or Thing whatsoever done or performed in or about the Premises, are and shall be discharged and made void by virtue of this Act; and if any Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for or by reason of the Receipt, Collection, Application, or Disposition of such Moiety or Half Part of the said Rates and Duties in the said Acts

7?r

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 24.

mentioned, or any of them, or any Part thereof, or for or by reason of any such Aft, M.itt?r, or 'i .».ig so done and performed as aforesaid, h", (he, or they may pi ad the General Iil’ue, and give this Act and General Mas. the special Matter in Evidence: And if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any Action or Suit to be commenced or prosecuted shall become Nonsuit, or forbear further Profecurien, or suffer Discontinuance; or if a Verdict pass, or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against such Plaintiff or Plaintiff*, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover his, her, or their Double Costs, and shall have the like Rome- Rouble Co/h. dy for the same as in Cases where Costs by Law are given to Defendants.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Rates, Duties, and

Sums of Money by the said Act passed in the Sixth Year of Her said late Majesty's Reign, granted and vlmJ n"*rc-made payable for the said Term of Twenty-one Years therein mentioned, and by the said Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the First, continued and made payable for the said further Term of Twenty-one Years, computed as th erein mentioned, shall, from and after the First Day of May in this present Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy, be revived and further continued, charged upon, and made payable for the several Goods and Merchandizes, and also the ’od *",';hrrc°n-Tonnage and Keelage of Ships and Vessels (in the said Act of the Sixth Year of Her said Majesty's Reign y*s; or 40 particularly mentioned and expressed) for and during the further Term of Forty Years, to be computed from the said First Day of May, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And that the said several Rates and Duties, by the said first-mentioned Act granted, shall for and during the said additional Term be demanded, raised, levied, collected, and taken, and shall be managed, dispoied of, accounted for, and paid by the same Ways, Means, and Methods, and by such Rules and Directions, and with and under such and the like Powers and Authorities, and under such and the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Provisoes, and for such Intents and Purposes, as are preferred, mentioned, enabled, declared, provided, and expressed in the said former Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, or in the said Clause in the said Act made in the Tenth Year of Her fa:d late Majesty's Reign, or in the said Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, or in this present Act, for or concerning the said Rates and Duties by the said former Acts, or any of them,

- granted and hereby continued, or any of them, or any Part thereof; and that the said Act of the Sixth Po.wer>

1 ear of Her said Majesty's Reign, and every Article, Rule, Clause, Matter, and Thing therein con- |e"yixn° tained, and also the said recited Clause in the said Act of the Tenth Year of Her said Majesty's Reign, posing rhereof, shall continue and be in full Force and Effect, and be exercised and executed for and during the said> addi- rmtiijrdfor tha tional Term hereby continued, to all Intents and Purposes, for raising, levying, collecting, securing, ap- 1,k- rc,m* plying, disposing of, and accounting for the said Rates and D Jtics thereby granted and hereby continue,!, as fully and effectually as if the same, and every of them, were particularly expressed, repeated, and rc-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

III. And whereas all the Trustees in and by the said first-mentioned Act named and appointed for the Trustees Purposes therein mentioned are since dead, and no other Persons have been appointed to ftipply their tpi°m cd’

c Places be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Right Honourable Percy Wyndham O'Brien Earl of Th:?nond\i\ the Kingdom of Ireland, the Honourable Percy Charles Wyndhwi, the Honourable Charles William Wyndham, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte Baronet, Sir Edward Bay; it an Baronet, Michael Eiuen Esquire, Hugh Hamerjley Esquire, Robert Leigh Gentleman, Edward Rijilon Gentleman, and Richard Morle Gentleman, the Lord or Lady of the Manor of Watchett for the Time being, and the Steward of the same Manor for the Time being, shall be and are hereby nominated and appointed Trustees for the ordering, directing, and making the necessary Works in and about the said Harbour or Key, and the maintaining and repairing the same from Time to Time during the said additional Term, and for the ordering and directing the Collection, Receipt, and Disposition of the several Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money, which, from Time to Time during the said additional Term by virtue of this Act shall be due and made payable, and generally, for the carrying and putting this present Act, and the said recited Acts continued hereby, for the erm last aforesaid, into Execution, with the same and as full Power and Authority as in and by the said recited Acts, or any or either of them, is directed, limited, appointed or QnDMtbor Regiven, and as if the same was herein particularly and at large expressed; and if any of the said Trustees fu"a| to^ft^other mall happen to die or refuse to act during the said Term, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be Truths to be lawful to and for the surviving or other Trustees, at a public Meeting assembled, or any Three or more of chosen; them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to elect, nominate, and appoint One or more other Trustee or Trustees in the Place or Places of such Trustee or Trustees so dying or refusing to act as aforesaid; and such other Trustee or Trustees, so from Time to Time elected and appointed, shall have the same Power and Authority as if they had been nominated and appointed by this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall not be more than Twelve Trustees at any one Time; and that the Lord or Lady and the Steward of the Manor of Watchett12 m um for the Time being shall be always Two of the said Trustees.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said First Day of May

which shall he in this present Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy, it shall and may be lawful for h0 ceting8 the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, of whom the Lord of the Manor for the Time being, or the Steward of the Manor for the Time being to be always One, to meet and assemble together, when and as often as it shall seem necessary to them, in order to carry this and the former Acts into Execution 5 publick Notice being first given of the Time and Place of such Meeting, and the said Meeting to b?held Notice thereof t# at some publick Housein the said Town of Watchett, and Notice thereof to be affixed on the Town-hall b- eivrn by tU* or other publick Place in the said Town of Watchett by the Water Bailiff for the Time being, at least Water Bailiff, Three Days before such Meeting: And the said Trustees or any Three of them, whereof the Lord or Steward of the said Manor for the Time being to be always One, being so met and assembled, shall have full Power and Authority to do, transact, and perform all and Angular matters and Things for the carrying

722 C.

24, 25. Anno decimo Georgii III. A. v. 1770.

this present Act and the said former Acts hereby continued, and the Terms and Powers hereby or thereby granted, into Execution.

Expences of pif$-

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees shall be and are hereby m?'th s Act, to authorised and impowered, out of the firit Monies to be by them received by virtue of or under this present hrl rJlJ# or any of the former Acts, to pay and discharge all such Expences as shall be incurred by reason or on account of, or in passing this present Act.

Rates applicable

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall noibrreb extenc^ to make void or discontinue the Payment of the said Rates and Duties, by the said Act of the Sixth vuoated^1 Year of Her said late Majesty's Reign charged and made payable, for the constant and necessary Reparations of the said Key or Harbour, after the Expiration of the said Term of Twenty-one Years thereby but to continue granted; but that the said Rates and Duties shall, from and after the Expiration of the said Term hereby payable in Man-continued (so lon^as the said Pier and Harbour shall be kept in Repair) be charged and made payable to iv-r d.rean by the Person or Persons and in such Manner and under such Rules and Directions, Penalties and forfeitures 6 apd 10 as iS or are mentioned and expressed in the said Act of the Sixth, or in the said Clause rn the Act of the nac‘ Tenth Year of Her said late Majesty's Reign, touching or concerning the same; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Publick Act.]

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

A.D.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for the better paving, repairing, and cleaning, the Streets, and other.publick Passages, in the several Parishes and Wards of Saint Michael, Saint John, Holy Saint Lawrence, /i'll Saints within the Bar, All Saints without the Bar, and East Street and Bag-row, within the Town of Southampton, and Liberties thereof; and for preventing Nuisancts and

Annoyances therein; and for widening and rendering the same more commodious > and for the lighting and watching the said Streets and publick Passages.

Tremble.

Commissionrn

N*mes.

C^alifj. afion of Commi.iiUJiers.

Penalty on acting, if unqualified.

WHEREAS the Town of Southampton is, of late Years, become very populous, and many Persons resort thereto to bathe in the Sea and drink the Sea Water for their Health: And whereas the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, and other publick Passages, within the several Parishes and Wards of -S int Michael, Saint John, Holy Rood, Saint Lawrence, All Saints within the Bar, AH Saints uitbout the Bar, and East Street and Bag-row, within the said Town or the Liberties thereof, are in a very ruinous Condition, and, in general, very ill paved, repaired, and cleansed, lighted, and watched, and the Passages thereof are greatly obstructed by various Nuisances and Annoyances/.* And whereas several of the said Streets, Lanes, Courts, Ways, and publick Passages are, in some Parts thereof, too narrow, and extremely incommodious for the passing of Carriages and Persons: And whereas it would tend greatly to the Health, Benefit, and Advantage, of the Inhabitants of the said Town and Liberties, and to all persons referring thereto, if the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts. Ways, and publick Passages, were properly paved, repaired, cleansed:, lighted, and watched, and widened where necessary, and the said Nuisances and Annoyances were removed, and prevented for the future: But as the same cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament, May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and* b£ it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Mayor* Aldermen, and Common Council, of the Town of Southampton, for the Time being; together with Arthur Atherley, Bercher Baril, Samuel Blount, William Bulkely, Joseph Copley, Thomas Collingwood, Adam Clutterbuck, Philip Enouf, Gorges Foyle. Charles Gore, Andrew Goater Haynes, Esquires; the Reverend Edward Jones Clerk, Robert Jefferies, Alexander Irvine, Isaac Mallortie, Henry James Pye, William Rujeme, John Rujhworth, John Smith, Esquires; the Reverend James Scott Clerk, IVaiter Taylor Gentleman, Charles Vigncles, Charles Whit more, Robert Welsh Esquires; and Henry Ward Gentleman, and their Successors, to be appointed in the Manner herein after mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby appointed, Commissioners for putting in Execution all the Powers and Authorities in and by this Act given and granted.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Person, except the Mayor. Aldermen, and Common Council of the said Town, for the Time being, shall be qualified or capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be an Inhabitant of, or resident within, the said Town or Liberties, and shall be in his own Right, or in Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Thirty, Pounds, arising within the said Town or Liberties thereof, or shall be possessed of a Real and Personal Estate together to the Amount or Value of One thousand Pounds, such Real Estate being situate within the said Town or Liberties of the same: And if any Person hereby deemed incapable to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, shall presume to act contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; every such Person shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall fee for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Recora at WeshmnJler, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed > and the Person so feed Hull prove that he was so qualified at the Time ho

acted,

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III.

25* 7^1

ailed, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor, than that such Person ailed as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any One of the said Commissioners herein On Df*th, fcc. before specifically named, shall die, or remove out of the said Town or Liberties thereof, or shall neglect of Comir.iffioocri, or refute to act for the Space of One Year, or shall be elected or chosen Mayor, Alderman, or Common0^0 bc Council-man, of the Corporation of the said Town of Southampton, it shall and may be lawful to and for oen*

the surviving Commissioners herein before specifically named, and their Successors, or any Nine or more of them, to meet in some public Place in the said Town or Liberty thereof, and to elect some other Person, qualified in the Manner herein before mentioned, in the Place or Stead of the Commissioner so dying,

removing, or neglecting or refusing to act, or chosen Mayor, Alderman, or Common Council-man, of the said Corporation; Ten Days Notice of the Time and Place of such Meeting being given in Writing, Notice of Elrc-

signed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the Time being, and affixed upon some publick Place tion to bc &lvcn*

+within the said Town; and every Person so elected a Commissioner, shall, from the Time of such Election, have the same Power and Authority, in all Things relating to the Execution of this Act, as if he had been expressly named and appointed a Commissioner in this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Commissioner*

Execution of this Act, during the Timehe shall hold any Office under the Commissioners, except the Office officers not of Treasurer; or during such Time as he shall enter into, be engaged in, or have the Benefit of any Con- eic,n*

trad, or any Share or filtered in any Contract whatsoever relating to the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall and First Meeting of may, and they are hereby authorised and required to meet at the Audit-house within the said Town, on Comnuifionci*, the Monday Three Weeks next after the Day of the passing of this Act, and proceed to the Execution of

this Act; and then, and from Time to Time afterwards, to adjourn themselves, and meet at the Audit-house aforesaid, or at any other Place or Places within the said Town or Liberties, as often as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper for putting this Act in Execution; pro- Two vided that Two Commissioners shall be sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only; and in case Two nm°(u»ci«ntfa* Commissioners shall not meet, then the Clerk to the Commissioners shall and may adjourn such Meeting; Adjournment.

Provided that no Adjournment whatever shall be made for a longer Space of Time than Twenty-eight )ays; And if it shall happen that there shall not appear at such First Meeting, hereby appointed to be In Default oft held by the said Commissioners, a sufficient Number of Commissioners to adjourn to any other Day; or Efficient Kumber if at any future Meeting of the said Commissioners a sufficient Number of Commissioners shall not meet ^aT^urn or appear to adjourn, and the Clerk *to the said Commissioners shall refuse, neglect, or omit to adjourn; to»nothei Day* or if a sufficient Number of Commissioners shall meet at such Meeting, or any future Meeting, and they shall refuse, neglect, or omit to adjourn; cr if any Adjournment fha 11 be made fora longer Space of Time than Twenty-eight Days, or any wrong Adjournment shall be made; then, and in every or either of such cases, the said Commissioners or any Seven or more of them, may, by publick Notice in Writing under their Hands to be affixed upon some publick Place within the said Town of the Time and Place of such Meeting, and also by causing the Purport of such Notice to be given in the Parish Church of Holy Rhood, in case Divine Service shall then be performed therein on the Sunday preceding such Meeting, by the Clerk officiating in the said Church (who is hereby required to give such Notice, without Fee or Reward) appoint the said Commissioners to meet at the Place where the then last Meeting was held, or appointed to be held, or at any other Place in the said Town or Liberties, at any Time not less than Three Days, or more than Six Days next after any such Notices shall be given as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may meet accordingly at the Time and Place mentioned in the said Notice, and proceed to the Execution of this Act, and shall and may make such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, as to them, or the Majority of them present at any such Meeting,

(hill appear necessary for the tetter and more effectually carrying this Act into Execution; and the Lid Commissioners t*

Commissioners shall, at all their Meetings, pay their own Charges and Expences: And in case the P*y thctI own

Clerk of the said Parish shall neglect or refuse to give such Notice, then the Notice under the Hands of txpcm.cs. the said Commissioners, and affixed to some publick Place as aforesaid, shall be deemed a good and sufficient Notice.

VI. And be it further enacted, That at every Meeting of the said Commissioners to be held by virtue of Bufin's rf?u,at* this Act, the Powers and Authorities hereby granted shall be carried into Execution by the major Part ofed at eclm85# the Commissioners present; and such One of the said Commissioners present, as the major Part of them carting Vote, attending shall appoint, shall preside, and be called Prefuienl; and in case of Equality of Voices (including his own) such President shall, upon all Occasions, have another and decisive Vote.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at any &>mmifiWrs Meeting shall and may make, vary, alter, or make void, any such Orders, Rules, or Regulations, in such nuy or alter Manner, as they, or the major Part oft-thmi, shall think needful and proper. any o.acu, &c.

VIII. Provided always, That no O/der, Rule, or Regulation, made by the Commissioners as aforesaid, No Order to be shall be revoked, varied, altered, or made void, unless the Commissioners present and concurring to rc- revoked, but in a vokc, vary, alter, or make void the same, shall exceed in Number the Commissioners who were present gr«a*r Nurt kcr and concurred in making such Order, Rule, or Regulation; and no Ad or Order of the said Commis- L^uIrtrt.u sioners shall be valid, unless doneor made at some Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act; and the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall cause to be provided and kept Books, wherein un.cls made at a the several Meetings, and the Names of the Commissioners attending such Meetings, and the Nomination pubnc*M«cur:t, of all Officers and persons who shall be employed in the Execution of this Act, and all Rules, Orders,

724

C.

25.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

A.D.

I77°-

I’rocttdingf to b* Hread in Books.

and may remove them and appoint L*c;s.

aii >w Oriictrs Salaries,

and other Proceedings of the said Commissioners at such Meetings, shall, from Time to Time, be fairly written and entered by their Clerk, or by Inch other Person as the President at any Meeting, in case of the Absence or Disability of the Clerk, shall nominate or appoint; and such Clerk or other Person shall subscribe his Name at the End of the Proceedings of every such Meeting; and all such Entries so signed Books may be by such Clerk or Person shall be deemed Originals, and shall be admitted to be read as Evidence in all read in Evidence. causes, Suits, and Actions, touching any Thing done in pursuance of or by the Authority of this Act;

and all such Books shall, at every Meeting of the said Commissioners, be liable to the Inspection of any Person rated and paying to the Ratos which shall be made in pursuance of, or by virtue of this Act, Commissioners to

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall am! appoint office?, niay5 from Time to Time, nominate and appoint One or more Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors of the Monies to be raised by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and also One or more Surveyor or Surveyors, and such other Officer and Officers, as the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall think necessary to employ in the Execution of this Act; and the said Commissioners, or any Eleven or more of them, may remove or displace all or any of the said Officers or other Persons, and nominate and appoint such other Person or Persons in the Room of him or them who shall be so removed or shall die; provided Twelve Days Notice of their Intention to remove or displace such Officer or Officers, and to appoint One or more Person or Persons in his or their Room, be given in Writing, by affixing the same upon some publick Places within the said Town; and the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall and they are hereby required to take such Security, from Time to Time for the due Execution of the said Officers respectively, as the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall think proper; and the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, may and they are hereby impowered, out of the Rates to be collected by virtue of this Act, to Commissioners to make such Allowances to such Officer or Officers, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be aiding andaffifting in and about the Execution of this Act, as to the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall lev m reasonable; and every Officer and other Person so to be appointed, shall, under his Hand, at such Time and Times, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall direct, deliver to the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Nine or more of them, shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writ- ing of all Matters and Things committed to his Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all the Monies which shall have been by him received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed by Order of the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments; and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in his Hands to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Seven or more of them, shall appoint; and every Officer and Person accoi-nting as aforesaid, shall, upon Oath (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, are hereby impowered and required to adminster) verify his Account, if required by any Seven or more of the said Commissioners so to do; and if any such Officer shall not make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce or deliver up the Vouchers relating to the same, or to make Payment as aforesaid, then, and in either of the Cases aforesaid, any One Justice or Justices of the rooe ^eace ^or t®le Town of Southampton, upon Complaint thereof made to him or them by the said Commis-wa Jutocc. fi°ners» or any Seven or more of them, may and is and are hereby authorised and required to issue a Summons under his of-their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, requiring such Officer or Person so refusing or neelefling, to appear before him or them at such Time and Place as shall in such Summons be appointed (which Summons shall be directed to and served by One of the Constables or Beadles of any or either of the Parishes, Wards, or Places aforesaid, by giving it to, or leaving it at the House or usual Place of Abode of such Officer or Person; and upon such Officer or Person appearing or making Default, or not being to be found, the said Justice or Justices shall and may hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the i'arty, or by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer) it shall appear to such Justice or Justices that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act, shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Person, such Justice or Justices may, and is and are hereby authorised and required, u; on Nonpayment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals to be directed as aforesaid, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer and Person; and if the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Person shall not be sufficient to answer

©facers to account upon Oath

Officers neglecting to atcoujit.

Complain* to be

Justice may inquire into the Peiault, and determine the NlaPer n a fcmmaiy Way

Dobciency may br levied by Ditbels,

For wart of Dif-

treff, Oifender to and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling the same, then, and in either of the be commuted, C^.fes aforesaid, such Justice or Justices shall commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the Town of

till Payment or

CompofiUon

made.

Pavements, &c.

vrlh o in Commissioners.

Southampton until he ulall make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded with the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint; which Composition the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, are hereby impowered to make.

X. And be it further enacted, That from the First Day of February, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, the Property of the Lamps, Lamp-irons, Lamp-nofts, Watch- houses, and Stands to be purchased, creeled, and fixed as herein after mentioned, and all the Materials to the same respectively belonging, and the Property of all the prefept and future Pavements, as well in the Foot-ways as Carriageways, and all the present and future Posts in all and every the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways* and other publick Passages within the said several Parishes and Wards of Saint Michael, Saint John, Holy Rhood, Saint Lawrence^ All Saints within the Bar, and All Saints without the Bary in the said Town and Liberties of Southampton^ and of all Materials, Implements, and other Things to be purchased for the

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 25. 725

Purposes of this Act, and all the Soil of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, and other publick Passages, and of all the Sefipools, Bunnies, Watercourses, and Sewers therein or belonging thereunto (except as herein after is particularly mentioned) and of all the Ashes, Cinders, and Rubbish to be taken and carried away from all and every the Houses in the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, and other publick Passages, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Commissioners; and they, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions in the Name or Names of any One or more of them, or in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, or to prefer any Bill or Bills of Indictment, as the Case shall require, against any Person or Persons who shall steal, take, or carry away any Part or Parts thereof, or any other Matter or Thing so vested in the Commissioners as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more 0Jd j^rte.r*nIi of them, shall have full Power and Authority to sell and dispose of all or any Part of the old and useless c 0 Materials, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to purchase the same; and the Money arising therefrom shall be applied to such and the same Purposes as the Monies arising from the Rates and Assessments in and by this Act directed to be made are directed to be applied; and the said Commissioners, or Ti*jflees may any Seven or more of them, may and are hereby impowere?, from Time to Time, and at all Tim js

hereafter, as they shall think proper or necessary, to sell and dispose of all or any of the Soil of the said >c

Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, and o:her publick Passages, and of all the said Sefipools, Bunnies, Watercourses, and Sewers, and of all or any of the Cinders, Ashes, and Rubbish to oc taken and carried away from the Houses or elsewhere within the Pai ifhes, Wards, and Places aforesaid, and to contrail with any Person or Persons for the Sale thereof at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act; but previous to such Contraft, such Notice shall be given of the Intention of the said Commissioners to Notice thereof to enter into such Contraft at such Meeting, as hereinbefore directed to be given for displacing or remov- be given, ing any Officer or Officers under this Act; and the Person contracting for or purchasing the same shall have full Power and Authority to take, carry away, and dispose thereof for his own proper Use and Benefit; and the Money arising from the bale thereof shall be applied as the Rates herein after mentioned are directed to be applied: Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to ex- may

tend to deprive any of the Inhabitants of the said Streets, Squares, Lancs, Courts, Ways, and other oin°ciMcc»* &c. publick Pafla ges from keeping, using, felling, or disposing of their own Cinders or Ashes within their respective HouTcs, Yards, or Gardens in or out of the said Town or Liberties* or any Dung, Soil, or Manure arising from Horses or otlur Cattle, or their Litter or Fodder, as they shall have Occasion or think proper: And the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall have full Power and Au- ConWflionfr* thority to buy or rent Land, within or without the said own, for the depositing of the Soil, Ashes, ay provide Lay-Cinders, and Rubbish, in case they shall think proper so to do; and the Purchase-money or Rent thereof shall be paid out of the said Rates; and the Property thereof shall be an J is hereby vested in the fail Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Commissioner* Seven or more of them, to contract with such Person as they shall think proper to act as Scavenger of the may appoint a said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, and other publick Passages, with such Salary, Wages, or Sca'cn£ers Reward, as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper; but previous to such Contraft such Notice shall be given of the Intention of the said Commissioners to enter into such Contraft, as herein before is directed to be given for displacing or removing any Officer or Officers under this Act; and the Person appointed Scavenger by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall His Business. at least Twice in every Week, or oftener if the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall so director appoint, bring or cause to be brought, by himself or his Servants or Agents, such Sort of Cart or Carts or other Carriages as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall direct or appoint, into all and every the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, and other public Passages where such Carts or Carriages can pass, and shall at or before his or their Approach, by Sound of Bell, Horn, or Clapper, give Notice to the Inhabitants of their coming, and give the like Notice in every Court or Place into which the said Carts or Carriages cannot pass, and shall abide and flay a convenient Time, in or near the said places respectively, to the Intent that all 1’cifons concerned may bring forth their respective Dirt,

Ashes, and Filth, to the Doors of their respective Houses or other Premises wherefrom the said Scavenger, his Servants or Agents, shall take and put up the same into such Cart or Carriage, and shall carry, or cause to be carried away the same, to such Places as the said Commissioners shall appoint as aforesaid; and every Person acting as a Scavenger, for the Time being, shall cause all and every the Carts and Carriages, to be employed for the Purposes aforesaid, to have painted in large Roman Letters in the Front, ormost confpU cuous Part thereof, THE SCAVENGER’S CART, or such other Words or Letters as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall direct or appoint; and no Person or Persons whomsoever, ex- Penalty on taking cept such Scavenger, his Servants or Agents, shall take or carry away, or cause to be taken or carried away, away Aih«% &c. any Soil, Ashes, Dufl, Dirt, Muck, Dung, or Manure from any House, in any of the said Streets, yot being intU Squares, Lants, Courts, Ways, or other publick Passages (except such Dung, Soil, or Manure, as such ted lhcrcl0> Person, or his Matter or Principal, shall lawfully and bona fide purchase and receive of such Persons as are intitled to sell the same by v’ntue of this Act) or drive any Cart or Carriage through any or either of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, or other publick Pafifiges, with or without a Bell, Horn, or Clapper for that Purpose, or with the Words SCAVENGERS CART., or such other Words or Letters as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall at any Time direct or appoint to be painted on the Scavengers Carts or Carriages painted thereon; or call for any Ashes, Dufl, Dirt, Muck,

Dung, or Manure at any House or Place within the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, or other publick Passages, with an Intent to take or carry away the same (except for such Dung, Soil, or Manure as

such

726

a*J on Iuli#bi-t-rnts delivering tht time.

Selvrnjer to clo mic ihe n

Stitcts, &c.

and remote the Sjil in dueTiaic.

Penalty on Ne-

Hrjvsnfer pnr-chjTng A'hfj, «viC. not hereby e»cnipieJ Iroin I’enaky.

Commissioner* msy order the Street*, Arc. to be new paved,

1

in Manner here directed.

Pavements injured by Water Company, to be made good at their tx pence.

Penalty on Default,

Commissioner* m?y conti for the Paving, &c.

Notice thereof to be given.

C. 25. Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

such Person, or his Mailer or Principal, shall lawfully and bona fide have purchased of such Persons as are intitled to sell the same by virtue of this Act) upon Pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, the Sum of Twenty Shillings 5 and if any Inhabitant of any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, or other publick Pall^ges shall deliver, or cause, permit, or fufrer to be delivered, his, her, or their Allies, Cinders, Dung. Dust, Dirt, Soil, Manure or Rubbish (except such as they are hereby authorised to sell or dispose of as aforesaid) to or for any Person or Persons who shall come or call for the same, with any Cart or Carriage, not having the Words, THE SCAVENGER’S CART, or such other Words or Letters as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall direct or appoint, painted thereon; such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Scavenger shall, when and as often as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall direct or appoint, cause as well the Foot-ways as Carriageways of all and every the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, Gateways, and other public Passages, to be taken, (craped, swept, and cleansed, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper; and the Dirt, Soil, and Rubbish, then and there found, collected, or being, shall take and carry away, or cause to be taken and carried away, immediately, or within such Time as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall direct or appoint, upon pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, the Sum of Ten Shillings; and in case such Scavenger, his Servants or Agents, shall not well and truly do, perform, and execute, or cause to be done, performed, and executed, all and every the Articles, Matters, and Things, in this Act particularly directea to be done and performed by him, his Servants or Agents, and also all and every such Matters and Things as he shall contract or agree to do in his Articles or Contracts, with the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, or which shall be mentioned for him or them to do in his Appointment under the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, such Scavenger shall, for every Omission of himself, or his Servants or Agents, for which no particular Penalty is herein before inflicted, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings; and in case^the Person purchasing the Ashcs, Dust, Dirt, Muck, Dung, Soil, or Manure of the LiJ Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall happen to be the Scavenger (which it shall and may be lawful for him tobe) such Person shall nevertheless be liable to all and every the Penalties aforesaid, as well for the Omission of himself, as of his Servants or Agents, in such and the same Manner as if he was the Scavenger only, and had not bought, purchased, or contracted fur the said Alhcs, Dust, Dirt, Muck, Dung, Soil, or Manure.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time, and at all Times, when and so often as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper, to order or direct all or any of the Pavements in the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, and other publick Passages now in being, or hereafter to be made, within the said Parishes, Wards, or Places, in the said Town or Liberties thereof, or any Part or Parts of such Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, and other publick Passages, as well those Parts used by Carriages as those used by Foot-passengers, to be taken up, and the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, and other publick Passages to be paved, relayed^ repaired, raif d, lowered, or altered, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think pro;>er (except as herein after is particularly mentioned); and the Person or Persons authorised or directed by them to do the same, hath and have hereby full Power and Authority to do the same accordingly; and all the Foot-ways, where practicable, shall be paved withFiatners or smooth Pavement, at the Discretion of the Lid Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them; and all the Horse and Carriage-ways, with good Ragstones, Pebbles, or otherwise, as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall see fit and proper,

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Part or Parts of the Pavement in any or either of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, or other publick Passages, shall be taken up, injured, or damaged by any Agent, Servant, or Person employed by or under the Commissioners of the Water-works of the said Town and Liberties thereof; the same Pavement shall, with convenient Speed, be repaired, relayed, and made good by the said Agent, Servant, or other Person so employed as aforesaid, in such Form and Manner, and according to such Direction, as the Pavior or Paviors for the Time being, employed by the Commissioners appointed by this Act, shall order and direct, concerning the same; and if such Agent, Servant, or Person employed by the Commissioners of the Water-works for the Purposes aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to repave, relay, and make good the Pavement so to be taken up by them, or either of them, within Fourteen Days after the taking up the said Pavements, or after such Injury or Damage shall be done as aforesaid, such Agent, Servant, or Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, may, and they are hereby impowered, from Time to Tims, as Occasion shall require, to contract with any Person or Persons for paving, relaying, repairing, railing, lowering, or altering all or any of the said Streets, Squares, Lancs, Courts, Ways, and other publick Passages, and the paving and pitching of the same respectively, and also the paving and pitching under or through any of the publick Gates, Bridges, or Pofteras of the said Town, (except as herein after is mentioned); and also for the keeping the same or any of them in good and sufficient Repair for such Time as the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall think proper; but previous to the making of any such Contract, such Notice shall be given of the Intention of the said Commissioners to enter into the same, as is herein before directed to be given for displacing or removing any Officer or Officers under this Act, in order for any Person or Persons, willing to undertake the same, to deliver in Proposals for that Purpose, as the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shal] direct or appoint.

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 25. 727

XVI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to Impbweror oblige the Extn Pavement* said Commissioners to make any other Pavements in the Street or Place called The Above Bar, within the toteraarte^nAii said Ward of All Saints, extra, than a Foot-pavement from the Corner of Heundwel!-la*e on the East Side 61,0 a

of the said Street called The Above Bar, to the North Corner of a certain Stable* now belonging to and in the Possoffion of Charles Gore Esquire, on the same East Side; and from the South Corner of the George Inn on the West Side of the same Street, to the North Comer of a certain Stable* now belonging to and in the Post'ession of Richard Collins Esquire, on the same West Side; with Croffings at such Places as the said Commissioners, or any Seven oY* moreof them, shall think proper; and also Horse-flatners from the North End of the Postern on the East Side of the Bar Gate, across and unto the North Corner of the said Mound well-lane.

XVII. Provided also* That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to the paving, repairing* or ComiRiflinnen cleaning of the Water-gate Quay, or the Weft Quay, in the said Town or Liberties, or eithernot °^ed to

Of them ' pa?e ibeQuaya

XVIII. Provided also* That nothing in this Act contained shall extend1 to oblige the said Commis- norPaffjge from sioners to pave a certain Way or Passage behind the Walls* leading from Eqftgate to Bridewell; neverthe- East-gateco Jess that the said Way or Passage shall and may be pitched or gravelled, and from Time to Time cleahfed Bridewell; and kept in Repair, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Sseven or more of them, shall order

and direct.

XIX. Provided also* That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to impower or oblige the said Com- P|*ee« here missioners to light or watch, or to pave, repair, or cleanse any Street or Highway lying within the said naentionej. Ward called East-Jireet and Bag-row, nor to either of the Highways callec\^Moun dwell-lane, and Windmill-

lane, nor to the Carriage-way of any Street or High-way, being Part of any Turn pike-road, or to obstruct the Trustees in the Execution of any Act of Parliament made for the Repair of such Turnpike-road* otherwise than is in and by this Act particularly directed with respect to FoOt-ways and Croffings. '

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That ifat any Time hereafter Two-thirds of the Propria On w!»e Condi-ctors of the Houses (handing and being within the said Ward of East-street and Bag-row, shall be desirous totion Eart-ftrwt take the Benefit of this Act* and to have the same lighted and watched, and also to have a Foot-pavement *n10*-*ow made from the Foot of the Bridge on the East Side of the East-gate, to tie Church called Saint Mary’s

Church; and that the same should be made and repaired* cleansed and kept free from Nuisances, Annoyan- tfoconimri-

ccs* and other Obstructions; and shall signify the same under their Hands to the said Commissioners or

any Seven or more of them, and the said Commissioners or any Seven or more of them shall appiovc there*-

of; then all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted shall extend, and have relation as Well to the said Foot-pavement, as to the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, and other publick Passages

herein before mentioned, as fully and effectually as if the same had bfcen herein before inserted and directed

any Thing, herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. Provided also, That before any Rate or Assessinenc shall bemade for the Purposes of defray in# the the Propri-. Charges of the said Foot-pavement, or of purchasing Lamps, or building Watch-houses or Stands, to be etors thtr: at placed or erected in East-street and Bag-row \ it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, rated;

or any Seven or more of them, to rate and assess all and every the Houses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens;

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in East-street and Bag-row (except as aforesaid) towards thfe Costs and Charges of obtaining this Act, in such Sum or Sums of Money as the Proprietors of the said Houses, Buildings, Yards* Gardens* Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments would have been liable to pay* if they had been originally included in this Act, and had been rated and assisted irt pursuance thereof; and also to raise* by the like Rates and Assessments, such further Sum or Sums as the Proprietors last above mentioned would have been liable to pay, if they had been included, from Time to Time, in the several Rates and Assessments made for paving, cleansing, repairing, lighting, and watching by virtue oi this Act: Which said several Sums of Money so to be raised as aforesaid, shall be paid and appropriated by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, in the same Manner as the Monies to be raised, by the other Rates and A ill* Aments, are by this Act directed to be applied.

XXII. Provided also, That the said Rates and Assessments, and also the Rates and Assessments for mak- f. ing the said Foot-pavement, purchasing the said Lamps* and building the said Watch-houses and Stands for ^j^(u the First Time, shall be imposed on* raised, and paid by the same Person and in the same Manner as the pL«f.Um Rates and Assessments for paving, repairing, cleansing* fighting, and watching the other Streets, Squares,

Lancs* Courts, Ways, and other publick Passages in the said Town and Liberties thereof are herein directed to be imposed* raised and paid for the First Time.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences attending the procuring and patting

of this Act, and of the paving, pitching, and putting in Repair the said Streets, Squares* Lanes* Courts, able to ti t i tfr Ways, and other publick Pauages by virtue of this Act, and for the First Time be a Charge on, and shall K.ue.

Uj raised and paid by the several Owners and Proprietors of the several Houses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens,

Lands, Tenements*, and Hereditaments within the said several Wards and Parishes of Saint Michael, and S lint John, Holy Rhood, Saint Lawrence* All Saints within the Bar, and All Saints without the Bar, in the said Town and Liberties of the same; and aKb by the Owners and Proprietors of the Wharfs, Storehouses,

Houses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate upon any of the Quays within the said own, and Liberties of the same (Gardens used by Gardeners in their Trade, and Arable*

Meadow, and Pasture Lands only excepted) in the Manner and at the Times herein after mentioned (that is to say) That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Fourteen or more of them, and they are hereby impowered and required* when and as soon as any One of the said Streets shall be paved, pitched, and finished, and not before, to make, aliefs, and impoie an equal Pound-rate on all

728

c.

25. Anno decimo Georcsii III. A.D. 1770.

and every of the Houses, Wharfs, Storehouses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments (except as is before excepted) according to the yearly Value of the same respectively; and from and out of the Monies arising therefrom to pay and defray the Coils and Charges of making such Pavement, and also the Expences of procuiing this Act; and so, from Time to Time, when and as soon as any other of the said Streets, Lanes, Courts, Ways, and other publick Passages shall be paved and repaired, to make the li<e Rate and Assessment upon the said Premises in Manner aforesaid, and out of the Monies arising from such Rate to defray the Colls and Expences of paving and repairing the same.

XXIV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to impower the said Commissioners, or any of them, to collect! or raise, for the paying the Charges and Expences of procuring and Expences of paving, pitching, and putting in Repair the said

and other publick Passages in the said Town and Liberties as aforesaid, for the Firth Time, any further or larger Sum of Money in the Whole than the Sum of Five thousand Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Charges and Expences to be assessed and raised as aforesaid, shall be paid to the Collector for the Time being appointed by the said Commissioners, or any SevcR or more of them, by the Tenants or Occupiers of the said Houses, Wharfs, Storehouses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, except as aforesaid; and such Tenants or Occupiers shall be at Liberty, and they are hereby impowered to deduct and retain out of his, her, or their Rent or Rents such Sum or Sums of Money, as they shall respectively pay on account thereof for the Owners or Proprietors of the said Houses, Wharfs, Storehouses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, who are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments upon the Receipt of the Residue of their Rents, any Lease or Contract to the contrary notwithstanding: And if any Tenant or Occupier of any House, Wharf, Starehouse, Building, Yard, Garden, Land, Tenement, of* Hereditament within the said Parishes or Places in the said Town or Liberties, shall neglect or refuse to pay such Charges within Ten Days after Demand thereof by Notice, in Writing, under the Hand of the said Collector, to be delivered to or left at the Dwelling-house of such Tenant or Occupier, the Time shall and may be levied on every such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Town of Swibampton^ returning the Overplus ( if any) after deducting all Costs and Charges attending the same, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods or Chattels so di (trained, on Demand; and where any House, Wharf, Storehouse, Building, Yard, Garden, Piece of Land, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be Jet or demised to more than One Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, any One or more of such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall be deemed the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Charges shall be levied by Distress and^ Sale of all or any of the Goods or Chattels in such House, Whaif, Storehouse, Building, Yard, Garden, Piece of Land, Tenement, or Hereditament: And in case any Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall remove out of such House, Building, Yard, Garden, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, before such Charges shall be paid by him, her, or them; or if the Goods and Chattels of such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall be deficient to defray such Charges; or if it shall happen any of the said Houses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be empty at the Time the said Pavements shall be begun, then, and in every such Case, such Houses, Wharfs, Storehouses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be, and the same are hereby made a Security for and chargeable with all such Charges; and the same shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale, by Warrant ias aforesaid, of any Goods or Chattels which shall after be found in or upon the same Houses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of the Goods and Chattels of the Owner or Owners of such Houses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in case such Owner or Owners shall neglect or refuse to pay the same for the Space of Twenty Days next after the same shall be demanded of him, her, or them, by Notice, in Writing, under the Hand of the said Collector, to be delivered to or left at the Dwelling-house or usual Place of Abode of such Owner or Owners, in case such Owner or Owners shall then live within the said Town or Liberties of Southampton^ and in case such Owner or Owners shall not live wi hin the said Town or Liberties, then under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any Oncor more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Borough, Town, Division, or Place where such Owner or Owners shall reside; and in case any Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall pay to the said Collector more Money on account of the said Charges than shall be due from him, her, or them, for the Rent of hi, her, or their House, Wharf, Storehouse, Building, Yard, Garden, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, the Overplus thereof shall and may be levied on the Owner or Owners of such House, Wharf, Storehouse, Building, Yard, Garden, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, by Distress and Sale of the Goods or Chattels of such Owner or Owners, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Borough, Town, Division, or Place where such Goods or chattels shall be; such Owner or Owners having refused or neglected to pay the same, for the Space of Ten Days after Demand made thereof by such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, his or their Attorney or Agent for that Purpose appointed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences attending the paving, relaying, repairing, and keeping in Repair the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, and other publick Passages now in being or hereafter to be made within the said several Parishes, Wards, and Places in the said r\ own and Liberties thereof, after the respective Pavements therein shall have been compleated, for the P irft Time by virtue of this Act; and also the Charges and Expences attending the sweeping and cleaning the same, from and after the passing of this Act; and also of the defraying the Salaries and Wages of all

more flan cool, to Ue raised by the First Rate.

Tenant': to pay the R.ires a^d rledutft the same r'ut of their Keats.

Ra*e.«may be levied by Distress, any of the Tenantj.

miiiiontTb, or dny ui 10 ur i

passing of this Act, and the Charges and Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways,

€>n Removal, See, of Tenants,

Premises to re-fciain a Security.

*l>nant3 pJying more than is due.

Overplus may be 1 vied on Owners,

after roDjys Reluf.il.

After first Com-ple:ion «t the Pavements, &c.

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 25. 729

Officers and other Persons to be appointed and employed by virtue thereof, and all incidental Charges and Expences attending the Execution of this Act, and of the Powers herein granted, shall be a Charge on, and be raised and paid out of the several Houses, Wharfs, Storehouses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said several Parishes and Wards of Saint Michael, Spirit John, Holy Rhood, Saint Lawrence. AI Saints within the Bar% and All Saints without the Bar in the said Town or Liberties of Southampton (Gardens used by Gardeners in their Trade, and Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Lands only excepted); and also shall be charged on and be raised and paid out of the several Houses, Wharfs, Storehouses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments situate on the said Quays within the Town aforesaid and Liberties of the same: And, for defraying such Charges and Expences, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, Once in every Year after the passing of this Act, and oftener, if they, or any Seven or more of them, shall think necessary, the First Year to be computed from such One of the Feasts of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin

Mary the Nativity of Saint John the Bapti/l, Saint Michael the Archangel^ and Saint Thomas the Apostle, as r shall first happen next after the passing of this ACI, and every succeeding Year from the said Feast Day on all b happening as aforesaid, to make One or more Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, upon the several wum, Houses, Wharfs, Storehouses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the said several Parishes, Wards, and Places within the said Town or Liberties as aforesaid (except as before excepted); and also upon the several Houses, Wharfs, Storehouses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate on the said Quays within the said Town or Liberties of the same, according to the yearly Value thereof respectively, to be settled jnd ascertained by the said Commissioners, thVf°j,mcr

or any Nine or more of them 5 and the Monies lo rated and assessed shall be colleifed, raised, and levied £alc*

(ages for the First Time,

XXVII. Provided always, That the said Rates or Assesshrnts shall not, in any One Year, exceed in the Hut nottoercced Whole the SumofTwohundred Pounds; and so as that no new Rate or Assessment shall at any Time be made 2'°

until the Sum or Sums raised by the former Rate shall be expended; and in case the Money collected in any D^'fTPfrro be One Year shall not be sufficient to answer the Purposes for which the same was rated or assessed, such Defi- fis^carrieA

ciency shall be supplied out of the next Year’s Rate 5 and in case there shall not remain, at the End of any the next* One Year, any Surplus collected by virtue of this Act in that Year, such Surplus shall be applied in Aid of Rate, the succeeding Year’s Rates or Assessments.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall exrend to Limitation of Af-irapower the said Commissioners, or any ef them, to rate and affcfs any House pr other Building beyond or fciTh.ent north-northward of the said Stables of Charles Gore and Richard Collins Esquires; any Thing herein contained to waid*

the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Messuage, Tenement, or o her Building newly Building! not to erefled, and no new Buildings whatsoever which shall at any Time hereafter be eroded or built in any of be rifeduii uc-the said Parishes or Places liable to be rated or assessed by virtue of this ACI, shall be rated or assessed by cupied. virtue hereof, until the same shall respectively have been used or occupied; and that where any House or

other Building in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Wa>s, or other publick Passages shall House«howt#

be rebuilt, the same shall be built in such. Manner that the Fronts thereof shall not project further into any rcbuUt.

of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, and other publick Passages than the old Foundation;

and so as that no Bulk or Bow-window on the Ground Floor be set up or erected before the Front of such

House or Building, without Consent in Writing of the Majority of the said Commissioners at a General

Meeting to be held for that Purpose, such Majority to consist of Fourteen Commissioners at the

least.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Bulk, Bulk-window, Bow-window on the Ground Floor, proj^ions mly projecting Window-shutter, Porch, Rails, or Penthouses, shall be permitted in any Part of the said Streets, berepuhtH in 7 Courts, Lanes, Ways, or other publick railages, which shall not be Twenty-four Feet in Width; and narrow Su«t«. the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, are hereby impowered to take down any Bulk-window, Bow-window on the Ground Floor^ projecting Window-mutter, Porch, Rails, of Penthouses,

which shall be set up, eroded, or built, in the same Manner, and to set the same Fines and Penalties as are directed and provided, for removing and taking down any Spout or Sign projecting as aforesaid.

XXXI. Provided always, That if the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall at any Persont unjer-Time or Times hereafter, in any Rates or Assessmciits by them to be made, by virtue or in pursuance of

this Act, neglect or omit to rate or assess any Person or Persons liable to such Rate or Assessments, or nr, ers nu* ",fc shall under-rate or assess any Person or Persons liable to such Rates or Assessments, and therein rated oral- 1 c,n* felled; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Fourteen or more of them, to rate and assess such Person or Persons, so omitted or under-rated, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Fourteen or more of them, shall seem.just; and such Addition or Alteration shall be as valid to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if the same had been Part of the original Rates or Assessments; any Statute, Law, ufiige, or Custotn, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Monies collected by virtue of this AO, shall M ,n.y K.n be loft by Insolvency or otherwise, the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may Iniotvino, U make an additional Rate or Assessment for supplying and making good such Deficiencies, and Charges oc- nwdeguod, cafioned by or on account of the same; which additional Rate or Assessment shall be recovered in the same f

730 C 25. Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

Manner as the onginal or annual Rates or Assessments herein before enacted are'directed to be made or recovered; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And Whereas some Doubts may hereafter arise who ffrould be deemed the Owner or Owners of the several Houses, Wharfs, Storehouses, Buildings, Yards, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, round rent?, c to be rated or a He fled by virtue of this Act: For removing whereof,9 be it further enacted, That neither &c. not charge- the Mayor, Bailiffs, or Burgesses, of the Town of &outbcmptony nor any other Body or Bodies Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, shall, on account of any Ground-rent, Quit-rent, or other Acknowledgement, Sum or Sums of Money, in Nature of a Ground-rent or Quit-rent, issuing out of or payable for any such Messuage, Wharf, Storehouse, Yard, Garden, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, or on account of their Reversion or Interest of or in the Messuage, Wharf, Storehouse, Yard, Garden, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, for which such Ground-rent, Quit-rent, Acknowledgment, Sum or Sun?s of Money shall be payable, be considered, deemed, taken, or ad-» judged to be the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Messuage, Yard, Wharf, Storehouse, Garden, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; but the Lessee or Lessees of the said Mayor, Bailiffs, Bur- gestes, or of such other Person or Persons, or their Assigns, shall, during the Exigence of the Term for which such Messuage^ Wharf, Storehouse, Yard, Garden, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be demised, be considered, deemed, taken and adjudged, for all and every the Purposes of this Act, to be the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of such Messuage, Wharf, Storehouse, Garden, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments i a$d shall during such Term bear and pay all Expences and Impositions whatsoever by F orce or V irtue hereof, to bp borpe or defrayed by the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietor, of the said Messuage, Wharf, Storehouse, Yard, Garden, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

M XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven or naore of them, may ruisobe atc* cause to be dug, carted, and carried^ out of, or brought into the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, brought into the Ways, and other publick Passages, or into any or either of them, such Gravel, Stones, or other Materials,

Snccu} and employ such Artificers, Carters, and others, and do all and every such other Acts and Things as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall judge necessary or conducive to the accomplishing the Ends and Designs of this Act. fct up Post* and

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall Rail*. and may cause to be set up Posts of Wood or Stone in such Parc or Parts of all or amy of the said Streets,

Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, and other, publick Passages, as they shall judge necessary, and also may set up Ports and Rails for preventing of Accidents or Casualties; nvl the Exp. dccs thereof shall be borne*

and defrayed by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, out of the Monies arising from the said Rates or Assessments.

make Drain*.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That for the better carrying this Act into Execution, it shall and *c. may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven pr more of them, to make or cause to be

made, Sefipools, Bunt i;s, Watercourses, Drains, and Sewers, and for that Purpose to enter by thero-selves, or by any Person or Persons employed by them, on the Lands of any Person or Persons which shall be deemed necessary for that Purpose, and to dig, fink, and build, and from Time to Time, whenever it shall be requisite, to repair the same, doing as little Damage as may be, and making good all such Damages-as shall be done; and to cut through any VVall or Walls, or otherwise into old Seflpooh, Bunnies, Ditches^ Drains, and Sewers, if the same shall be found necessary and proper, and to enlarge or alter the same; and the Expences attending the Building, making^ and keeping in Repair, from Time to Time, all such ScfT-pools, Bunnies, Watercourses, Drains, and bewers, and the said other Works, and the Damages occasioned thereby, shall be paid and defrayed ouf of the Rates or AfiefUnents to be raised as aforesaid j and the same shall for ever thereafter be deemed publick Seflpook,.Bunnies, Watercourses, Drains, Sewers, and Works; any Law, Custom, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

»na alter the XXX

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for tike said Commissioniets, Col, tfr of Gut- or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time, to direct and cause the Course of any Gutter or Chan-i«s, &c, nc| running in or through the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, and other publick Passages, or either of them, to be turned or altered in such Manner as they shall think proper; and to direct the Grates already placed or hereafter to be placed over any Sewer, to be removed, and replaced in such Manner, and at such Place and Places as they mail think proper; all which shall from Time to Time be done at the £x-pence of the said Commissioners, and paid for by them, or any Seven ot more of diem, out of the Money arising from the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding: And all Gutters or Watercourses from the Houses to the Carriageway, shall be made under the Foot-ways where practicablej and be constructed or made in such Manner, and witfe such Materials as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall direct or appoint*

Comir.iiTu>nrrs

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That for the more effectual carrying this Act into Execution, n ay <ng t),e said Coiiunissioners, or any Seven or more of them, or any Surveyor or other Person to be employed by

At# them? or any Person or Persons to be appointed or employed by such Surveyor or other Person, shall and

may, and they are hereby impowered to dig for, take, and carry away, any Gravel or other Materials fit and proper for the paving and covering the Pavements, and pitching of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, and other publick Passages, or which they shall adjudge necessary or fitting to be used in or about the find Streets, Squares, Lancs, Courts, Ways, Gateways, and other publick Passages, or for any other Purpose whatsoever in the Execution of this Act, or any of the Powers and Authorities herein contained, in such and the same Manner, and in and from such and the same Places, as the Surveyors of the Highways are now impowered by Law to do, in order for the repairing the Highways within the said several Parishes and Places, or withia any of the Liberties of the said Town*

e

WLeffce* to

F»y-

Commissioners

A.D.

1770.

Anno decimo Ge(Jrgii III.

C. 2$. 731

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, X^at from and after the paflirtg of this Act, no Petfoft or Per-Penalty on ivr-fons shall make or cause to be made, any Alteration in the Form of any of the Pavements of the said

Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, or publick Passages, or any Part or Parts thereof, without the 0 _avc’

Consent and Direction of the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, under their Hands upon Pain of forfeiting for every such Offenc1, the Sum of Forty Shillings, over and above all Expen- ces incurred or to be incurred in reinstating the same.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Two Housekeepers within the said Parishes and Places Upon Conn plaint, shall make Complaint in Writing under their Hands to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of Commissioners them, of any Defector Want of Repair in any of the Pavements of any of the said Streets, Squares, order Rc"

Lanes, Courts, Ways, or other publick Passages, after the same shall have been new paved or repaired pair1,

by virtue of this Act; then, and in every such Case, the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall forthwith cause the Pavement so complained of to be inspected by some Person or Persons to 1 be appointed by them for that Purpose; and if the same shall by him or them be found defective, and fb reported to be to the said Commissioners, the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall penary on pa-forthwith give Orders to their Contractor or Pavior to repair the same; and if the Contractor or Pavior tior’i Neglect. to the said Commissioners, to whom such Order shall be given, shall not, within Four Days next after the Receipt thereof, repair the said defective Pavements, then, and in every such Case, the said Contractor or Pavior, shall forfeit and nay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Day that the said defective Pavement shall remain unrepaired after the Expiration of the said Four Days.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, ilia'll Commissionen have full Power and Authority to cause the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, and other publick Passages, to be Watered as often as they shall think fit; and also to cause any Pump or Pumps, Con- a° d mcCou-duit or Conduits, now {landing in any or either of the Publick Streets or Passages of the said Town to be its, &c. removed and placed and set up in more convenient Places; and to defray the Expences thereof out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of the Rates and Assessments by this Act directed to be made.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall Names of the and may cause to be engraved, painted, or otherwise described in Wood or Ston% or otherwise to be Streets to be put placed on a conspicuous Part of any One or more House or Houses, Building or Buildings, :.t or near up* each End, Corner, or Entrance of each of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, or other

fmblick Passages, the Name by which each respective Street, Square,'Lane, Court, Way, or other publick Passage is usually called or known; and may also cause every Ho jfc, Shop, Warehouse, or Building and Houftmom* in each of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, or other publick Passages, to be marked or bcrcJ* numbered, in such Manner as they shall think most proper for distingudhing the same; and if any Person pfnilty on <?e-pr Persons shall wilfully or malitiously destroy, pull down, injure, obliterate, or deface any such Name, facing the same. Description, Mark, or Number, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commifli mers, or any Seven or more of them, shall Comnvfl»onrr« and may, at any Time after the passing of this Act, cause Notice to be given to the respective Owners ma>‘ d»rct ow. or Occupiers of the fevetal Houses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, 5- uiudown in the said several Parishes, Wards, and Places within the said Town or Liberties, or takedown, remove, alter, or regulate all Signs, or other Emblems used to denote the Trade, Occupation, or Calling of any Person or Persons, Sign-posts, Sign-irons, Shew-boards, Spouts, Gutters, Sheds, Butchers Gallowfcs,

Pens, Sand-pens, Dung-pens, Shambles, Blocks, Chopping-blocks, Cellar-windows, 'Frees, and Post>, projecting into, or fbanding or being in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts Waysf or other publick Passages, and all other Encroachments, Nuisances, or Annoyances, whnrCever, projecting into, c5r Handing or being in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, or other publick Passages, in such Manner as they shall think proper; and to cause all Signs, or other Emblems as aforesaid, Shew-boards, Spouts, and Gutters, or such Part thereof as they shall think fit, to be attix-ed or placed on the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings wheretinto they respectively belong or were before affixed, and not otherwise; and in case the resp-clive Owners or Occupiers shall ro and pV? rUm fuse or neglect so to do for the Space of Ten Days next after such Notice shall he given to him, her, or them »g*nfl iheu respectively (which Notice shall be given in Writing under the Hand of the said Collector for the Time being, and delivered to* or left at the Dwelling-house or usual Place of Abode of such Owner or Occu- on after

piery it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of th.m, to n\:UC, cause such Sign9, Emblems, Sign-ports, Sign-irons, Shew-boards, Spouts, Gutters, Sheds, Butchers Gallowfcs, Pens, Sand-pens, Dung-pens. Shambles* Blocks, Chopping-Blocks, Cellar-windows, Trees, and Posts, and all other Encroachments, Nuisances or Annoyances whatsoever, to be taken down, removed, altered, and regulated in such Manner as they shall think proper 3 and shall cause all Signs, or other Emblems aforesaid, Shew-boards, Spouts, and Gutters, or such Parts thereof as they shall tl link tit, Commissioners to be affixed or placed on the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings whereunto they re- do ihcumc* spectively belong, or were before affixed, and riot otherwise; and shall return, or cuufc to be returned, to their respective Owners, or to be left on the Spot, or so near as conveniently may be, for such Owner or Owners, so much of such Signs or other Emblems, Sign-posts or other Ports, irons, Shew-boards,

Spouts, Gutters, Sheds, Butchers Gallowfcs, Pens,' Sand-pens, Dung-pens, Shambles, Blocks, Chopping-blocks, Cellar-windows, Trees, and Posts, or other Encroachments, Nuisances, or Annoyances whatsoever* as shall not be affixed or put up, or otherwise made use of, in the Alterations directed by this Act; and the Charges and Expences attending the same, shall and may be recovered of the Owner or Occupier thereof respectively, in the same Manner as the Charges and Expences of paving the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, and other publick Passages, for the First Time, are herein directed to be recovered: And if any Person or Persons shall* at any Time or Times hereafter, hang, place*

5A2 ©

732

j*im recover the Expence.

C. 25.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

A.D.

Commissionen way dre& Tenant* to affix Gutters, &c. down the Sides / their Houses.

I77°*

erect, or build any Sign, Sign-post, or other Pott, Sign-iron, Shew-board, Spout, Gutter, Shed, Butchers Gallowfc«, Pen, Sand-pen, Dung-pen, Pump, Shamble, Block, Chopping-Block, Cellar-window, Tree, or Pott, or other Encroachment, Nuisance, or Annoyance whatsoever, or cause the same to be done, contrary to the Directions aforesaid; every Person so ofiending shall, for every such Offence, for-Penalty ©n fuW fcjt amj pay the Sum of Five Pounds, and the further Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Day such quest ence. Offence fyia]] continue 5 and the Matter Workman employed to erect, build, do, or perform the same, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to order the same to be taken down, removed, altered, or regulated in such Manner as they, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper; and the Person or Persons so Penalty on Maf. ordered to take down, remove, alter, or regulate the same, shall have hereby full Pow er and Authority ter Workman. to down, remove, alter, or regulate the same accordingly, without any Notice or Warning to be given to the Owner, *Tenant, or Occupier to take down, remove, alter, or regulate the same; and PerfommipJoyH where any Bulks, Pent-houses, and Erections shall appear to have been made, erected, and set up before remove Signs, the Front or Fronts of any or either of the said Houses or Buildings, within Six Months next before the Ac, mderanmed. passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to cause the same to be removed, taken down, and regulated in the same Manner as is hereby provided and enacted concerning all or any or either of the Nuifaiices, Annoyances, Obstiuitions, and Encroachments herein before fp.cifically named

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if no Spout or Gutter shall be affixed to any House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building for conveying the Waters from the Roofs, Eaves. Cornices, and Pent-houses of the said House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building, and so into the common Channels or Drains, by proper and sufficient Pipes or Trunks to be fixed to the Side of such House, W are-house. Shop, or other Building 5 it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or arty Seven or more of them, to cause Fourteen Days Notice to be given to the Tenants or Occupiers f such House, Shop, Warehouse, or Building, by Writing under the Hand of any One or more of the Officer or Officers to be appointed by the said Commissioners; and such Notice shall be left at, or fixed upon the most conspicuous Part of, such House or Building, to affix a good and sufficient Spout, Pip?, Trunk, or Gutter, or good and sufficient Spouts, Pipes, Trunks, or Gutters to such House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Buildings, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper, for conveying the Water from such House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building, down by the #nNegltACom- Side of the said House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building, and so into the common Channel or Drains; missionersmaydo and in case such Spout, Pipe, Trunk, or Gutter, Spouts, Pipes, Trunks, or Gutters shall not be affixed, or the Drips from such Houses, Shops, Warehouses, and other Buildings shall not be stopped and prevented within Fourteen Days next after the leaving or fixing such Notice, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to cause a Spout, Pipe, Trunk, or Gutter, Spouts, Pipes, Trunks, or Gutters, to be affixed to such House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building, and the said Drips to be altered, stopped, and regulated; and the Expences attending the lame shall be borne and defrayed by the Owner or Owners of such House, Shop, Warehouse or Building, and shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Tenant and Occupier of such House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold; or it shall and may be lawful for such Tenant or Occupier to fix up such Spouts, Pipes, Trunks, or Gutters, and to deduct and retain the Charges and Expences thereof, and also the Money which shall or may be levied upon the Goods and Chattels of any such Tenant or Occupier aforesaid, out of his or her Rent; and every Owner, Proprietor*or Landlord is required to allow the same accordingly.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall set, place, or expose posing'Good* to to Sale, or cause, permit, or suffer to be set, placed, or exposed to Sale, any Goods, Chattels, Wares, or sne on Flaps, Merchandizes whatsoever on any Flap, Window-shutter, or other Thing whatsoever, moveable or fixed, projecting into any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, or other publick Passages, beyond the present Bulk; every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever, except in Cases of absolute Necessity, shall hoop, cleanse, wafti, or feald any Calk, or hew or saw* or cause 10 be hewed or fav/ed, any Stone, Wood, or Timber, or bind, make, or repair any Wheel, or shoe or bleed, clean or dress, or turn or drive loose any Horse, or wet, flack, or mix any Lime, or wet, mix, or make any Mortar, or throw or scale at any Cock or Fowl, in the Manner called Cock Scalings or set up any Cock or Fowl to be thrown or fcaied at, or shall make or affitt in the making any Fire or Fires, commonly cal-aiaking Bonfire!, }ej Bonfires, or shall set Fire to, or let off, or throw any Squib, Serpent, Rocket, or Fireworks whac-Ac* soever, in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, Gateways, or other publick Passages,

or shall set, place, or expose to Sale, or cause, permit, or fufter to be set, placed, or exposed to Sale, any Goods, Chattels, Wares, or Merchandizes whatsoever, on the Foot or Carriage Way of any of the *obfH'jfUng the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, or other publick Passages, or any Part or Parts thereof; or by cxpofin* hang up or expose any ds. Wares, or Merchandizes, or Matter or Thing, so as to obstruct or incom-

Goous to file, rnode the Paiiage of the Foot-way or Carriage-way of any of the said Sreets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, Gate-ways, or other publick Passages; every Person so offending in either of the said cases, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this A<5 contained shall extend, or be deemed, construed, adjudged, or taken to extend, to prevent the holding the Fairs and Markets in the said Town in such and the same Places, and in the same Manner, as the said Fairs and Markets by Law are now intituled to be held; nor to charge any Person or Persons with any Penalty or Penalties in

the U me,

and recover the

penalty on ex-

Ac.

Penalty on hooping Caiks. Ac.

throwing

Cocks,

at

Fair* and Market:. to be hr Id u heretofore*

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III.

C.

25* 733

this Act contained for setting up any Stalls, or for setting, placing, or exposing to Sale, any Goods,

Wares, or Merchandizes in such Fairs or Markets, or the Llace or Places appointed for the holding the same during the Time the said Fairs or Markets is or shall be appointed to be held; this Act or any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall kill, Daughter, fir.ge, feald, realty «n dress, or cut up, or cause to be killed, slaughtered, singed, fealded, dressed, or cut 1 p, any Beaff, Swine,

Calf, Sheep, or other Cattle in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes. Courts, Ways* Gate-ways, or *'

o’her publick Passages, or hang up, or cause to be hung up, any Beau, Swine, Calf, Sheep, or other Cattle, or any Part or Parts thereof, in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, Gateways, or other publick Passages; every rerfoti or Persons so offending, shall, for every such Offence, rfoffcrin*rwine forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings: And if any Swine shall be found wandering about the said $°r^dct m lhe Streets, Sauarcs, Lanes, Courts, Ways, Gate-ways, or other publick Passages, the Owner or Owners 1 *' thereof shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings; and it shall and may be?w5ne,m> lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of the said Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons whornfo- lroPJuaUed» ever, to impound such Swine in the common Pound, or such other Place as shall be appointed for that Purpose determined by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and the same to detain in the said Pound or Place, until the said Sum of Ten Shillings, and the Expence of impounding such Swine, shall an(J not rem be fully paid and satisfied; and if, in such Case, such Penalty and Expences shall not be paid within Six deemed in si* Days after such Swine shall be so impounded, it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons as D»y*» oiay t* shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, for that Purpose, to fell. or cause such Swine to be sold; and the Money arising from the Sale thereof, shall be applied to such and and owinc-the fame Purposes as the Money arising from the Raus or Assessments is hereby directed to be applied; venhtirfs Ubie Provided that whether such Swine shall be so impounded or not, the Owner or Owners thereof shall to Penalty, nevertheless forfeit and pay the said Sum of Ten Shillings.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Hogsty, Laystall, Necessary-house, Flcfh, Dung, Penalty on not Carrion, Blood, Offal, Soil, or Filth, or any of the A/hes, Cinders, or Rubbi/h preserved by Persons removing Nt-by virtue of the Proviso in this Act for that Purpose contained, or any o:her noisome Matter whatsoever, by shall be offensive to any Person in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, and other "

publick Passages, the same shall be deemed a Nuisance, and an Offence against this Act; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of the n, upon Complaint thereof made to them by such Person, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, or under the Hand of their Collector, to order such Nuisance or Offence to be removed by the Person or Persons who ought to remove the same; and in case the same shall not be removed within Three Hays Notice given to the Person or after Three D*y* Persons who ought to remove the same, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Notice. Shillings daily, for every Day the same shall continue unretnoved after the Expiration of the said Three Days.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Necessary-house or Bog-house fn any of the said Streets, penalty of errp-Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, and other publick Passages shall be emptied at any Time, except be- ty:nj Necrifenes tween the Hours of Twelve at Night and Four in the Morning, or the Soil thereof fh,.11 be laid in any *t improper other Place thun shall be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, or 2iiy Seven or more of Hour,‘ them, by any Person or Persons; then and in either of the said cases, as well the Person or Persons oj-occasiotiing knowingly employing any Person or Persons for that Purpose, as the Person or Persons com

Niiifar <cs by the Soli thClCOl.

mitting the Offence, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of f orty Shillings: And if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or negligently spill any Soil of any Necessary-house or Bog-house in any of the f.ud Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, Gate-ways, or other publick Passages; every Person so offending shall, fur every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings.

LI. And be it further en.ifted, That if any Person or Persons who shall contract with the said Com- Penalty of fist-missioners, or any Seven or more of them, to cleanse the said Sreets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, i»g Cin.icu. &c» and other publick Passages as aforesaid, or any of them, or who flvall purchase the Soil thereof of the ,n the StreetI» said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, or any of his. her, or their Servants or Agents; *c' or if any Person or Persons whomsoever, shall fist any Allies, Duff, or Cinders, either in or out of any Cart or Carriage, or in any other Manner howsoever, in any of the said Srcets, Squares Lancs, Courts,.

Ways, or other publick Passages; every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shi1 lings.

Lit. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall throw, caff, or lay, or of or aiming or cause, or permit, or suffer to be thrown, caff, or laid any Ashes, Duff, Dirt, Dung, So;], Filth, or other An;‘u>* "Rubbi/h, or the Refuse of any Garden Stuff, or any Blood, Offal, or Carrion, or any other noisome orancci* offensive Matter or Thing whatsoever, into or in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways,

Gate-ways, or other publick Passages; every Person so offending shall, for the Firff Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Shillings, for the Second Offence the Sum of Ten Shillings, and for the Third and every other Offence the Sum of Twenty Shillings.

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Heart?* m*) be Persons v/homsoever, to erect or set up in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, or *«£*.*. other publick Passages, any Inclosures, Posts, Bars, or Rails, or other Matters or Things for the" Purpose of making Mortar, or depositing Bricks, Time, or other Materials for building or repairing any Houses, Buildings, or other Works; every such Person or Persons lo leaving, or causing to be left, convenient Room for Carriages, and also convenient Foot-way in a direct Line with the Footvpavement fi r passengers to pass and repals; the Owner or Owners of such House or Building causing the same to be

Tk 1 afiuge, together with entRwomi* Acff> ime, and setting up and

removed out of the said Street, Square, Lane, Court, Way, or other public all Rubbi/h ©ccafiontd thereby, or by luth Building, within a reasonable Ti

maintaining

Die zed by vJi

734 C. 25. Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

r. ghts pio. maiiuaining a Efficient Light upon or against the same every Night, during the whole Night from the

VOcd Time it becomes dark, to prevent Accidents: And if any Person or Persons shall erc& or set up, or cause

to he erected or set up, any such Inclosure, Posts, Bars, or Rails, or any ether Matter or Thing whatever for the Purposes aforesaid, in any other Manner than is hereby directed, or shall not remove the same, together wi.h such Rubbish as aforesaid, within a reasonable Time, or shall not set up such Light as aforesaid; every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings.

Icfi ®

LIV. And for the more speedy Removal of such Nuisances and Obstructions in the said Town, it is hereby further enacted, That if after the putting of this Act any Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, shall be left or suffered to ff.ind or continue in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, Gate-ways, or other publick Paflliges, or in any Part or Parts thereof, with or without Horses or other Cattle, other than for the necessary loading or unloading thereof; or if any Timber, Bricks, Stones, Slates, Hay, Straw, Wood, Faggots, Coals, Boards, Tubs, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Materials, or Things whatsoever, shall belaid or placed, and left in any such Street, Square, Lane, Court, Way, Gate-way, or other publick Passage, longer than shall be absolutely necessary for the housing or removing the same; then, and in every such Case, the Owner or Owners of every such Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, or of any such Timber, Bricks, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Materials, or other Things, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings, .-and the same shall moreover be deemed Nuisances; and any Person whomsoever, without any Peace- ffi-cer, may, either in the Day or by Night, seize or cause to be seized the Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage so placed, or suffered to stand or continue,'contrary to the true Meaning of the Act, toge her with the Horse or Horses thereunto belonging or affixed, if any, or the Timber, Bricks, Stones, Slates, Hay, Straw, Wood, Faggots, Coals, Boards, Tubs, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Materials, or may bt im- Things so laid or placed as aforesaid; and remove the same, or cause the same to be removed to the cum-

fHHinued j nion Pound, or such other Place as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, or

any Seven or more of them, there to be kept and detained until the Owner or Owners thereof, or his, and if not riaim. her, or their known Servant or Servants, shall claim the same, and pay to the Person or Persons irr whose ^Lithe fame shall then be, the Sum of Twenty Shillings, together with the Charges of removing

u‘ and keeping the same; and in case the same shall not be claimed, and the said Sum of 1 wenty Shillings

«n..y be foU. and Charges paid within the Space of Six Days next after such Seizure, it shall and may be lawful to

and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to cause the same to be appraised and fold, an<^ l^c Monies arising the refrem shall be applied to the sameUfes and Purposes as the Money arising from

ao^cizircmadf. ^ates or Assessments are hereby directed to be applied: Provided that if any Cart, Waggon, Dray,

*or o:her Carriage shall be so placed, or suffered to stand or continue as aforesaid, or any Timber, Bricks, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Materials, or Things shall be so laid or placed as aforesaid, and the same shall not be seized and impounded as aforesaid, the Owner or Owners of such Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, or of such Timber, Bricks, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Materials, or Things, shall nevertheless forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Offence by such Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage being so placed or suffered to itand or continue; or such Timber, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Bricks, Materials, or Things being so laid or placed, or left as aforesaid.

Except'®*.

C3rr;3»e?t feow to be driven in Chc Streets, &c,

reo?irydriv-

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time after the passing of this iy Hirrnvrs. Act, run, diive, or carry, or cause to be run, driven, drawn, carried, or placed on any of the Foot-pave-fivcinents* F0°l" ments *n any of the said Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, or orher publick Pahages any Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Truck, or Carriage whatsoever, or shall roll any Cask, or wilfully fide, drive, or lead, or cause to be rode, driven, or led, any Horse or o.her Cattle, on any of the said Foot-pavements, other than in Cases of absolute Necessity; such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay, for the first Offence, the Sum of Ten Shillings; for the Second Offence, the Sum of Twenty Shillings; and for the Third and every other Offence, the Sum of Forty Shillings: Provided that no Person or Persons shall be liable to such Penalties for rolling any Cask on the said hoot-pavements, unless the same shall have been rolled thereon, for the Space of Forty Yards, or upwards.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, at any Time after the Passing of this Act, drive any Cart, Dray, Waggon, Truck, or other Carriage for the Conveyance of Goods ift or through any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, or other publick Passages faster than a Footpace, or without some Person on Foot leading the Shaft or Thill-horse by a Halter or Rein affixed to the Head of such Horse; every such Person shall, for every fych Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings.

TVnaW onlnv-

LVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Cellar Window or Windows shall be left open in the ms cellar Win-Evening, or in the Night, without the same being Efficiently lighted, to prevent Accidents happening open or in-.therefrom; or if any such Cellar Window or Cellar Windows shall at any Time be left open, so as to J: d obstruct the Foot-ways in any or either of the said Streets; the Occupier or Occupiers of such House 6r Cellar shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings, flxobftruflingtlie

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, after the Passing of this Act,

1 y / CarrT" obstruct any of the Gate-ways, or narrow Streets or Lanes of the said Town of Southampton, by overload-^ ^arn gc" ing any Carriage; every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to widen the Faff Gate of the said Town, and so make a Poffcrn on the North Side thereof, in such Manner as they shall think proper; and to take down and remove so much of any Building adjoining thereto, as they Hull think necessary, for making the lhid Poffcrn of Efficient

Width:

Commissioners Tnjy widen the ^nd

rn-sire x

&c.

I

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 25. 735

Width; and the Ground whereon the said Building so to be taken down flood, to take in and convert for the Purpose aforesaid 5 paying to the Owner or Owners thereof, in case they cannot agree with the fail! Commissioners, a reasonable Recompense and Satisfaction, to be ascertained by and upon the Oaths nuking $at<*f.ic-of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County of the Town of Sculbcirypton, which Oath any Two uon 10 owners* or more of the said Commissioners are hereby impowered to administer; and the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby impowered and required, from Time to Time, as they shall see Occasion, to issue a Notice in Writing under the Hands of any Seven or more of them, to the Sheriff of and for the County of the said Town of Southampton for the Time being, thereby requiring him or his Deputy to return to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at such Time and Place as shall be expressed in such Notice, an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons; and the said Commissioners, or jury to fcttT« any Two or more of them, shall, at such Time and Place, swear, or cause to be (worn, Twelve of the Ketompcacc. said Twenty-four, who shall be drawn by Ballot by the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the Time being out of the said Twenty-four; which Twelve shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and the said Commissioners shall order such Jury to view the Places in Question, if there be Occasion; and after the Jury shall have enquired, ascertained, and settled the Recompence and Satisfaction to be made to the Owners aforesaid, they the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, fhlall adjudge and order the Sum or Sums of Money, so ascertained by the Jury, to be paid to the said Owners or other Persons interelhd in such Buildings or Ground our of the aforesaid Rates and Assessments; which said Verdict or Inquisition, Judgment or Order, shall be final to all Intents and Purposes against all Parties and Persons; and dl such Owners shall, upon Payment or Tender of the Sum or Sums of Money so ascertained as aforesaid, be thereby from thenceforth to all Intents and Purposes divested of all Property, Right, Title*

In erect or Claim in or upon the same: And in Default of a fuffeient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff or his Deputy shall icturn other honeit and indifferent Persons of the Standers-by, or that can be fueedily procured to attend that Service, to m?ke up the Number of Twelve; and all Persons concerned inall have their lawful Challenges against the said Jurymen; and the said Commissioners, or any Seven Jurors may be or more of them, shall have full Power, from Time to Time, to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on challenged, any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and shall not appear; or who Penalty on Per-shill in any other Manner neglect their Duty contrary 10 the Intent and Meaning of this Act; or on any Ions neglefiingt® % Persons who, being required to give Evidence before such Jury, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or ap-

Pearing, shall rtfu e to be sworn and give Evidence, so as no such Fine shall exceed the Sum of Five ounds upon any Person for One Offence: And the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby further impowered to fumtron or call before such Jury, «pid examine upon Oath, all Persons who shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined as Witnesses touching the Premises; which Oath the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer: And it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, by and* with the Content of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the said Town for the Time being, or the Majority of the same, to rnke down the said Gate, and to lay the Scite or Ground thereof, s Ite Sartor of such Part thereof as they the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper, into the Street or Highway; and the Expences attending the same shall be paid by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, out of the Rates or AflttTments to be raised by virtue of this Act; and the said Scite or Ground shall for ever after be deemed a publick and common Highway; and also it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, by an4 Porf?J of An and with the Consent of the Bishop of Winchester, to take down the Porch of the Church of All Saints, SamrsChurch, on the South Side of the said Church, situate on the North Side of the Euft Street in the said Town to be lall into and all Bulks, Sheds, and Stalls adjoining to the said Church on the said South Side, and to lay the the Slicel*

Scite or Ground thereof, or of such Part thereof as they shall think proper, into the Street, paying to the Owners such Recompence for the same as shall be agreed between them and the said Commissioners; and in case they cannot agree, such Sum of Money as mail be ascertained by the Verdict of a Jury as aforesaid.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the said Sheriff shall, and he h hereby impowered and required on sh?-to summon and return such Jury as aforesaid; and in case the said Sheriff or his Deputy shall refuse or rift nfeuttu* neglect to return the said Jury, when and as often as he shall be thereunto required as aforesaid, then therclurn Sheriff shall, for every such Offence* forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or a r un<! rwy arty Fourteen or more of them, for the Purposes of this Adh to buy or rent any Piece or Parcel of Land te ea-cua. they shall think most convenient, within or cut of the said Town, for the building and erecting a common Pound for the Purposes of this A<#; and to build such Pound or Pounds thereon, either open or covered, as the said Commissioners, or any Fourteen or more of them, shall think proper; and the Expences thereof shall be defrayed out of the Monies arising from the Rates or Assessments by this Act directed to be made; and the said Land shall be vested in the said Commissioners for the Puipoie of such Pound or Pounds, according to the Terms of the Conveyance to them made.

LXII. And whereas it may happen that the said Commissioners, or any Fourteen or more of them,

may think it necessary, for enlarging, wi4ening, or rendering more commodious the said Streets, Squares,

Lanes, Courts, Ways, Gateways, and other publick Passages, to take down some House or Homo*

Sheds, or other Buildings, or some Part or Parts thereof, or to take in some Piece or'Parcel of L.\rd 4 or Ground which they may not be enabled to effectuate by all or any of the Powers and Authounes herein before contained be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Fourteen or more of them, to contract and agree with the Owner or Owners,

Proprietor or Proprietors, of any House, Shed, or other Building, or any Part or Parts of any House* *

7 36 c-25*

Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

Bodies Politick, &c. may con-fraft for the Sale of Linds, Set.

Shed, or Building, or such Part or Parts thereof, or of such Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground for the Use of the Publick; and to pay for the same, out of the Monies arising from the said Rates or Assessments, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed upon by and between the said Commissioners, or any Fourteen or more of theji, and such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors; and the said Commissioners, or any Fourteen or more of them, shall order such House, Shed, or Building, or such Part or Parts of such House, Shed, or Building, to be taken down and removed; and the Expences attending the taking down and removing the same, shall be paid by the said Commissioners, or any Fourteen or more of them, out of the Monies arising from the said Rates or Assessments; and the Scite of such into' hY S^rcr'ff' ^011 ‘e* Shed, or Building, or of such Part or Pares of such House, Shed, or Building, and such Piece fcc?1 C rCCts' or Parcel of Land or Ground so purchased by the said Commissioners, or any Fourteen or more of them, shall be laid into the said Street*, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, and other publick Passages for the widening, enlarging, and rendering more commodious the same, or otherwise difoofe of, as the said Commissioners, or any Fourteen or more of them, shall think proper; and shall for ever after be deemed and taken to be Part of the said publick Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, Gateways, and other publick Passages, and shall he paved, repaired, swept, and cleansed, in such and the same Manner as the other Streets, Courts, Ways, Roads, Lanes, Gateways,-and other publick Passages in the said Town, are in and by this Act directed to be paved and repaired, swept and cleansed; and shall he subject to all and every the Powers and Authorities in this Act contained, relative to the said Streets, Courts, Ways, Lanes, or other publick Passages in the said Town,

LXIII. And whereas it may happen that feme Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole} Fcotfees in Trust, or others, are or may be seised or possessed of the said Houses, Sheds, Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments 5 and such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or Feoffees, may be willing to treat or agree for the Sale of such Houses, Sheds, Buildings, Lands*, or Hereditaments, but may be incapable of granting or conveying the same by reason of Infancy or other Disability be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, or other Trustees whatsoever, for or on Behalf of any Infants, Femes-covert, or Cestuique Trusts, and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in, any such Houses, Sheds, Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments, to treat, contrail, and agree, with the said Commissioners, or any Fourteen or more of them, for the Purchase of such Houses, Wharfs, Storehouses, Sheds, Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments, or any Part or Parts thereof, or for their Interest therein, for the Purpose aforesaid, and to sell and convey the same as occasion shall be and require; and all Contrails, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Law, Statute, Usage or any other Matter or Thing, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: And all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust^ Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, and Trustees, and all other Persons, are and shall he hereby indemnified for y\ hat they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it further enaileJ, That no Person shall ail as a Commissioner in any ri,t where Case relating to the contrailing for or purchasing any Houses, Sheds, Buildings, Lands, or Heredita-interested. ments, wherein he shall be personally concerned in'Interest.

LXV. And be it further em&ed, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times hereafter obstruil, hinder, or moled any Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall be employed in the Execution of this Act, in the Performance or Execution of his or their Duty; every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for the First Offence, forfeit and pay die Sum of Twenty Shillings, for the Second Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings, and for the Third and every ocher Offence the Sum of Three Pounds: And if any Person or Persons shall (trike or assault any such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons in the Performance or Execution of his or their Duty under this Act; every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously break up,

Commissioner*

penalty on obstructing.

or adaulting Of. ficcn ia iheir Dutjrj

and on damaging ihc Works.

Commissioners

may ercdl Lamps,

appoint Watch-m-n,

and provide

Watch-houses,

Ac.

Charges thereof, liow to be borr e for the Fi.ft Time.

destroy, or otherwise damage or spoil any of the Works when done or doinj* in pursuance of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof; every Person so offending shall, for the First Ostence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings, and for the Second and every ocher Offence the Sum of Five Pounds.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them mapv and they are hereby impowered to cause such and so many Glass Lamps to be ereited in the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, and other public Passages, and to fix so many of such Lamps as they shall think proper to any Houses or Buildings therein; and to appoint a competent Number of fit and able-bodied Men, not exceeding Eight, to watch and guard the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, and other publick Passages; and out of the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, to build and provide such and so many Watch-houses and Stands in any of the said Places; and also to make such Allowances to such Watchmen for their Attendance; and to give such Orders and Directions concerning the Manner in which the said Watch shall be armed and stationed,^ and for the due and regular Performance of the said Service, as they the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall judge reasonable and expedient; and from Time to Time to remove any of the said Watchmen, and to appoint others in their Stead.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Costs and Charges of purchasing the said Lamps, and of fixing the same; and also the Charges of building and providing the said Watch-houses and Stands, for the first Time, shall he borne and paid by and recovered from the Owners and Proprietors of the said Houses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments (except as aforesaid) by the

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 25. 737

like Rate and Assessment as is herein before directed concerning the Paving, Pitching, and putting in Repair the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, and other publick Passages, for the First lime, so as the said Rate or Assessment do not exceed the Sum of Three hundred Pounds.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That in order to defray the Charges and Expences of lighting and Aftert.amp»,*c. watching the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, and other publick Passages from Time to Time ftr*'v^vc *" (After the said Lamps, Watch-houses, and Stands shall be purchased, fixed, built, and provided, as afore- provl e

said) it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to make One or more Rate or Rates Twice in every Year, or oftener, as they shall think lit, upon the Taid *e ^f*r‘ tet# serveral Hpufes, Wharfs, Storehouses,'Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, "Tenements, and Hereditaments (except as aforesaid) according to the yearly Value of the same respectively, so as such Rates do not in any One Year exceed in the Whole the bum of Four hundred Pounds: And the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall cause the several and respective Sums so rated to be collected Quarterly or otherwise from the Tenants or Occupiers of such Houses, Wharfs, Store-houses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lande, Tenements, and Hereditaments; and the said last mentioned Rates for the Continu-shall, from Time to Time, be applied to and for the Purposes of lighting, replacing, keeping in Repair ation thereof; and maintaining the Lamps, and in paying the said Watchmen, and in defraying any other Charges incident to those respective Services: And it any of the said Tenants or Occupiers shall refuse or neglect which may be Je-to pay such Rate or Rates within Ten Days after Demand thereof by Notice in Writing, under the Hand vied oa Tenants, of the said Collector, to be left at the Dwelling-house of such Tenant or Occupier, the same shal) and may be levied on every such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, in the same Manner as the Rates for paving, repairing, cleansing, and widening the said Streets and other publick Passages are herein before directed to be recovered.

LXX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall be construed to impower the said Commis- "p P^J* sioners to rate or alless, towards the lighting and watching the said Town, any Dwelling-house which pe* AnnumRent! shall not be of the yearly Value of Eight Pounds; or if the same, being of the yearly Value of Eight «rmpted; artd Pounds, shall be let to divers Tenants, and neither of them be answerable for the Rent of Eight Pounds thnr Landlords per Annum; then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven to PJy-or more of them, to rate and afiefs the Landlord or Owner of any such Dwelling-house so let to Two, or more Tenants, towards the lighting and w atching the said Town as aforesaid; so that no Tenant, who has not Credit given him to "his Landlord for the Rent of Eight Pounds per Aunumy shall pay towards any Rate or Assessment to be raised and imposed for the Purposes of lighting and watching as aforesaid?.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That when any Person or Persons shall come into or occupy any Tenants to pay Houses, Wharfs, Store-houses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments R jtes in ptopor-aforesaid, within the said Town and Liberties thereof, out of which any other Person liable to the Pay- nontothcViime ment of any Rate or Asseflfnent made by virtue of this Act, shall be removed; every such Person so re- of Inhabitancy, moving from, and every Person so coming into or occupying such Premises, shall be liable to pay such Rate or Assessment in proportion to the Time that each Person occupicJ the same reflectively; and in case On Nonpayment, any Person shall quit his or her.House, Wharf, Store-house, Building, Yard, Garden, Land, Tenement, [*\e^mcor‘ay he and Hereditament before he or she shall have paid any Rate or proportionable Part thereof by him or her due and payable, and shall afterwards refuse or neglect to pay the same when demanded, it shall be lawful to and for the Collector or Collectors, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Person shall then reside or be found, (which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby required to grant, upon due Proof thereof made before him or them upon Oath) to levy such Rate or proportional Part thereof by DiiTrefs and Sale of such Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, to the Person whole Goods and Chattels have been so distrained and fold, after all Charges paid.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully break, throw down, or otherwise Penalty on wil-damage any of the Lamps which shall be erected by the said Commissioners, or any of the Polls, Irons, or b <o:na6;ng other Furniture thereof, or shall extinguish any of the said Lamp, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace in and for the County of the Town of Southampton, and he is hereby required, upon Oath made of the Commission of any such Offence, to issue a Warrant for apprehending the Party accused; or it shal] be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall fee such Offence committed to apprehend, as also for any other Person or Persons to assist in apprehending the Offender, a? d by Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to deliver him or her into the Custody of a Peace-officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the said County; and the Party accused being brought before any such Justice, such Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Wit-neff’es who shall appear or be produced to give Information touching such Offence; and if the Party accused shall be convicted of such Offence, either by his or her own Confession, or upon Information as aforesaid, heorftie so convicted shall, for the First Offence, respectively forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings for each Lamp so broken, thrown down, damaged, or extir.guished as aforesaid; and for the second Offence the Sum of Fifteen Shillings for every such Lamp; and for the Third and every subsequent Offence the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every such Lamp; and full Satisfaction shall allb be made to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, or to their Treasurer or Clerk, by such Offender or Offenders for the Damage so by him or her done; and in case such Offender shall not upon Convic- On Nono*v.' tion pay the Forfeiture by him or her incurred, and make such Satisfaction as aforesaid, the Justice, ment ort'-nder before whom such Offender shall be convicted, is hereby required to commit him or her to the House oft0 be committed. Correction or Common Gaol for the said County, there to be kept to hard Labour fur any 7"ime not exceeding Two Calendar Months 5 and such Offender shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the

73

8

C.

25,

Anno decimo Georgii III.

A.D.

1770.

fVnV.5

tj;iv

1.JT*p, Atto maitc SjUs/jC-I ion.

ConumrflTioneri Coih to be paid ut«t Rates.

-Rwulty on Office* s ne^k&fng tkcir Duty.

Rates way be mlfigmd for Mo-»icj borrowed.

Sarh Fund to be a Security for Money borrowed thereon rtij.ee. lively.

Realities and forfeitures how to be recovered.

Time for which he or she shall be committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given; and One Moiety of the said respective Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety shall be applied as the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act are directed to be applied: And if any Person shall negligently or accidentally break* throw down, or otherwise damage any of the said Lamps, or any of the Potts, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, and shall not upon Demand make Satisfaction to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or moie of them, or to their Treasurer or Clerk, for the Damage by such Person cone as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County, and he is hereby required, upon Complaint thereof made by any Seven or more of the (aid' Commissioners, or their Treasurer or Clerk, to summon the Parry complained of; and upon his or her appearing, or making Default to appear (Oath being made that the Party complained of was served with such Summons, or that the same was left at his or her Dwelling-house or Place of Abode, if known, or that he or she could not be-found) such Justice shall proceed to examine the Matter of the said Complaint, and upon Proof thereof, either by the Confession of the Party complained of, or by the Oath of One or more credible Wjjmefs or Witnesses, shall award and otder such Satisfaction to oe made by the Party complained of, for the Damage so by him or her done, as to such Justice shall appear just and reason^bfc; and shall cause the Sum so awarded (in case the same be not paid forthwith upon the making such Award or Order) to be levied by Distress and 9ale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person complained of, rendering to him or her upon Demand, the 'Overplus (if any be) after the Charges of prosecuting such Complaint, and of such Distress and Sale, shall be deducted.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Money expended by or recovered against any Commissioner or Commissioners in any Action or Prosecution hereby directed to be brought by them, or in defending any Action or Prosecution brought a ainst them, or any other Person or Persons employed by or under them, for any Mutter or Thing done in the Execution or Performance of h s or their Office or Offices, Employment or Employments under this Act, or in pursuance of any Order or Orders of the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of then? (and which Money shall not be recovered or received again by such Commissioner or Commissioners, or other Person or Persons from any such Defendant or Defendant, Plaintiff or Plaintiffs J shall be borne and defrayed out of the Monies to be raj fed by virtue of the Rates or Assessments herein before directed; to be made.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if the Collectojr of the Monies to be raifcJ by virtue of this Act, or the Beadle to the hid Commissioners for the Time being, or any Constable, Headborough, Tuhingman, or other Peace Officer, or the Clerk officiating in any of the Churches belonging to the Parishes aforesaid for the Time being, or any or either of them, or any or either of the said Watchmen, shall refuse, neglect, or omit to do, perform, or execute all or any of the Articles, Matters, or Things, in and by this AfSdirected to be done, performed, or executed by them respectively, every such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings: Provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed to deprive the said Commissioners, or any of them, of any Action or Actions, Suitor Suits, against every such Collector or Beadle, or their or either of their Securities, for the Nonperformance of any Covenant or Agreement entered into by the said Collector or Beadle, or their Securities.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, from Time to Time, to borrow and take up at luterest any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes ofpaving, cleansing, repairing* and widening the said Streets, Courts, Ways, Lanes, and other publick Passages in the said Town, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Five thousand Pounds; and also to borrow and take up at Interest, any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes of lighting and watching the said Town, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three hundred rounds and to assign over by Writing, without Stamps, signed by any Nine or more of the said Commissioners, all or any Part of the Rates and Assessments directed to be made by virtue of this Act, as a Security for the Repayment of the Principal and Interest of the Money to be borrowed 5 and such Security may from Time to Time be assigned and transferred by Indorsetnent or otherwise, without Stamps; and such Assignment or Transfer (had intitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, for all Principal and Interest Money, due and tq grow due upon such Security or Securities.

LXXVI. Provided always, That the several and respective Funds, Rates, or Assessments, shall be answerable for thefecuring the Repayment of such Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of which the lame, or any Part thereof, shall be so borrowed; so that the Rates and Assessments to be raised for paving, cleansing, repairing, and widening the said Streets, Squares, Courts, Lanes, Ways, and other publick Passages, shall be charged with and answerable only for the Repayment of Money borrowed for the Purposes of paving, cleansing, repairing, and widening as aforesaid; and the Rates and AffefUncms to be raised and imposed for lighting and watching the said Town, shall be charged with, and answerable only for the Repayment of Money borrowed for the Purposes of lighting and watching.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act incurred, the Manner of recovering whereof is not otherwise particularly directed, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Town of Southampton, or for the County or Place where such Offender or Offenders shall be or reside; which Warrant the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby, impowered and required to grant upnn the Information of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to adrainifter;) and the Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (it any be) when demanded, %o the Party oj Parties whose Goods and Chattles shall h0 so dattrained and fold (the

Charges

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 25. 739

Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deduced) shall be paid to the said Commissionen, or any Seven or more of them, and shall be applied (if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act) for and towards the Purposes of this Act, in such and the same Manner as the Money arising from the Rates or Assessments herein before-mentioned is directed to be applied: And in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, and such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he or they is and are hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol of the Town of Southampton, or County and Place where the Offender or Offenders shall be or reside, for any Term not exceeding One Calendar Month, or until such Penalties or Forfeitures shall be paid:

And in all Actions, Prosecutions, Informations, causes and Proceedings whatsoever, relating to or concerning the Execution of this Act, any Inhabitant within the said Parishes or Places shall be admitted inhabitants com-to give Evidence, the Rate or Assessment charged as aforesaid upon any such Inhabitant by virtue of this l*tcnl w,tnfircl* A'dr notwithstanding.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be subject or Informations i« liable to the Payment of any of the Penalties or Forfeitures inflicted by virtue of this Act, for any Three Offence or Offences against this Act, unless Information shall be given of such Offence or Offences within e Three Months next after the Offence committed; save and except the Penalties, in and by this Act inflicted for Nonpayment of the Rates or Assessments in and by this Act directed to be made.

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Informer* may said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time, if they shall see Cause, to pay be rcw«id«a. and apply such Part of the Penalties and Forfeitures in and by this Act inflicted or imposed, or any of them, as they shall think proper, not exceeding One Moiety of them, or any of them, to and for the Use of the Informer or Info mers of any Offence or Offences against this Act, or any of them; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Conviction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, or against any Order of Session, or any Matter in pursuance of this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say.

c T)E it remembered. That on this Day of Form of Coa*

fCountyt -D in the Year of the Reign of AB is convicted

« u 4 before of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said (/

or County [as the Case fall happen] of having [as the Offence shall bej and

4 ("I or we] the said do adjudge [him, her, or themj to forfeit and pay for the same the Sum of

c Given under my Hand and Seal, [or our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year aforesaid/

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be guilty of any Offence O* n Neglect, or OmiClon against this Act, or any of the Powers or Directions herein contained, and shall be*1 thereupon summoned before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace; -or if any Person or Per- c+uvicx'i*.' Ions shall be convicted by any One or more Justice or Justices of the Pence of any such Offence, Me* gledl, or OmilHon; every such Person and Persons shall pav the Cods of such Summons or Conviction, according to the Fees herein before directed to be taken by' Justices of the Peace, or their Clerks; and the Distress to be taken in Consequence of such Conviction, (bill he for such Colts as well ns the other Monies for which such Distress shall be made; any Stature, Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Fees to be taken by any Justice or Justices of the Fee* to Ketaicea Peace, or his or their Clerk or Clerks, for any Matter or Thing to be done in the Execution of this Act, by Juices, shall be as follow; (that is to say) For each and every Information, Summons, or Conviction, against a single Person, One Shilling, and against more than One Person, Two Shillings; for every Warrant of Distress Two Shillings; and for every Recognizance, Two Shillings and Si pence: And no greater or other Fees shall be taken by any such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or his or their Clerk or Clerks, for any Matter or Thing to be done by him or them in or about the Execution of this Act, on any Account or Pretence whatsoever: Provided that nothing herein contained shall be conlirued to extend to such Fees as shall be due for any Bufintfs to be done at the General or other Sessions of the Pence in and for the said Town of Southampton, or any Adjournment thereof; but that such Fees shall be there takejt as are usually taken in the like cases.

LXXXIII. Provided also, That all Matters and Things herein directed to be done, performed, or ex-burn* Fee ecuted by any Constable or Conftalles, or which in Consequence or in the Execution ofr this Act, or any CoalUide, &c. Power or Authority herein contained, shall be necessary to be done, perform.d, or executed by any Constable, Headborough, Tithingman, or other Peace Officer, without any Fee or Reward whatsoever.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor and late Commissionmi* Mayor for the said Town for the Time being, and for the o/ner Justices of the Peace of and for the said tb*-Comm moa Town, to act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being appointed ju^cau Commissioners. J c

LXXXV. Provided always, and be it further ennfled, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justicej may mi-Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom any of the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed t sate pcmiiue shall be recovered, to mitigate, compound, or lefien any of the Penalties or Forfeitures aforesaid, as he

740 C. 2 5-

Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

or they in their Discretion shall think fit: so as that the same be not mitigated or reduced to less than On Fourth Part thereof.

Difr.'fs rot to be

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, T.at where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of rfe med unlawful Money to be levied by this Act, the Distress iifeif shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties

fur want of tojaij 1. 1 * ——

making the lame b

ror Ptryrraking any Proceeding re]

it a 'i'ro'p.tlicr ab pallciS, tib iv.itiO, Oil account

dei mod a Trespasser or Tmpassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in iting thereto; ner shall the Party or Pa 1 ties distraining be deemed a Trcfprdfcr er Tref-any lricgulariiie

(>1

s which fliuil afterwards be done by the Party or Parties

td Full Cods. 1‘crfons agi riev-d, »r.ay appeal to the <^uaitei-frllions.

jn1110, ior Tub e- distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction ?/lynt rrefcU‘a' for the Special Damage in an Action up mi the Case.

IbaiotilTre over- D

XXXVII. Provided always, That when the PlaintilTor Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action, he, fhc, in?, to be allow- or they 111 a 11 be paid his, her, or their Full Colls of Suit, and have the like Remedies for recovering the same as for the Recovery of Cods in other Cases by Law.

LXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Person shall think himleft, herleU, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons shall and may, within Three Calendar Atonths next after the Catife of Complaint Avail arise, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter-feiuons of the Peace to be holden in and for the giving Notice, Town and County of the Town of Southampton^ such Appellant or Appellants first giving or causing to be given Notice in Writing of his, her, or tivir Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or causes »n<)cnterin hereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer-to the said Commissioners, and within Two Days next after such Rcc^JluKe!* ° Notice entering into a Recognizance or Recognizances before some Justice of the Peace in and for the said Town and County, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal mentioned in such Notice, and abide the Older, and pay such Coils as shall be awarded by the Justices of the said Town and County j and the Matter of such Appeal shall be heard and determined by the said Justices for the said Town and County, at the next General Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the said Town and County, or any Adjournment thereof, or at any Adjournment of the then 1 it General Sessions of the Peace in and for the said Town and County, which of the Three shall first happen next after the Jttftiers to deter- Expiration of Twen yDays from the Day of giving such Notice; and the said Justices at such Sessions nine finally. or Adjournment upon due Proof of such Notice being given, and of the entering into such Recognizance or Recognizances, shall near and finally determine the causes and blatter of such Appeal in a luminary Way, and award such Colls for the Appellant or Appellants, or Respondent or 'Respondents, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Justices shall be final, binding, and coiv-elusive to all Parties concerned or ii.tcrested therein.

LXXXIX. Provided always, That upon all Appeals from any of the Rates or Assessments to be made or imposed by the Authority of this Act, the Justices of the Peace, where they shall see just Cause for Relief, shall and are hereby impowered to amend the same Rates and Assessments, in such Manner only as shall be neccil'ary for giving such Relief, without altering such Rates or AffeAments with respect to other Persons mentioned in the lame.

Proceedings not XC. And be it further enacted, That no Proceeding to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender

Justices may a-mcnUibc Rates.

ay Cert tot an. m\rJler; any Law cr Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Writings to be XCI. And be it further enacted, Thar no Nomination, Appointment, Information, Order, Judgement, without Stamps. Conviction, Warrant, or other Wiicing whatsoever under the Hand and Se.T or Hands and Seals of, or only signed by any Commissioner or Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or any of them, touching, concerning, or in the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby veiled in such Commissioner or Commissioners, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any of them, or any Conveyance to the said Commissioners, or any of them, or any other Deed or Instrument whatsoever touching this Act, or the Execution thereof, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

J.itrKjtion of XCIi. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be brought, commenced, or prosecuted Actictts. against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Twenty-one Days Notice thereof shall be first given in Writing to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, signed by tl;e Plaintiff of Plaintiffs, or unless the same shall be commenced before the Expiration of Six Months next after the Fad committed, or unless* Tender of reasonable Amends hath not or shall not have been made by or in Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, nor unless such Action or Suit shall be laid and brought in the County of the Town of Southampton; and the Defendant or Defendants, in any Action or Suit to be commenced for aay Thing done in pursuance of this Act, shall and may plead ~General IUbe. the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Suit shall be brought, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if such Matter or Thing shall appear to have been fa clone, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof was given in Writing to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Commissioners, signed by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was not commenced before the Expiration of Six Months next after the Fad committed; or if it shall appear that Tender of reasonable Amends was made Jby or in Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, before such Action or Suit was commenced or brought; or such Action or Suit shall be brought in any other County or Place than the County of the Town of Southampton, that then the Jury shall hnd for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Yerdid, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 25, 26. 741

their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in Treble Costs,

other Cases by Law.

XCIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Actions or Suits to be brought against Mon-ymayb» any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defen- paid into Court# dants in such Action or Suit shall and may, before Plea pleaded, pay into Court such Sum or Sums of Money as he, she, or they shall think proper, in the Name of a reasonable Amends for such Matter or Thing; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall refuse to accept of the same, together with his, her, or their Costs to that Time, to be taxed by the proper Officer, and if the Jury who try the Cause shall not find the Damages to amount to a greater Sum or Sums than the Money so paid into Court, the Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants; and such Defendant or Defendants shall have all other Privileges and Advantages given to any Defendant or Defendants by this Act, and shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have like Remedy for the same as before directed for recovering Treble Costs by any Defendant or Defandants.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Actions shall be brought by order of the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing DoubleCofti* relating to this Act, or the Powers herein contained, and a Verdict shall be had and given against the Person or Persons gain ft whom such Action or Actions shall be brought, such Person or Persons shall pay Double Costs; and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions shall have such Remedy and Remedies for recovering the same, as any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs may have fort his, her, or their Colts in any other Cases by Law.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a Publick Publick Attj Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice uf as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for further continuing the Terms and Powers, granted and continued by Three Acts passed in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of William the Third, the Tenth cf Queen Anne, and in the Eleventh Year of His late Majesty George the Second, for recovering, securing, and keeping in Repair the Harbour of Minekead, in the County of Somerset; and for the more effectual carrying the said Acts into Execution; and also for the better securing the ancient Dues payable to the Lord or Lady of the Manor of Minekead for the Time being.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament passed in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign Prca^bie. of His late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for recovering, securing, and keep- ing in Repair the Harbour of Minehead, for the Benefit and Support of the Navigation and Trade of this w,il* c>

Kingdom, certain Duties (over and besides the ancient and customary Duties and Acknowledgmenrs be- fore the passing the said Act accustomed to be paid to Tregonwell Luttrell Esquire, and his Ancestorsjwcre by the said recited A6\ laid upon such Goods, Merchandizes, and Shipping, as are therein particularly mentioned: which Duties were granted, to commence from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of jurr

which was in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and one, and to have Continuance for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, for building out anew Head, and clearing the Beach, and other Works for the securing, preserving, amending, and main- tabling the Pier and Harbour of Minehead: And whereas in pursuance of the said Act, a new Head was built, by the Order of the Trustees impowered to put the said Act in Execution; bat the said Duties not

Iv-ing fuiEcient to defray the Charges of compleating and finishing the said Pier, exclusive of the yearly Expence of repairing what had been done, by reason of the great Waftiing, violent Rage, and constant Flowing of the Sea and Tides on the same, all the said Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money, by the said Act laid and granted, were, by another Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty ,oAnme>

Queen Anne (for prolonging the Term for Payment of the said Duties, granted by the said recited Act made in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William die Third)

further continued and made payable for an additional Term of Sixteen Years, to commence from and af- ter the Expiration of the said Term of Twenty-one Years, so granted and given as aforesaid; and by another Act made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, were amt11 Ge\ 2.

continued and made-payable for the further Term of Forty Years, to commence from and afeer the Twen- c*

ty-fourth Day of fune, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight; And whereas all the Monies borrowed and expended, for and towards the building of the said new Head, have been advanced and paid by the several Lords of the said Manor of Minehead, to whom Henry Fozunes Luttrell Esquire is the legal Representative; and by an Account thereof, and of all other Monies received and disbursed on Account of the said New Pier, stated and settled by the said Trustees at their General Meeting held in the said Borough of Minehead the Third Day of July One thousand seven hundred aivd sixty-nine, it appears, that on the Twenty-ninth Day of Sett ember One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, there was a Balance due and unpaid to the said Henry Founts Luttrell Esquire, the present Lord of the said Manor of Minehead, amounting to the Sum of Nine thousand five hundred and sixty Pounds, Eighteen Shillings, and Ten-pence Halfpenny: And whereas the Monies colLfted by the I)«-

ties

74-2 C. 26.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

A.D.

T77°*

Tmftees appointed by the tail Act, to execute this*

tics granted and continued as aforesaid, have been duly laid out for the several Purposes in the fan! recited Acts mentioned 5 but the tame have been greatly deficient to defray the Expences thereof: And it being necessary to keep the Mouth of the said Harbour clear from the Beach and great Quantities of Irenes that are continually forced into it by the Violence of the Sea. whereby the same is frequently choakt-d up, and to carry on other Works in order to secure the said Harbour, and to keep the same in Repair, far the Benefit and Support of the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom, and to enable the Trustees herein after named to secure the Debt due to the said Henry Foivnes Luttnll, and for other Purposes herein after mentioned, which cannot be done unless the Terms and Powers granted and given by the said former Acts be further continued and enlarged be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and every of them, and every Clause, r.fformer Article, Matter, and Thing in the said Acts, or any of them, contained; and all the Rates, Duties, and AdUcontinued. gums Money by the said recited Acts, oreirher of them, imposed or laid upon the several and respective Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Shipping therein mentioned (over and besides the ancient and cullo-mary Duties and Acknowledegments due and accustomed to be paid to the Lord or Lady of the Manor of Minehead for the Time being) shall, from and after the Fifth Day of July, One Thousand seven hundred and seven ty-eight, be continued, and be charged upon and made payable for the same respectively, for and during the further Term of Sixty Years; and shall, for and during the said hereby granted Term, be demanded, taken, levied, collected, ordered, managed, disposed of, and accounted for by such Ways and Means, and under such and the like Penalties and Provisoes, and with and under such and the like Powers and Authorities, and for such Intents and Purposes, as in and by the said recited Acts, and this Act, or any of them, are directed, enacted, declared and provided, in respect of the said several Duties thereby granted and hereby continued.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord or Lady of the Manor of Mine-bead for the Time being; the Steward of the Manor of Minehead for the Time being; the Members who serve in Parliament for the Borough of Minehead for the Time being; and Sir Thomas Dyke Acland, Sir John Trevelyan, Baronets; the Re\ crend Thomas Complin Doctor of Laws, JVtUiam Hayman, Copple/ione li'arre B mifyldc, James Bernard', John Frederick Musgrave, Edward Clarke, George Fur [don, William Baker, Thomas Scale, John Henry Southcote, John Fownes Luttrell, Esquires 5 the Reverend H nry Lockett Clerk, the Reverend Thomas Foivnes Clerk, the Reverend Leonard Herring Clerk, Thomas Adams, William Ball Surgeon, Philip Dymond, Richard Cox, and James Lyddon, Gentlemen; who are the present Trustees for carrying the said recited Acts into Execution, shall be, and are hereby appointed Trustees to carry and put this pictent Act, and the said recited AdU continued hereby for the Term last aforesaid, in o Execution; with the same, and as full Power and Authority, as in and by the said recited Acts, or either of them, is directed, limited, appointed, or given, as if the same was herein particularly and at large expressed: And that from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and ie\enty. it shall and may he lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, (of whom the Lord or Lady, or the Steward of the said Manor of Minehead for the Time being shall be One) to meet and assemble at so;ne Public House in the said Town ok Minehead, when and as often as it shall seem necessary to them, on publick Notice of the Time and Place of such Meeting being affixed at the Town Hall of Minehead aforete.id, by the Water Bailiff for the Time being, or such other rerlbn as the Lord or Lady of the said Manor for the Time being shall appoint for that Purpose, at least Seven Days before such Meeting; which Notice the fai J Water Bailiff, or such other Person so to be appointed as aforesaid, is hereby required to affix, on any Application made to him from Time to Time by any Three or more of the said Trustees; an i the said Truf-rees, or any Five or more of them, (of whom the Lord or Lady, or the Steward of the said Manor of Mine-head for the Time being shall be One) so met and assembled, shall have full Power and Authority :odo, transact, and perform all and Angular Matters and Things for the carrying this pretent Act, and the said other Acts hereby continued, and the Terms and Powers thereby or hereby granted, into Execution.

on the Death III, And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the said Trustees hereby ap-Pointed’ or any Trustee or Trustees hereafter elected or appointed, shall happen to die, or refuse to act, ne*onei.C Jt anc* may lawful for the rest of the said Trustees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, or the major Part of such of them as shall assemble for the Purpose hereafter mentioned, of whom the Lord or Lady, or the Steward of the said Manor of Minehead for the Time being shall be One, to meet as aforesaid, on Notice being given of such Meeting in Form aforesaid, at least Fourteen Days before such Meeting; and they, or the major Part of them so assembled, shall and may be able, by any Instrument under their Hands and Seals, toelcdt, nominate, and appoint other Trustee or Trustees in the Place or Places of such Trustee or Trustees so dying, or refufin^ to act as aforesaid, so as to make up the Number of Twenty-five Trustees in the Whole 5 and such rustee or Trustees so fro nr Time to Time elected and appointed, shall have the same Power and Authority as if he or they had been named in, or nominated and appointed by this or any of the said former Acts.

The Collector

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for tbcD^tk*111 fort^e Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the said Duties or Sums of Money, or any of them, IC* for the Time being, to take and distrain any Goods and Merchandizes within the said Manor of Minehead, or within the Liberty of the Port of Minehead, for which any of the said Duties or Su r.s of Money shall be due and payable, and shall not be paid on Demand thereof; and the same to detain and keep until he or they be satisfied and paid the said Sums of Money, and every of them: And in case of any Neglect or Delay in Payment of any of the said Duties or Sums of Money for Ten Days after any Distress or Distresses so taken as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the said Duties, or any of them, to fell the said Distress or Distresses so taken, and therewith Co satisfy him or themselves, as well for and concerning the Duty so neglected, refused, or delayed to be

p, J’

Tmp^wrrcd to n<cct alter June -4j

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 26. 743

paid, and for which aDistress shall be so taken as aforesaid, as also for his or their renfinable Charge in the taking and keeping such Distress, rendering to the Person or Persons in whose Possession such Goods or Merchandizes fodistrained shall be, the Overplus, if any there shall be; or the said Trustees for the Time hein£, or any Five or more of them, shall and may be able, and are hereby impowered to sue for and recover the said Duties, by an Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, together with their full Costs of Suit; in which Action no Elloin, Protection, or W ager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed,

V. And be it furthe fence of the Collector 1

for the Lord or Lady,

tin ier his or her Hand and Seal, to nominate and appoint any other Person to be Collector or Receiver of Lord of the the said Duties; and such Person so nominated and appointed, shall be, and continue to be the Collector Manor, or Receiver of the said Duties until the next General Meeting of jthe said Trustees, to be held after the nominating and appointing such Collector or Receiver as aforesaid, and until some other Person or Persons shall be nominated and appointed to be the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers in his Place and Room.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of Expences of thi* them, shall, and are hereby authorised and impowered, out of the fii ft Monies to be by them received by Act P3‘d virtue of or under this pVelentor any of the said former Acts, to pay and discharge all such Expences as shalllhc lruflccf» be incurred by reason or on account of or in passing this present Act.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for who »reto

the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of th m>, and they are hereby impowered to mortgage or assign over Tolls for fecunng the said Duties, or any Part thereof, to the said Henry Fownes Luttrdly his Executors^, Administrators, or roj|e e tc we* AfHgns, for all or any Part of the present Term, and of the Term hereby granted, as a Security for the said. '

Sum of Nine thousand five hundred and sixty Pounds, Eighteen Shillings and Ten-pence halfpenny, and the Interest that shall accrue due thereon: And if there shall be Occali m for any. further Sum or Sums of ard Aloney, the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall at any Time or Times hereafter, if they ta ^o^ei. think needful, borrow and take up such Sum' or Sums at Interest, not exceeding the Sum of Five thousand Pounds in the Whole, for the Purposes of the said A &s, or any of them; which said Sum and Sums of Money so to be borrowed, shall be laid out and applied for the securine, preserving, and amending the said Pier and Harbour of Minehead, and other the Purposes of this Act, so tar as the same relate thereto, and to and for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person and Persons to whom any Security Mortgage or Assignment shall be made, or who shall be imitled to the Money thereby secured, may, and is1* transient* and are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, to transferor assign over such Security or Securities, and

all the Monies that shall be doe thereon, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, by an indorsement on the*

Back of such Security 5 and such Transfer and Assignment shall intitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assignsr to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and such Assignee mav, in like Manner, assign or transfer the same again, and so tot'us quo ties; and it shall not be in the Power of such Persons who shall have made such Assignments respectively, to make void, release, or discharge the original Security, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof.

DC. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Warrant, Order, Appointment, Information, Odm, «rr. nn* Judgement, Mortgage, Assignment, or other Writing or Writings whatsoever, under the Hands and Seals Vuh> tg of, or only signed by any Trustee or Trustees for putting this Act* or any of the former Acts into Exectt- UuUtt* tion, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or any of them, commenced or in Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby vested in such Trustee or Trustees, or Justice or Juf-ticcs of the Peace, or any of them, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatsoever.'

X. And, for preventing of any Fraud in the Payment of the Duties aforesaid, be it enacted by the Autho- person8 nf. rity aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to carry or convey, or shall not carry or bringmgVne convey all ihe Wool imported into the said Port or Harbour, to the Common Town Hall of Minehead afore- wool t > to* said, to be weighed there according to the Directions of the said several recited Acts, and of this Act, or Town Hali 10^ shall neg’ed or rcTufe to £>ay any of the Tolls or Duties aforesaid by them payable; or if any Master, or *c,nhea* other Person having the Command or Direction of any Ship, Hoy, Barque, or other Vessel, shall depart from, or leave the said Harbour with such Ship, Hoy, Barque, or other Vessel, without having first paid the Tolls and Duties aforesaid, and also the ancient and customary Duties and Acknowledgements due and {

accustomed to be paid to the Lord or Lady of the said Manor of Minehead for the Time being, by him payable for or in respect of such Ship, Hoy, Baraue or other Vessel, or for or in respect of any Goods or Merchandizes on hoard of, or imported in such Ship, Hoy* Barque, or other Vessel; every Person or Persons so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds; One Moiety thereof to the Uset0 sU of any Person who shall sue for the same; and the other Moiety thereof to the Use of the said Trustees, to be by the n applied to the same Uses as the Duties and Acknowledgments aforesaid; which laid Penalty; together with full Costs of Suit, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's fo ber Courts of Record, in which Action no Essoin, Wager of Law, Protection, or more than One Imparlance,*

shall be allowed*.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall hereafter perf.,n mr!ri^ melt, or cause to be melted, any Pitch or Tar, on Board any Ship, Hoy* Barque, or other Veil'd, within Hiub, tec. in the said Port, Key, Harbour, and Pier of Minehead, or shall drop, or cause to be dropped, afiy Anchor or the Ha, Lou Anchors without a Buoy thereto, within the Run of Ships or Vessels coming into or out of the said Har- ^dro^p.Tg A hour j or if any Person or Persons shall neglect or'refuse* after Notice given to him or them by the Water V°r

r reroverri determined by Actiuii of

uoy,

7.44

C. 26, 27.

Anna decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

*r rmptvirp f>r lik-r.g Ivtil.ul in *r fn m Puces not appo;nUtl,

cn Conv'ufPcn to forfeit, for «uh Oilcnte, 4cs.

If the Pier is let flown, this Act to be void.

Time for bringing Ad ion?, &c«

any

[Double Costs.]

[Publick Act.]

Bailiff for the Time being that his or their Anchor is lodged inconveniently in the said Harbour, to remove such Anchor to some m >re convenient Place, within a reasonable Time after such Notice; or shall empty any Ship or Yeff.1 of any Ballaff, Earth, Stone, Gravel, or Sand, in or within the said Har-hour, or take any Earth, Stone, Gravel, or Sand, or other Matter, for ballasting any Ship, Barque, Hoy, or other Vessel* at any other Place within the said Harbour than shall be appointed by the Water Bailiff for the Time being; every Person so offending, and being convicted thereof, by Confession or by Oath of One Witness, before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Simerfet, shall for every such Offence forfeit, to the Person informing thereof, the Sum of Forty Shillings; to be levied by Distress and Sab* of such Offender’s Goods, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Sea’s, of such Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be had and made: And for want of such Distress, the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the House of Correction for ar Time not exceeding One Month.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Pier or Harbour shall be let down, or not kept in Repair, so as that the same (lialI, through such Neglect, become insecure and useless to the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom; all and Angular the said Duties by any former Act granted, and by this present Act continued, shall from thenceforth cease and determine; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Suit or Action shall be brought or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done or to be done by virtue of, or in pursuance of the said forn cr Acts, or this present Act, or either of them, or in relation to the Premises; every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid and brought in the said County of Somerset, and not elsewhere: And the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead Not Guilty, or make Avowry, Cognizance, or Junification for the taking of the said Distresses, making of Sale, or other Thing done by virtue of this present Act, or either of the said former Acts; alledging, in Inch Avowry, Cognizance, or J unification, that the said Disttefs, Sale, Trespass, or other Thing, whereof the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs complained, was done by Authority of the same Acts, or One of them, and according to the Tenor, Purport, and Effect thereof, without expressing or rehearsing of any other Matter or Circumstance whatsoever; to which Avowry, Cognizance, or Justihcation, the Plaintiff* shall be admitted to reply, that the Defendant did take the said Distress, made the said Sale, or did any other Act or Trespass supposed in his Declaration, of his own Wrong, without any such Cause as by the said Defendant alledged; whereupon Iliue shall be joined, and this present Act, and the said former Acts, and the special Matter, shall and may be given in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of the same Acts, or Oneof them: And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing thereof, or if the same shall be brought in any other County or Place, then, and in such Case or cases, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a DiContinuance of his, her, or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; the Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit, in any other Cases by Law.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said former Acts, and every of them, and this present Act, shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be Publick Acts, and be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His late Majesty, for making the River Nar navigable, from the Town and Port of King's Lynn to Weft acre in the County of Norfolk, and for making the said Act more effectual.

Preamble, re

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty ju»ng Aa 24 King George the Second, intituled, An Act for making the River Nar navigable, from the Town r.nd Coo, Ii. c. 19. c port King’s Lynn to Wcffacre in the County a/Norfolk, reciting. That the said River was very capable of being made navigable, from the Town and rort of King’s Lynn xoWejlacre aforesaid; and that the same, if effected, would be of great Benefit and Advantage, not only to the said Town of King’s Lyr.ny but to all the Towns and Places situate near the said River, and be a general Benefit to all the adjacent Country; certain Persons, therein named, were appointed for putting the said Act in Execution; and for that Purpose, the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, were thereby authorisei and impowered to employ, or contradl with any Person or Persons to make the said River navigable and pafla- ble for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, within the Limits aforesaid, or any Part thereof; and for dc- fraying the necessary Expences of the said Undertaking, to receive certain Tolls therein and herein after particularly mentioned: And it was thereby further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Ele- ven or moic of them, should have full Power, by Indenture under their Hands and Seals, to conveyor transfer the said Tolls to any Person or Persons, willing to lend to the said Commissioners any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes of the said Act, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three thousand five hundred Pounds, as a Security for the Repayment of the Money so lent, with Interest for the same not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum: And the said Commissioners were thereby

e

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 27. 745

authorised and impowered to make, do, and perform divers other Works, Maters, and Things, and to

use, exercise, and enjoy divers other Powers, Privileges, and Conveniencies in and about, and for the Purpose of efte&uatrng the said Navigation, under certain Provisions, Regulations, and Restrictions in the said Act contained; as in and by the said Act, Relation being thereto had, may more fully and at large appear: And whereas the said Commissioners, in Execution of the said recited Act, did borrow, the Sum of Three thousand five hundred Pounds, and expendeded the same in making the said River navigable within the Limits aforesaid; and for securing the Repayment, with Interest at the Rate aforesaid; did assign over the Tolls, payable by the said Act, 10 the several Lenders thereof: And whereas Hnry Spelman Clerk is now legally Entitled to the Whole of the said Principal Sum of Three thousand five hundred Pounds; on which there is due an Arrear of Interest, calculated to the Third Day of December last, amounting to the Sum of Onethbufand one hundred fifty-four Pounds, Nineteen Shillings, and Seven-pence: And where-

as several of the Works on the said Navigation are now much out of Repair, and the River is gradually de-

dining, being in many Parts, ami particularly above Narborough, much silted wp$ and it is absolutely necessary for preserving the Navigation, that the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds at the least should be laid out immediately 5 that is to say, Six hundred Pounds above Narborough, and Two hundred Pounds below;

and that several of the Powers in the above recited Act should be enlarged: And whereas the said Henry Spelman is desirous the said Navigation should be improved, by which ivCeans a much greater Trade will be carried on thereupon, and the Tolls increased, hath agreed to advance and lend at Inwreft, on the Creditof the said Lolls, the further Sum of One thousand three hundred forty-five Pounds, and Five- pence, to be applied by the Commissioners hereby appointed in distharging the Expence of this Act, and then in improving and preserving the said Navigation; and he is also desirous, that the said Sum of One thousand one hundred fhty-four Pounds, Nineteen Shillings, and Seven-pence, now due to him for Interest as aforesaid, should, after he has advanced the said Sum of One thousand three hundred forty-five Pounds, and Five-pfence, or lb much thereof as shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, be charged on the said Tolls as a principal Sum, bearing Interest at Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the Third Day of Dec rnber last: But as his laid Agreement and Desire cannot be effectual )y carried into Execution,

nor the Powers of the said in part reci:ed Act enlarged, without the Aid of Parliament, May it therefore pltafe Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and* be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for the more cafy and effectual repairing, com- Rcc ted fur

pleating, and maintaining the said Navigation within the Limits aforesaid, the said in part recited Act, and ,hcr continued." all and "every the Provisoes, Powers, Authorities, Orders, Rules. Regulations, Limitations, Restrictions,

Prohibitions, Dkebtions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, runishments, Powers of Appeal, Clauses, i Matters, and Things therein contained (except such Parts thereof as are hereby altered or varied) shall be and continue unrepealed and in Force, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Powers, Provisoes, Authorities, Orders, Rules, Regulations, Limitations, Rcfti rdlions, Prohibitions,

' Directions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments, Powers of Appeal, CLufes, Matters and Things, were particular)y repeated and re-enacted in this present Abh’

II. Provid d always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as well the Mayor, Re- Comndflnnersj corder. Aldermen, and Common-council of the Borough of King's Lynn for the Time being, as all and \ every the surviving Commissioners named in the said in part recited Act; and also all and every the Commissioners who were appointed in pursuance of and by the Authority of the same, toge. her with Sir Edward AjUcy Baronet, Hamond A.pe, "John Ajllcy Clerk, Allies Branthwayte, Patrick Blake, G'ubtrt Bouchery Clerk,

Benjamin Betts, Thomas Be grave, Thomas Baly, Thomas BoUham junior, Eduard Bodham, Arthur Branthwayte Clerk, Thomas Chamberlayne Clerk, Eduard Chan.berleijne, Edward Case, Francis Dalton,

Henry Dashzuood, Richard Drake Clerk, Thomas Dewing, John Dcjhwood, Jarn.rd Da/hivood, Bartholomew Eduards j unior, John Edwards, the Right Honourable I Vi lli am Henry Fortefeue, Brig Fount aim, Lancaster Framingham Clerk, Jcjeph Forby, Peter Finch, Edward Har'vey, Anthony diamond, Horatio Hamond D. D.

Join Harvey, Richard hamond Clerk, JVtlham Ala fen, Thomas John Aledlicctt, James Nelthorpe, James

N. Ithcrpe junior, George Ne If on, Henry Partridge, Plenty Partridge junior, Jacob Prcjlcn, Robert Partridge

Henry Parish Clerk, Robert-Rogers, Thomas Rogers* Robert Say Clerk, Thomas Say, James Thorn Clerk,

Joshua White Clerk, Eld Edmond Walker, William Woodbine, Henry William IVilfvn, John Garrard IV: Id met,

William Young Clerk,s Benjamin Young Clerk, and their Successors, to be elebted and qualified in such Manner as herein after is mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for pitting this Act

in Execution; and that they the said Commissioners hereby appointed, and their Successors, or any Five or T^f *wcr inoreof them, shall be, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to 1'iine, at their Dif- "

cretion. to contrabl with any Person or Person^to compleat the (’aid Navigation within the Limits aforesaid, set out Towinr-paths, hold ar nual and other Meetings, adjourn, impanel Juries, fumrron Wicncffes, impose and levyTincs, appoint Officers, administer Oaths, set up Gates, make Orders concerning the Navigation of the said River, make Bye-laws with Penalties, elebt their Successors, and 1 fe, excrcilc and enjoy all and every other the Powers, Priviledges, and Conveniencies, in and about the said Na\ igation, yiven or granted in and by the said in Part recited Act, tinder and subject nevertheless to the Provisions, Regulations, and Restrictions therein contained, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Commissioners appointed by the said in part recited Act, or any Number might or could have done, ukd, exerci.ed, or enjoyed, under or by virtue of the said in part recited Act, or any Clause, Matter or T hing therein contained; and, generally, to do and perform all Acts, Matters and T hings, which the said Commissioners hereby appointed, and their Su^cefiors, or any Live or more.of them, shall think, necessary, for

1

746 C. 27.

Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

to be

n-cie for Darn .*£es,

P»>e-hvvs, how - to be mado.

FifA Meeting.

On Drtth, &c.

of Commission-

the makings improving, compleating and maintaining the said Navigation, within the Limits aforesaid, and to enable them to execute the several Powers hereby vetted in them.

III. Provided always, That a full and adequate Satisfaction and Compensation be made, in such Manner as in the said in pait recited Act is mentioned, to all Persons, for the Damages they may sustain from the carrying this Act into Execution as aforesaid.

IV. Provided also, That no less than Seven Commissioners at a publick Meeting shall concur in the making any Bye-law.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners hereby appointed, or any Five or more of them, shall meet together at the Sign of the Duke's Head \n King's Lynn, upon the Sixth Day of June now next ensuing; and from thence shall have full Power and Authority to adjourn themselves, and afterwards to meet again at Lynn and Svuaff/.am, as by the said recited Act they are authorised to do. ‘

VI. And, for supplying a sufficient Number of>fit and able Persons to be Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any of the said Qommif-

chiiVi* cra 10 b? ttoners hereby appointed shall happen to die, resign, orrefufc, in Writing under his or their Hands, to ' act, the surviving Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, from Time to Time, and

at any Meeting of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, by Infbument under their Hands and Seals, nominate and appoint some other Person or Persons in the Place or Stead of him or them so dying, resigning or refusing to act; which Commissioner or Commissioners so nominated and appointed, shall have, use, exercise and enjoy all and every the same Authorities and Powers, as if he or they had been expressly named a Commissioner in this Act. roTt(Tawb*re

VII. Provided always, That no Person shall fit or act as a Commissioner, in any Case where he shall be inten-sted. in any wise directly or indirectly concerned in the Matter in Question; and that no Person or Pedon*

whomsoever, other than and except the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Common-council of King's Qualification of Lynn aforesaid, for the Time being, shall be qualified or capable of aifting as a Commissioner by virtue of

Commissioners, Act, who shall not be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and En-p it joymem, or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Freehold or Copy-

\n%\i not quali- bold, of the yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or be possessed of a Personal Ettate of the Value of Two *cd. thousand Pounds at the least: And in case any Person or Persons shall fit or act, being so interested; or if

any Person or Persons who shall be unqualified and incapable, for the causes aforesaid, shall nevertheless presume to act; every such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds; to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, by any Person or Persons who shall sue or prosecute for the fame, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Pf^efhninfhr, or at the Assizes for the said County of Norfolk; in which Action no Eflbin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

VIII. ‘And Whereas, by virtue of the said in part recited Act, and of this present Act, the said Commissioners hereby appointed, or any Five or more of them, are, in certain cases, impowered to ittue out -c their Warrant to the Sheriff of the said County of Norfolk for the Time being, requiring him to impanel ‘ and return a Jury; but no Directions are given by the said in part recited Act, by whom the Expence. ' 4 of obtaining such Jury is to be borne: To pre.ent all Disputes which may arise by reason of such.

I*P?ncei of Omission,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all cases, where any Verdict or Af-

kirics how to be fettment shall be given or made by any such Jury for a greater Sum than shall have been offered by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners hereby appointed, and their Successors, or any Five or more of them, irt Writing, signed by the Clerk of the said Commissioners; that then all the Expences of summoning and maintaining such Jury, and of taking such Inquest (to be settled by any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Fid County of Norfolk) shall be paid by t^e said Commissioners hereby appointed, and their Successors, or any Five or more of them, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act: But if any such Verdict or Assessment shall be given or made for no more, or for a less Sum than shall have heeii ib prevhHifly ottered by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners and their Successors, or any Five or more of them; then, and in every such Case, the Expences of summoning and maintaining such Jury, and of taking such Inquest (to be settled in like Manner by Two Justices of the Peace) shall be defrayed, borne, and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Commissioners hereby appointed, and their Successors, or any Five or more of them, shall have such Controversy or Dispute. l.r.d to t»c given

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons making

proiCwUlC.

Thr Months Not ceot Coai-p.ji’U to bg giver*

Complaint, and requesting such Jury, shall, before the said Commissioners hereby appointed, or their Successors, or any Five or more of them, be obliged to iliac out their Warrant or Warrants for summoning such Jury as aforesaid, firtt enter into Bond, with Two fu'fficient Sureties, to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners for the Time being, in the Penalty of Twenty Pounds, to prosecute such his, her, or their Complaint or Complaints,' and to bear and pay the Costs and Expences of summoning such Jury, and taking such Inquest, in case a Verdict or Assessment shall be given or made for no. more, or a less Sum than had bee n previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners hereby appointed, or their Successors, or any Five or more of them, before the summoning and returning such Jury or Juries.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 'i hat the said Commissioners hereby appointed, and their Successors, shall not, nor Hull any of them be obliged, by virtue of this Act, or of the said in part recited Act, to receive or take Notice of any Complaint or Complaints to be made hv any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Injury or Damage by him, her, or them fuPained', or supposed to be sustained, by reason or means of any Thing done in pursuance of this, or of the said in part recited Act, unless Applic.rion be made in relation thereto, by or on Behalf of such Person or Persons, to the said Commissioners hereby appointed, or their Successors, or some Five or more of them* or their known Agent or

A^enu>

747

A.D. 1776. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 27.

/gents, or Treasurer of the said Navigation, within the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the Time that such supposed Injury or Damage shall have been sustained, or the doing or committing thereof shall have ceased.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons, who, in any Examination to be Pen,t!‘"of

taken by virtue of this A cl, or of the said in Part recited Act, shall give false Evidence before the said td

Commissioners hereby appointed, or their Successors, or any Five or more of them,'" or before any Justices *

of the Peace, shall and may be prosecuted for the same.; and upon Conviction thereof, shall be subject to

such and the same Punishments and Disqualifications as any Person or Persons can or may be subject to, for wilful and corrupt Perjury, by the Laws or Statutes of his Realm.

XII. And for the better ascertaining the Tonage of Timber and Wood, be it enacted and declared, *rsxr‘ That Fifty Feet of Round, or Forty Feet of Square Oak, Ash, or Elm, Timber; or Fifty Feet of Fir or amc

Deal, Poplar; or other Wood, shall be deemed, rated, and estimated as and for One Ton weight.

XIII. And, for the more easy collecting the said Tolls and Duties directed to be paid in and by the said in part recited Act, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person having the Charge of any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel navigating upon the said River AW, wi hin the Limits aforesaid, or onanv Part thereof (except as in the said in Part recited Act is excepted) shall give a just Account in Writing, ngned.by the Master, Owner, or Person having the Rule or Command of every such Boat or other Vessel, to the Collector or Collectors of the said Tolls or Duties, at the Place or Places where they shall attend for that Purpose of the Quantity, Quality, and Weight of the Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Pen*Vy o* and Commodities, which shall be in such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel; and in Failure of giving Neglect; such Account, or in case a false Account shall be given, the Owner or Owners of every such Boat, Barge,

Lighter, or other Vessel, shall forfeit to the said Commissioners, their Successors, or Assigns, the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Last of Grain, Chaldron of Coals, or Ton of Goods* which shall be in such

Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel respectively, of which such Account shall be so neglected or refused

to be given, or of which such false Account shall be given, over and above the Tolls or Duties they arc-

obliged to pay for the same; and in case of Neglect, Kcfufal, or Denial of Payment on Demand of such

Forfeiture or Forfeitures above mentioned, or any Part thereof; then, and in such Case, the same shall be recovered and levied in such Manner, and by such Methods, as the said Tolls or Duties granted in howto be levied

and by the said in part recited Acth are therein and herein before directed to be recovered and

levied.

XIV. And be it further enacted^ TKat if any Difference shall arise between any Collector of the said Difference* fee-Tolls or Duties, and the Person having Charge of any Beat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, concerning tweciJ

the Quantity, Quality, or Weight of any Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodities contained there- c"arge in; it shall and may be lawful for any such Collector, to flop and detain any such Boat, Barge, Lighter, Beau, how to be or other Vessel, and to weigh, measure, or gauge, or cause to be weighed, measured, or gauged, all such adjucted. Goods, Ware6. Merchandizes and Commodities, as shall be contained therein: And in case the said Goods,

Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodities, shall, upon such measuring, weighing, or gauging, appear to be of greater Weight or Quantity, or other Quality than they were affirmed to be in Manner aforesaid; then the Owner or Owners, of every such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel so detained, shall pay the Costs and Charges of such Weighing, Measuring, and Gauging; all which said Costs and Charges, upon Refusal of Payment thereof upon Demand, shall and may be recovered and levied as the said Foils or Duties are, in and by the said in part recited Act, and hereby appointed to be recovered and levied; but if such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities, shall happen tobeof no great Quantity or Weight, or of no other Quality than shall have been fp:*cified in such Account so to be given as aforesaid; then such Collector shall pay the Costs and Charges of such Weighing, Measuring, and Gauging, and shall also pay to the Owner or Owners of such Boats or other Vessds so detained, and to the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes so detained, such Damages as shall appear to the said Commissioners hereby appointed, and their Successors, or any Five or more of them, oil the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to have arisen from such Detention: And in Default of immediate Payment thereof by the Colkclor, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Collector, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace of the said County of Norfclkr rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners thereof, after the said Payment, and Charges of such Dil-tress and Sale, shall be deducted.

XV. And to the End that the Agreement and Deftre of the said Henry Spclmnn may be carried into Ex- OnPaymer: be-

«rcution, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That immediately after the said Henry Spdman, in? H«

his Executors or Administrators, shall have paid into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, "ulm

the said Sum of One thousand three hundred and forty-five Pounds, and Five-pence, or so much thereof as, commissioneu. in the Judgement of the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, assembled as aforesaid, will an-

fwer the Purposes intended by this Act, all and every the Tolls and Duties payable by virtue of the said in Tolstoi* part recited Act, shall stand charged and chargeable with, and be a Security to, the said Henry Spelniart, chargeable *i n his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, as well for the said Sum of One thousand three hundred and forty-five Pounds, and Five-pence, or so much thereof as shall be so advanced as aforesaid, with Interest Anx* c* after the Rate of Five Pounds Centum per Annum, to be calculated from the respective Times of advancing the Lme, as for the aforesaid respective Sums of Three thousand five hundred Pounds, and One thousand one hundred and fifty-four Pounds, Nineteen Shillings, and Seven-pence, so due to him the find Henry Spd. an \\s aforesaid, with Interest after Rate aforesaid, to be calculated from the Third Day of December%

One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine; subject nevertheless to Redemption, on Payment of the said Three several Sums and Interest to become due for the same, by the said Commissioners and their Successor$, to the said Hury Spelman, his Executors, AdministratOfS, or Affiens,

748 C. 27. Anno decimo Georgii III. A\ I>. 1770.

Dbr myberc-

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful toand for the <iuu:u on Mutuc. CJommissioners, or any Nine or more of them, on giving Six Months Notice in Writing to the said Henry S'felman, his Executors, Administrators* or Assigns, to pay to him or them any Part or Parts of the said Three several principal Sums, each Payment to con lilt of a Sum not less than One hundred Pounds.

limiring the XVII. 4 And whereas great Damages have been done to the Locks, Dams, Sluices, and other Works of Lading of Boats. 4 the said Navigation, by permitting Boats or other Vessels of too great Burthen to be navigated on the faicL 4 ‘River Nar^ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Boat, Barge, Lighter*, or other Veiled, shall be, permitted and fuftered to be navigated upon the said River Nar, within the Limits aforesaid, laden with more Lasts of Wheat, Rye, Barley, Malt, or other Grain, or laden with moie Chaldrons of Coals, or Tons of any other Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodities whatsoever, than* shall be ascertained and appointed by the said Commissioners at their General Annual Meeting; and that the Owner or Owners of every Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, carrying or conveying, up or down? the said River any greater Quantities of Grain, Coals, or other Commodities than shall be so ascertained and appointed, shall forfeit and pay to the said Commissionerg* and their Successors or Assigns* the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every such Offence.

Boat-matters, XVIII. And, for preventing Damages and Mischiefs which may be done or committed by rude and dif— See. *n Twer able orderly Persons, managing or employed in Boats, Barges, Lighters, or other Velltls navigating upon the fm their Crew*, Rjver> be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Boat-matter, Owner or Owners of any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, which shall pass up or down the said River, shall be, and is and are hereby, answei able for, and shall make Satisfaction to, the said Commissioners and their Successors, for atiyr Damage, Spoil, or other Mischief that shall be done by his, her, or their Boa', Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, or by any Person* or Persons belonging to, or employed in ar about the same respectively, or by the Horses or Servants employed in hailing or towing the same, or by loading or unloading any such Boat, Barge*. Lighter, or other Vessel* to any of the Locks, Bridges, Staunches, Dams, Sluices* Cuts, Banks, or other Works, that now are or shall be erected ami maintained, in, upon, or near the said River, within the Limits aforesaid, by Authority of this Act, or of the said in Part recited Act: And if any such Damage*. ^Spoil, or Mtfchief shall be done, the same shall be enquired into and determined by any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, not interested directly or indirectly otherwise than as a Commissioner in the said Navigation* who is hereby authorised and required* upon Complaint or Information made before him*, to summon such Boat-master* Owner or Owners, to appear before him; and upon* his, her, or thdr Appearance, or making Default to appear. Proof being made upon Oath before such Justice* that ihe Party: neglecting to appear was duly served wkh such Summons, or that the same was left for her, him, or them, at his* her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, such Justice shall proceed to examine into the Truth of/ the said Complaint or Information 5 and upon Conftflion of the Party complained of, or Proof by the Oath, of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall award and order such Sum of Money to be paid bje such Boat-matter, Owner or Owners* as a Recompence for such Damage, Spoil or Mischief, as the said Justice shall think proper* not exceeding Treble the Amount of such Damnge, Spoil, or Mischief* and in cnfe of Nonpayment of the Sum so awarded and ordered for the Space of Three Days, the said Justice is* hereby authorised and required to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Boats, Lighters, and other Goods of such Owner or Owners, rendering to him, her, or them, the Overplus (if any) after the said* Sum so awarded and ordered* together with the reasonable Charges of such Information and Conviction, and also of such Distress and Sale, shall be satisfied and paid, for

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Boat-master, oY his Agents or Ser— p.'tfngthe vants, navigating any Boat* Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, upon the said River Nar, within the Limits*

L#«k$. aforesaid and patting with any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, through any Lock to be made

thereupon, shall suffer the Water to remain in the Lock, longer than is necessary for his Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, to pass ihrcughiany such Lock; and also, that every such Boat-matter or other Persont ' or Persons as aforesaid, in going down the said Navigation, shall {hut the lower Gates of every such Lock, as he or they is or are going topafis through, before he or they shall draw up the Cloughs of the upper Gates, thereof; and after he or they shall have brought his or their Boat* Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, into* the said Lock, shall lhut the upper Gates thereof, before he or they shall draw up the Cloughs of the lower Gates thereof; and in going up the said Navigation, shall, as soon as*he or they shall have patted with his or their Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel* out of every such Lock, (hut the upper Gates of every such. Lock, and afterwards draw up the Cloughs of the lower Gates, unless there shall be then a Boat or other Vessel in Sight of the said Lock, coming down the said Navigation; in which Case* the lower Gates of every such Lock shall be kept (hut, and the upper Gates open: And in all dry Seasons, when there shall be a. Scarcity of Water in the said Navigation, the Boat or other Vessel goingup the same, if within Sight, and; at a Distance not above Three hundred, Yards below a Lock, shall pass through every such Lock before the Boat or other Vessel coming down* and then the Boat or other Vessel next above shall come down; and if there are more Boats or other Veil'd* than One, below and above every Lock at the same Time, in such. dry Seasons* within the Distance aforesaid, (at whichvDiftance a Pott or Mark shall be set up or made for that Purpose) such Boats or other Vessels shall go up and come down in such Locks by Turns as aforesaid* ’till all the said Vessels* going up or coming down the said Navigation shall have patted; by which Means One Lock full of Water may serve Two.or more Vefllls: And every Person offending in any of thefePar^ ticulars, and being convicted thereof, before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, upor> the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall forfeit to the said Couuxufiigpers hereby appointed* theftSuccettvxs or Assigns, the Sum of forty Shillings.

e

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 27. 749:

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Penalty on Per-Vessel, shall be wilfully or negligently placed in any Part of the said River, or of any Trench, Sluice, or PaiTaze belonging thereto, so as to obstruct the Navigation thereof, and the Person having the Command ofviti(^ J such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vpilel, shall not immediately, upon Request made, remove the same, he shall, for every such Offence, (being convicted thereof before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, upon the Oath of Oneor more credible Witness or Wimcffes) forfeit to the said Commissioners ' hereby appointed, their Successors, or Assign^, any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, nor less than Five Shillings, for every Hour such Obstruction shall continue: And it shall he lawful for the said Commissioners hereby appointed, and their Successors, and any Agents to be employed by them, or any Five or more of, them, to cause every such Boat or other Vessel to be unloaded, if necessary, and to be removed in such Manner as shall be proper, for preventing such Obstruction in the said Navigation.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully Penalty on r«r. throw, or cause to be thrown, any Ballast, Gravel, Stones, or Rubbish, into any Part of the said River, fans throwing ji* within the Limits aforesaid, or any Trenches or Watercourses to be made or maintained by virtue of this Na-

Act, or of the said in part recited Act, with Intent to prejudice the same; every Person or Persons so offend- vision- C ~ ing, and being convicted thereof, before any Justice of the Peace of the said County of Norfolk, upon the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, shall*, for every such Offence,-forfeit and pay to the said'

- Commissioners hereby appointed, their Succdiors or Assigns, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the pecuniary Fines, Penalties, and Penalties and Forfeitures, hereby inflicted or authorised to be imposed, the Recovery whereof is not herein before direct- Forfeiture* how ed, shall be rec overed by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by a Warrant or War- rC|tjl^cred4 rants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said County an *rp se of Norfolk; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices M

commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprise, and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Two Months, or until the said Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall wil- penaif/on p^r-fully, maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Navigation, break, throw down, damage, or destroy, fens wilfully

or cause to be broken, thrown down, damaged, or destroyed, or be aiding, abetting, or assisting, in break- destroy ing the * ing, throwing down, damaging, or destroying, any of the Bridges, Locks, Staunches, Dams, Banks, or Wor!i*> other Works, that now are, or shall be erected and maintained by virtue of this present Act, or of the said hi part recited Act 5 such Person or Persons shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in other Cases of Felony; and the Court, by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall have full Power and Authority to transport such Felon or Felons for the Space of Seven Years, to some of His Majesty's Plantations in America, in like Manner as other Felons are directed to I e transported by the Laws add Statutes of this Realm; or, in Miti-

fation of such Sentence, may, if they think lit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of etit Larceny.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Summons, Order, Determina- Writing to hellion, Judgement, Warrant, Contraft, Agreement, Bond, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand, without or under the Hands and Seals of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or of the said Commissioners hereby appointed, or their Successors, or any of them, or any Person or Persons appointed or employed by them*, er any Transfer of any Share or Shares, or other Writing whatsoever, made in pursuance of or relating to* the Execution of any of the Powers given in and by this present Act, or in and by the said in part recited- ,

Act, shall be charged or char^m/ffe with, or be subject to any Stamp or Duty whatsoever.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress shall be made for D;^r.r<; any Sum or Sums of Money, to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself not be deemed unlawful, be deemed nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect for wjv or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating the re-to; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties cieftraining; but the Person or -

Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in p^/ab ,;1 an Action upon the Case; and that no Proceedings, to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act, shall be f r in invent quashed or vacated for want of Form. lrrfHa;

XXVI. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any such Irre-Trmfer of gularity as aforesaid, if Tender of Amends hath been made by or on the Behalf of the Party distraining, A -renj. i* before such Action brought. nuoe.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Suit, or Informa- Lm-.itat .*>n of tion, shall be brought or commenced again# any Person or Persons, for any Thing done or to be done in AcW.>. pursuance of this Act, or of the said in part recited Act, or in Execution of all or any of the Power3 and Authorities, or the Orders and Directions herein before, or in the said in part recited Act given or granted tvery such Action, Suit, or Information, shall be brought or commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and shall be laid or brought In the said Count of Norfolk, and not elsewhere: and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action, Suit, or Information, shall and may plead the General General r-5 Issue, and give this Act, or the said in part recited Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in Pursuance and by the Authority of this Act, or of the said in part recited Act: And if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than.as aforesaid, then and in every such Case, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or

750 C. 27, 28. Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

Defendants 5 or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action, Suit or Information, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if in any such Act m, Suit or Information, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defen-pjcble Certs. da»t or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for any Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

I\ilUk Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be allowed in all Courts whatsoever as a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons are hereby required take Notice of it as such, without specially pleading the same.

cap, xxym.

An Act for rebuilding the Common Gaol of the County of Essex.

Pr«i«Wc. Y T J WHEREAS the Common Gaol of the County of Efffex^ situated at Chelmsford in the said County, t y, is too small; and being awery ancient Building, and greatly gone to Decay, is so incapable of c being repaired, that it is necessary a new Gaol should be built: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted;* and be it enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Essex, at their next General or Quarter-sessions of the Peace for the said County after the paihng of this Act, or at any other subsequent General Quarter-sessions, to authorise One or more Person or Persons on their Behalf, to contract for and purchase a convenient Piece or Pieces of Ground, or Tenements adjoining to and communicating with the present County-goal, within or near the Town of Chelmsford aforesaid; and that the same when purchased, shall be conveyed to the Right ff^mmiftloners Honourable William Henry Earl of Rockford, Sir. William Maynard of IValtctts Baronet, Sir Anthony Kam®.» Thovtus Abdy of Alb\ns Baronet, Sir William Mildmay of Atoulfimm Hall Baronet, John Luther of Aiylejs Esquire, the Right Honourable Richard Rigby of Mi/lley Hall, Charles Gray of ColcheJLr Esquire, Chester Moor Hall of Sutton Esquire, Richard Ben\on of Guiddy Hall Esquire, Thomas Berney BramJJon of Skreens Esquire, Peregrine Bertie of Low Layton Esquire, Batnber Gascoigne of Barking Esquire, William Mills of Wardens Hall Esquire, James Round of Colch ester Esquire, Charles Smith of Stratford Esquire, John Saint Ltger Douvlafs Esquire, John Bullock of Falkborn Hall Esquire, Isaac Alartin Rcbow Esquire, John Arnold IVallinger Esquire, George Hatton Esquire, Jacob Houblon Esquire, John Griffin Griffin Knight of the Bath, Richard Benyon junior Esquire, General Honeywood, John Conyers Esquire, Join Coe Esquire, Thomas Coe Esquire, Charles Western Esquire, Daniel Alathew Esquire, and Sir William IVake Baronet, and the Survivors of them, and their Heirs; who shall befeifed thereof, inTruft f<?rthe Service and Benefit of the said County, for the Uses hereafter mentioned.

JrmfcM imjxMv- H. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for all Persons what-^oeveL fe«led of, or interested in, or inti tied unto the said Piece or Pieces of Ground or Tenements;

* and also for all Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, and Feoffees inTruft, Committees, Executors, Admi-

nistrators, and all other Trustees whatsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or I flue unborn, Lunaticks, Ideots, Feir.es-covert% or other Person or Persons whatsoever, and to and for all Femes-covert who are or shall be seised, or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be feiled, possessed of, or in.erected in the said Piece or Pieces of Ground or Tenements, under any Manner of Right or Title whatsoever, to convey the same respectively unto them the said Trustees herein before n:'med, and the Survivors of them, and their Heirs, for the Purposes of building a new Gaol 1 Ir Parties cannot and in case the said Justices and Persons cannot agree upon a Sum to be paid for any of the Premises re-ajree, Jury to spectively, then the said Justices shall cause the Value of the said Estates to be enquired into and afccr-fettie Recom- tained by a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County of Efffex \ and in order-thereto, the said Wtncflesmay Justices> or the major Part of them lo assembled, are hereby impowered and required, from Time to I. examined on Time, as Occasion shall be, to summon and call before such Jury, and examine upon Oath all and every Oath. Person and Persons whomsoever, who shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined concerning the

Premises (which Oath any Two or more of such Justices are hereby impowered to administer); and such Justices shall, by ordering a View, or otherwise, use ail lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have enquired of and act'essed such Value and Recompence, they the said Justices shall thereupon adjudge the Sum or Sums of Money so assess'cd by the said Jury, to be paid to the said Person or Persons according to the Verdict of Yrrdia to be such Jury; which said Verdict shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever. And, for summoning and returning such Juries, the said Justices are hereby impowered to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County of Essex, commanding him to impanel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Men of the said County, but not being in the Commission of the Peace, to appear before the said Justices, at such Time; and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed; and such Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impanel, summon, and return such Number of Persons accordingly; and out of the Persons so summoned, impanelled, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Justices shall, and they are hereby impowered and required -to swear or cause to be sworn Twelve Men, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a iltflicient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff', or his Deputy or Deputies, shall jeturn other honest

N.

A.D.

Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 28. 751

I77°*

and indifferent Men, not being in the Commission of the Peace, either of the Standers-by, or that speedily can be procured to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve; and all Persons concerned J0" y be shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, when they come to be sworn, butcha *ensed*

shall not challenge the-Array; and the said justices shall have Power, from Time to Time, to impose Penairv cn any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, making Default riff, &c. making in the Premises, and on any of the Persons that shall be summoned and returned on such Jury and shall default, not appear, or that shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being so sworn shall refuse to give, or not giving their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglecting their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and on any of the Persons who, being’ required to give Evidence before the said Jury, mall refuse or neglect to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be examined, or to give Evidence, and which Fine or Fines shall not exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon any One Person, and shall be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of any Twbor more of such Justices, and shall be applied towards the Purposes of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Payment of the Money so agreed on Payment-of to be paid or a fie fled as aforesaid, or upon Tender thereof to such Persons as aforesaid, or to their Agents, ^'^vc^ed and in case of Want of Opportunity to tender, or of Refusal to accept the same, then upon leaving the *n t^Vrustee*. fame in the Hands of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Essex, for the Use of such Persons, it shall be lawful for the said Justices, their Surveyors, Workmen, or Agents to take Possession of the said Piece or Pieces of Ground, or Tenements; and that the Whole of the said Ground and Tenements, and every Part thereof, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be vested in the Trustees herein before named, and the Survivors of them, and their Heirs, for the Purpose of building a Common Gaol for the said County for the Confinement of Criminals, Debtors, and others; and also a proper Place for the Residence of the Gaoler, an i such other Conveniencies as may Jae necessary.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as often as the said Trustees Choice of New shall be reduced by Death to the Number of Five, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the remain- Trustees. ing Trustees, or any T hree or more of them, to elect and appoint, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, any Number of Persons residing in the said County, not exceeding Ten, in whom, together with the old Trustees, the Fee-simple and Inheritance of the said Piece or Pieces of Ground, or Tenements so to be purchased as aforesaid, shall by virtue of such Appointment be vested, in Trust for the Service and Benefit of the said County, for the Purposes aforesaid *, and the said Number of Trustees shall, from Time to Time, be filled up in Manner aforesaid, whenever the Trustees shall be reduced to the Number of Five.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when the said Ground, or Pieces of Ga*l to be Ground, or Tenements, shall be so purchased, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices, to cause bu, lt»

to be built and finished thereon, and on the Ground on which the present Gaol stands, a convenient Gaol

for the Confinement of Criminals, Debtors, and others, and also a proper Place for the Residence of the

Gaoler, and such other Buildings and Conveniencies as shall be adjudged requisite by the said Justices at

their Quarter-session, for the safe keeping of such Persons as shall be committed to the same, either for

Debt, Felony, or any other Offence; which Gaol, when built and finished, is hereby declared to be a

Publick and Common Gaol for the said County; and shall from Time to Time be maintained, supported

and repaired, by such Ways and Means as other Gaols in this Kingdom are by Law to be maintained,

supported and repaired; and the Sheriff of the said County for the Time being shall have the keeping

thereof, and shall have Power, when the said Gaol is made fit for tho Reception and safe keeping of

Prisoners, to remove thither all such Prisoners as shall then be in his Custody; which Removal shall not

he deemed or taken to be an Escape; and that after fqch Removal, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices at their said General Quarter-sessions, to cause the present Gaol, situate at or ncaro!(j Canlto^’’

Chelmsford aforesaid, to be pulled down or taken down, and the Materials thereof, or any Part thereof, taken down. ‘

either to use or cause to be used in or about the building or finishing such new Gaol, or the same to fell or cause to be sold; and the Money arising thereby to apply towards the Expenceand Charge of building and

finishing such new Gaol,

VI. And, for railing Money to purchase Ground proper and sufficient for the Purposes of this Act, and for the erecting and finishing such new Gaol and Buildings as aforesaid, and other the Purposes of this pose/ofrh^ aST ‘ Act, after dedudiing the Value of the Materials of the present G.tol; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall vind may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the said County, at their said next General or Quarter-sessions to be held for the said County after the passing of this Act, or at any subsequent General or Quarter-ft ilion.% to conclude and agree upon, and to assess such Sum an

Sums of Money as they shall from Time to Time find necessary for the Purp lcs of this Act, so as tha Whole of such AfteAments shall not exceed the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds; and the same shall be rated and assessed in such and the lame Manhcr, and according to such and the same Proportions, upon every Town, Paiifli, Hamlet, or Place, within tile Limits of the said County, and upon the Boroughs,

Towns Corporate, and all other Prccinds and Liberties within the said County, and be collected, received, levied, and paid, and be accounted for by the Persons making such Collections, in such Manner, and by such Means, with such Power of levying, and for enforcing ihc Collection and Payment thereof, and for punishing all Persons whole Duty it shall be to collect or account for the same, and shall make Default thertin,: s the County Rates have been usually, or may, by an Act ma le in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intitule.!, an Act for the mire eofy ofijjing, col:ctli'vg, and levying cf C*iniy.

Rates, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, oe aliefieJ, collected," received, levied, paid, and accounted fox within the Lid County; and such Assessments, when received, shall be from Time to Time

if'*

/ 5 -

C. 28.

Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

In may be xn^ie.

Te» impowerMa-' ,/iflraus of Ko-f'.nahs. Sic. to moke Atietf-

For paying the Expences of the Act.

paid, by the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said County, to the said Justices so assembled as aforesaid, or 10 such Person or Persons as they shall by Order of Court appoint to receive the same; and the Receipt of such Justices, or of such Person or Persons as shall be so appointed, shall be a full and sufficient Discharge to such Treasurer or Treasurers for the Payment of such Monies.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Parochial Officers, or other Persons who shall pay, or be liable to pay the Rates or Assessments which shall be made and rated for the Purpose of this Act, upon any Parish, Town, Borough, Liberty, or Place; and also all such Parochial Officers and Persons, upon whom any such Rate or Assessment shall be levied; shall and may, from Time to Time, after Notice shall be given of the Amount of the Rate or Assessment upon such Town, Parish, or Place, either before the Payment thereof by such Parochial Officers or Persons, or after the same shall have been actually paid by, or levied upon, such Officers or Persons, rate and levy such Monies by a separate and distinct Rate and Assessment upon every such rTpedfive Town, Parish*, Town Corporate, or Place, in such Manner and Proportion, and with such Powers for recovering thereof, as any other County Rate may be assessed or levied.

VIII. And whereas there are several Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Liberties, and other distinct Jurisdictions within the County of Essex aforesaid, in which the Justices acting in the Commission of the Peace for the said County have no Power or Authority be it enacted, That the Justices or other Magistrates acting hi and for the Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Liberties, and offier distinct Jurisdictions, -aforesaid, shall assess a Sum or Sums of Money, in the same Proportion as the Justices of the County assess; and in like Manner, when collected and received, shall pay the same to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the County aforesaid; who shall account for it to the Justices of the County, in the same Manner as for the Money received in the County at Large; and that nothing in this Act shall give the Justices of the County any Power or Authority in the Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Liberties, or other distinct JurisdicHons, which they had not before,

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Charges and Expences as have

b:*en or fh.dl be sustained or expenJed, in or about procuring this present Act of Parliament, shall (in the First Place) be satished and paid out of the Monies to be raised by virtue or in pursuance of this Act; and that after such Charges and Expences, and the Charges of erecting, completing,' and finishing, the said Gaol and Buildings, and all Debts incurred thereby,'and all other Monies to be paid in pursuance of -this Act, shall be fully paid aneb satisfied, the Surplus of the Monies to be raised and levied by virtue of this Act, shall, by Order of the said Justices assembled in their General or Quarter-sessions as aforesaid, be paid into the publick Stock of the said County, and be deemed and taken, and shall and may be applied and paid as Part of the Common Stock, to and for such Uses as the County Stock can or may be applied.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case all the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act shall not be paid within Six Months next after the passing of the farre, the TreTurer of the said County of Essex fh.Jl, and is hereby required, within One Month after the Expiration of the said Six Months, to pny and defray all such Charges and Expences; and the said Justices are hereby authoris’cd and required to allow the same in the said Treasurer’s Accounts.

XI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That some Time between the First Day of Qflobtr

nude up annual- an^ l^e *n every Tear, a fair and just Account shall be made and wrote out of all the Monies received Iy. / and paid by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, and how, and to whom, and when, and for what Purposes the same have been laid out, paid, and expended; a Copy or Duplicate of which Account, signed by the said Justices, or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid, shall be depofued with the Clerk of the Peace of the said County for the Time being, to be kept among the Records of the Sessions of the Peace; who shall permit any Person so taxed as aforesaid to inspect the same at all seasonable Times, paying Sixpence for such Inspection; and shall. upon Demand, forthwith give Copies of the same, or any Part thereof, to such Person, paying at the Rate of Twelve-pence for every One hundred Words, and so in proportion for any greater or lester Number.

Ptrfcm aggrrev-

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Persons who shall apprehend themselves overcharged, «d may appeal to or otherwise aggrieved, by any Assessment or other Act to be made or done by virtue of this present Act, may the Oerter- appeal to the Justices of the Peace assembled at their next Quarter-sessions held for the said County after sessions. Demand of the Monies assessed, or after such other Act done; who shall and may make such Order therein,

as to them, or the major Part of them then and there present, shall seem meet.

{.imitation «f

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be com-Aftitns. mcnced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be brought and commenced within Six Calendar Menths next after the Fact committed, and nor afterwards; and shall be laid and-brought in the County of Essex> and not elsewhere; and the Defendant Ctncral I flue, or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon: And if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit,.or discontinue such Action or Suit; or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against T:cb> Costs. the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for such Costs as any other Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs in any other Cases by Law.

Act.

XIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act: and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, shall take Notice thereof as such without fpc-ci.iily pleading the same.

The Treafxrrerof

the Counry of Essex to pay the Expences of this Act, if not paid within Six Months. Actounts to be

CAP.

Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

C. 29.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to explain, amend, and make more effectual, an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more easy and specJy of Small Debts

within the Hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley and Beckenham, of Rokcfley Ruxley,

and Little and Lefiness, in the County of Kent and One other Act passed in the Sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for extending the Provisions of the said Act to the Hundred of {'Fallington, in the County of Surrey.

7S3

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the wjr* PtwnMe r*de- easy and speedy Recovery cf Small Debts within the Hundreds of Blackheath, 3/* Bromley and nl A^s Geo.

Beckenham, of Rokesley otherwise Ruxley, and Little and Lefiness, in the County of Kent: And whereas c,°*

an Act was made in the Sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, to extend the Provisions of the said former Act to the Hundred of Wallington in the County of Surre\; which said Acts have been found to be very beneficial, and of great Utility within the Limits therein mentioned: But it being doubtful whether c Power is given by the said Lift mentioned Act to the Tiiftices of the Peace, acting in and for the said

County of Surrey, to act in punishing Offences, or otherwise, under the said Acts, or either of them y 4 and some other Amendments being necessary to be made to the said Acts, in order to make them more

beneficial for the Purposes thereby intended: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may been acted;

and’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County of Surrey, shall have the same rower and Authority to act as Justices for the Purposes of the said !n ?urrcf

recited Acts, with respect to the Hundred of Wallington, as the Justices of the Peace in and for the said Hun-

County of Kent have to act as Justices, for the Purposes of the said Acts, with respect to the several Places of Walhrg-therein mentioned within the said County of Kent. ton.

II. And whereas by the said first-mentioned Act it isdirested, that Persons who (haB affront, insult, or abuse the Commissioners or Officers of the said Court of Requests, orlhall interrupt the Proceedings there- of, shall be puniftud by Fine, in Manner in the said Act directed: And whereas such Offenders may not live within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, or, living the rein, may not have Goods and Chattels upon which such Fire is by the said Act to be levied; and if suffered to go at large, after committing any such Offence, may not afterwards be met with: Wherefore, and for the more effectual punishing of such

Offenders,* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons shall Pena’tyon JVr-be convicted of any such Offence as aforesaid, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Coun-£^n,"J‘,ngbe ties of Kent or Surrey, as the Case may be, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he urr> and they is and are hereby impowered and required, upon f ailure of immediate Payment of the Fine or Fines which shall be fofet, to commit the Offender or Offenders to His Majesty's Gaol, or to the House of Correction, within the County where such Offender shall be convicted, for such Time, and in such Manner, as is by the said former Act directed, with respect to the same Offences.

III. And whereas by a Clause contained in the First of the said Acts it was meant and intended, that Debts which did not exceed Forty Shillings each, should noth? sued for or recovered o it of the said Court of Requests, from any Person residing within the Jurisdiction thereof: But some Doubts having

[Treble Costs.]

arisen in respect thereof; to obviate the same,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Explanation of a jdo Action or Suit for any Debt, not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, and recoverable by the said Clause m former Acts, shall be brought, commenced, or prosecuted, in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or in any other Court whatsoever, or elsewhere out of the said Court of Requests, against any Person or Persons reading or inhabiting within the Limits of the several Hundreds or Places mentioned in the said Acts; and that if any such Action or Suit shall be brought, commenced, or prosecuted, the Defendant in any such Action or Suit, shall and may plead the General Issue; and in case the Debt sued for, or to be recovered in such Action or Suit, doth not exceed the Sum of Forty Shillings, and the Defendant shall prove, by sufficient Testimony, that he was, at the Time of bringing or commencing such Action or Suit, inhabiting and refient, or dwelling within the Limits of the Hundreds and Places mentioned in the said Act?, and liable to be warned or summonrd before the Commissioners of the said Court of Requests for such Debt, then, and in every such Case, the Plaintiff in such Action or Suit shall ntit recover, but Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants; and the Judge or Judges before whom the said Catife shall be tried, shall award that the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in such Action or Suit, shall pay to the Defendant or Defendants Treble Costs; and if any such Action or Suit as aforesaid shall be commenced or brought, and the Plaintiff therein shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, or Judgement be given against him on Verdict or Demurrer, the Defendant or Defendants, in such Case, shall and may recover

IV. And whereas John Perycar and John Pardon, Gentlemen, were, by the First of the said Acts, ap- Encmirag€mc!a 4 pointed Clerks of the said Court of Requests, during their good Behaviour, and (fill continue Clerks to Clerki.

thereof, and have, at great Expence to themselves, paid the Charges of passing the said Acts, and of carrying the same into Execution, and of providing proper and convenient Places for holding the said Court in, and also proper G20IS and Prisons for the Use of the said Court, as by the said Act is directed:

[Publick Act.]

754. C. 29, 30, 3r. Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

c And whereas it is by the said first-mentioned Act provided that upon the Death, Resignation, or Remo val, of either of the said Clerks, another shall be elected in his Room, in Manner by the said Act pre- feribed: And whereas it is reasonable that some further Encouragement than what is allowed by the said Act, should be given for the great Expence the said Clerks have been put unto as above mentioned be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when it shall happen that either of the Clerks above named shall die, resign, or be removed, the Survivor or remaining Person shall be the folc Clerk of the said Court of Requests, during his good Behaviour, with the like Powers, Authorities, DU reftions, and Appointments, and subject to the same Rules, Orders, and Penalties, as are by the said Act: directed and provided with respect to the Two Clerks therein named; and that upon the Death, Resigna-nation, or Removal of such surviving or remaining Clerk, the said Office of Clerk shall be filled up by Two Persons to be chosen by the Commissioners of the said Court of Requests, Clerks of the said Court*. in like Manner as by the said first-mentioned Act is directed, in case of the Death, Resignation, or Remo-

val of either of the said Clerks.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for rectifying a Mistake in an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for better securing the Duties of Customs upon certain Goods removed from toe Out Ports and other Places to London; for regulating the Fees of the Officers of His Majesty's Customs in the Province of Senegambia in Africa; for allowing to the Receivers-general of the Duties on Offices and Employments in Scotland, a proper Compensation for their Trouble and Expences \ for the better Preservation of Hollies, Thorns, and Quicksets, in Forests, Chaces> and private Grounds, and of Trees and Underwoods in For efts and Chaces \ and for author ijing the Exportation of a limited Quantity of an inferior Sort of Barley, called Bigg, from the Port of Kirkwall, in the Islands of Orkney.

Preamble Acts q Gao, c. 41.

an<1 6 Geo. .48. and feec

confirmed and extended.

lowing to the Receivers-general of the Duties on Offices and Employments in Scotland, a proper Compensation' 4 for their Trouble and Expences; for the better Preservaiitfh of Hollies, Thorns, and QuickJets, in ForeJisY 4 Chacesy and private Grounds, and of Trees and Underwoods in Forests and Chaces; and for authorising the r'~ szs an inferior Sort of Barleys called Bigg, from the Port of Kirkwall irp

in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, therein intended, Mistake, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of Roots, Shrubs*

and Plants, instead of being intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of Timber Trees, and of Woods and UndeTwoodsy and for the further Preservation of Root/, Shrubsy and Plants: Now, for rectifying the said-

Mistake,’ be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign shall, notwithstanding such Mistake in reciting the Title thereof, made in the said Act of the last Session of Parliament* be taken, deemed, and adjudged nevertheless to be meant thereby, and confirmed and extended accordingly, as to all and every the several Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Matters and Things in the said Acts or either of them contained, in the same Manner, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said Mistake had never been made or happened, and the

'Title of the said Act of the Sixth Year of IJis present Majesty's Reign had at first been truly recited in the said Act of the last Session of Parliament \ any Law or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for extending like Liberty, in the Exportation of Rice from East and West Floridar to the Southward of Cape Finisterre in Europe, as is granted* by former Acts of Parliament, to Carolina and Georgia.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the granting the like Liberty, to export Rice in the same Manner from His Majesty's -

Colonies of East and Wesi Florida to the Southward of Cape Finisterre in Europe, as is granted, by former Acts of Parliament to the Provinces of Carolina and Georgia, may be of great Benefit to the said Colonies of East and West Florida £ be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty* by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons^in this present After Augod 1, Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of August, 1770> One thousand seven hundred and seventy, it shall and may be lawful for any of His Majesty's Subjects*

A.D. 1770. Anno decitno Georgii III. c. 3J* 32; 33. ^55

in any Ship or Vessel built in Great Britain, or in His Majesty's Colonies in America, or belonging to any of His Majesty's Subjects, and navigated according to Law, that shall clear outwards in any Port of Great Britain for the Province of East or West Florida, or in any Port thereof, to ship or laid Rice in such Pro- oortccTfrom the vince, and to carry the same directly to any Port Southward of Cape Finisterre in Europe, without carrying Fieridas to the the same to any other of His Majesty's Plantations in America, or to Great Britain; under the like Entries, Southward of Securities, Restrictions, Regulations, Limitations, Duties, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are particularly Cape Finisterre, described, appointed, limited, or enabled for that Purpose, in and by an Act p ailed in the Third Year of Elation*»*" the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting Liberty to carry from Catol*ina, Rice* from His Majesty's Province of Carolina />7 America directly to any Part of Europe, Southward of\>y Act jGco/a. Cape Finisterre, in Ships built in and belonging to Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, rowers. Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and be in Force TW* Act to con-until the Twenty-ninth Day of September* One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and from thence cDU*10 Forfctt,i to the End of the then next Session of Parliament* cp ’ *774!

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for defraying the Expence of building the New Office of Excise in London, out of

His Majesty's Revenue of Excise.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for p«amult rentcarrying into Execution an Agreement made between the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City ingcA" *

of London, and the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the said City, and Stamp Brooks- c‘*31*

bank Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Revenue of Excise* for the Purchase- of Gresham College, and the Ground and Buildings thereunto belonging* and for vesting the same unalienably in the Crown*

for the Purpose of wetting and building an Excise Office there* and for other Purposes therein mentioned; it is,

amongst other Things, enacted, That the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London*

and the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, shall, within a c Time therein limited, pay or cause to be paid unto the Receiver-general of His Majesty's Duties of Ex-

cife, the Sum of One thousand eight hundred Pounds, for and towards the Expence of pulling down the said College, and the building an Excise Office there; and that the Receipt of such Receiver-general shall be a sufficient Discharge for the same: And whereas a considerable Expence, over and above the said Sum of One thousand eight hundred Pounds, has already been incurred, and must necessarily be further in- curred in erecting and building such Office for the managing and conducting the Business of His Majesty's Revenue of Excise; and Doubts have arisen, whether the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are sufficiently authorised by Law to direct Money arising out of His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, and in the Hands of the Commissioners of Excise, or of any Officers belonging to them, to be applied for or towards Payment of the said Expences: Now, for settling such Doubts, May it please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted ;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall Treasury impow-and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time *red t direct the being, and they are hereby authorised by their Warrant or Warrants, from Time to Time, to require and ExdfctTdefi^ direct the Commissioners of His Majesty's Revenue of Excise for the Time being to pay, or cause to be the Eipenceof paid, out of the Money in their Hands, or in the Hands of their Officers, all such Sums as shall be so re- budding new ^uired and directed by such Warrant or Warrants to be paid, on Account of the Charge and Expence al- E*cir« Office; ready incurred and to be incurred in erecting and building the said Office of Excise; and the Money so paid, which Au)l be in pursuance of such Warrant or Warrants, shall be accepted in their Accounts as so much Money paid a^ow.ed£hcm '* into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer; and the said Commissioners of Excise shall be and are hereby the £xchcqu,r* discharged thereof accordingly.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act made 9 Geo. 3. c. 14, in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled An Sec *oGc«. 3. Att for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax* to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the c'

Year One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty determined by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy.

EXP.

CAP.

756 c. 34, 35.

Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

[Preamble.]

Act 12.

An. Sr. a. c. 16. 14 Geo. a. c. 39. 26 Geo. 1. c. 2<;.

2 Geo 3. c. 18.

3 Geo. 3. c. 14.

Commissioners for the Longitude impowered to ie-ccive Proposals,

and if they think proper, to make Experiment thereof, they are to certify the same, with the Names of the Authors, to the Commissioners of 1 he Navy who mi) thereupon make out a Bhl for any Sum not exceeding 50 co !. payable by the Treasurer of the Navy,

Rewards exceeding ioco). t«> be certified by the Vujor Part of the Commissionc;«(

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for rendering more effectual several Acts for providing a Publick Reward for discovering the Longitude at Sea; for improving the Lunar Tables constructed by the late Professor Mayer; and for encouraging Discoveries and Improvements ufcfulto Navigation.

WHEREAS by several Acts made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in the Fourteenth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Second and Fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, several Sums of Money were granted towards making Experiments of Proposals for discovering the Longitude at Sea; towards granting certain Rewards to the Persons in the said Acts mentioned, towards improving the Lunar Tables constructed by Tobias Mayer deceased, late Profrflor at Goetingen in Germany3 and towards making Discoveries and Improvements useful to Navigation; to be applied and paid in such Manner, and to such Persons, as the Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea should by virtue of the Powers vested in them by the several Acts before-mentioned, think necessar/ and direct: And whereas, by reason of the several Payments made by the Treasurer of the Navy to several Persons, pursuant to the Directions of the said Acts, the said several Sums by the said Acts granted are nearly expended: And whereas, as well from the Experiments which have already been made in pursuance of the Powers vested in the said Commissioners as aforesaid, as from other Discoveries and Improvements useful to Navigation which have already been made, there is great Reason to expect, that by continuing to encourage ingenious Persons to invent and make further Improvements and Experiments in order to discover the said Longitude, such Discoveries may at length be produced as will effectually answer that End, and thereby greatly contribute to the Advantage of the Trade and Honour or this Kingdom: Therefore, for enabling the said Commissioners to cause such further Experiments to be made as they shall think proper for the Purpose aforesaid, and for promoting further Discoveries and Improvements useful to Navigation, May it please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Commissioners constituted by the said several Acts before mentioned for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, and for examining, trying, and judging of all ProDofals, Experiments, and Improvements relating to the same, or any Five or more of them, shall have full Power to hear and receive any Proposal or Proposals that have been, or that shall hereafter be made to them for discovering the said Longitude at Sea; or for improving the said Lunar Tables; or for making any other' Discovery or Discoveries, Improvement or Improvements, useful to Navigation; and in case the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall be so far satisfied of the Probability of any such Proposal, as to think it proper to make Experiment thereof, or of the Utility of such Discovery or Improvement, as to think the same deserving of Reward, they shall certify the same under their Hands and Seals to the Commissioners of the Navy for the Time being, together with the Names of the Person or Persons who shall be the Author or Authors of such Proposal or rropofals, or who shall make such Discovery or Discoveri s, Improvement or Improvements; and, upon producing such Certificate, the said Commissioners of the Navy are hereby authorised and required to make put a Bill or Bills for any such Sum or Sums ot Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, as the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the said Longitude, or any Five or more of them, shall think necessary for making any Experiments, or for giving any Reward or Rewards, Sum or Sums of Money, to such Person or Persons as shall improve the said Lunar Tables, or shall make any Discovery or Discoveries, Improvement or Improvements, useful to Navigation, in pursuance of this Act, or any of the said Acts herein before mentioned, payable by the Treasurer of the Navy; which Sum or Sums of Money the Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being is hereby authorised and required to pay immediately to the Person or Persons mentioned in the said Certificate or Certificates, out of any Money that shall be in his the said Treasurer’s Hands unapplied for the Use of the Navy.

II. Provided always, That if any such Reward or Sum of Money shall exceed the Sum of One thousand Pounds; then, and in that Case, the same shall be certified under the Hands and Seals of the major Part of the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the said Longitude.

Prej-r.U.', recit-i Act ^ Geo. 3. 34.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to enable the Governor* Council, and Assembly of His Majesty's Colony of New York, to pass an Act of Assembly for creating and issuing upon Loan Paper Bills of Credit to a certain Amount; and to make the same a legal Tender in Payments inta the Loan Offices and Treasury of the said Colony.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled.

An Act to prevent Pa er Bills of Credit hereafter to be issued in any of His Majestys Colonies or Plantations in America, from being declared to be a legal Tecder in Payments of Monty, and to prevent the legal Tender of such Bills as are nowfubfijling, from being prolonged beyond the Periods limited for calling in and faking the same, it is enacted, That from and after the First Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and fatty-four* no Older, Resolution, or Vote of AUu»bly> in any of tjis Majest/s Colonies

ot

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III.

c. 35. 36- 757

or Plantations in America, shall be made for creating or issuing any Paper Bills, or Bills of Credit of any Kind or Denomination whatsoever, declaring such Paper Bills or Bills of Credit to be legal Tender in Payment of any Bargains, Contracts, Debts, Dues, or Demands whatsoever; and every Clause and Provision which shall hereafter be inserted in any Act, Order, or Resolution, or Vote of AlFmbly, contrary to this Act, shall be null and void: And whereas it is, at this Time, necessary for the Publick Service of the Colony of New York, that Provision should be made for creating and issuing One hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, current Money of New York, in Paper Bills of Credit, to be received as 4 a legal Tender by the Loan Officers of the said Colony, for and during the Term of Fourteen Years;

and in the Treasury of the said Colony, for and during the said Term, and for One Year thereafter:

And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether, under the Terms of the said reciicd Statute, such Provision as aforesaid can lawfully be made: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of pailTw

the fame, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor, Council and General Assembly of the said AfttorfTuing Colony, to pass an Act of the said General Assembly for creating and issuing a Sum, not exceeding One 120,cool. c«<r-hundred and twenty thousand Pounds current Money of New York, in Bills of Credit to be put out upon rcncy» in Blll> Loan, to be legal Tender in Payment at the Loan Offices for and during the Term of Fourteen Years; nie^mVto be and in Payment into the Treasury of the said Colony, for Colony Duties, for the said Term and for One ]e?1j Tender at" Year thereafter; any Thing in the afore-recited Statute of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign the Loan office* to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. and TWury

there for 14

CAP. XXXVI. YcJr,‘

An Act for redeeming the Capital or Joint Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings/>*r Centum, established by an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Y'ear of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two Millions, to be raised by way of Annuities and a Lottery, and charged an the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament; and for extending to Ireland the Laws made in this Kingdom against private and unlawful Lotteries.

Moji gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS in pursuance of an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late preamb>, recit- Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty tbs Sum of Two ingAct2c, Geo. x. Millions, to be raised by way of Annuities and a Lottery, and charged on the Sinking Fund, redeemable by c. 7« Parliament; and for extending to Ireland the Laws made in this Kingdom against private and unlawful Lotteries; the said Sum of Two Millions was raised for the Publick. Service; and it was thereby further enacted, That the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the said Sum of Two Millions, on which Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum were to be attending, should be deemed One Capital or Joint Stock; and that at any Time after the Expiration of Fifteen Years, to be computed from she Eleventh Day of February One thousand seven hundred and fifty-six, and not sooner, upon Six Months Notice to be primed in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Roy I Exchange in London, by Authority of Parliament: and upon Repayment by Parliament of the whole Principal Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, for which the faits Annuities were payable, to such respective Persons or Corporations as should be inti tied to the same Annuities; or upon the like Repayment by Parliament of any Part of the said Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, (o as such Part of the Sum so paid at any One Time be not less than Five hundred thousand Pounds; and also upon full Payment of all Arrearages of the same Annuities, then, and not till then, the said Annuities should ccafe and determine, and be understood to be redeemed; and that any Vote or Resolution of the House of Commons, signified by the Speaker in Writing, to be inserted in the London Gazette^ and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London, as aforesaid, should be deemed and adjudged to be fuftuient Notice within the Words and Meaning of the said Act: And whereas Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, have resolved, That the said Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, being the Amount of the said Capital or Joint Stock of the Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum, be redeemed and paid off on the Twelfth Day of February, One thousand seven hundred and seventy one: And whereas the Speaker of the House of Commons did, in pursuance of a Resolution of the said House in this Session of Parliament, give Notice by Writing, inserted in the London Gaz tte, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, that the same will be paid off and redeemed on the Twelfth Day of February, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, agreeable to the Power of Redemption in the said Act: Therefore, Your faithful Commons, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad\ice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That such Notices as aforesaid WotIre, ;vrn by shall be, and be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be good and sufficient Not ce or Notices within the Speaker whe true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, for the Redemption of the said Capital or Joint Stock of An- d^nu-.i toed nuities after the Rate otThree Pounds ten Shillings /cr Contumy and the lame shall be redeemable and fumotnt, redeemed accordingly*

758 C. 36. Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

t:.c t 11 wing

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on or before the said Twelfth Day of ^,ni* f° hc Februaryi One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, there shall and may be issued and paid to the

out oVthe Sup- ^overnor ai‘d Company of the Bank of England\ the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds,

granted ' (!ut of or any the Aids or Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament (except any particular Aid or this s'ejli. n, viz. Supply v\hich hath been or shall be in the same Session specially and intirely appropriated to any other on or before particular Use or Purpose); which Sum shall be, by the said Governor and Company, applied and paid J2 irh’ over for discharging the said principal Sum of One million five hundred thousand pounds. Part of the said

Jc'.*Cpphed°in ait- $um of ^Millions, raised under the Authority of the said Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of His cWiing Part of late Majesty's Reign, and for redeeming the said Annuities after the Rate of Three founds ten Shillings 3.000,000 1. per Centum, attending on the same.

ra.fed oy Act 29 Geo. 2. and redeeming attendant Annuities;

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on or before the said Twelfth Day of February, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, there shall and may, by Order of the Commis-

fioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being,

without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that Behalf, be issued and paid at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by way of Imprest, and upon Account, out of the Surpluses, Excesses, or Overplus-monies, commonly md fomtich out called The Sinking Fund, such Sum of Money as shall be necessary for the Discharge of the said Annuities fund' determined by wiy attending on the said Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, from the Fifth Day of January, vMmprei^zs One thousand seven hundred and sevency-one, to the said Twelfth Day of February, One thousand seven Anil be neref- hundred and seventy-one inclusive; which Sum shall be applied by the said Governor and Company in Giy to difeha:ge discharge of such Annuities accordingly, at the same Time that the respective Principal Monies, composing artndW^oIi* l^e ^alc* ^um ®ne m^on ^ve hundred thousand Pounds, shall be paid and satisfied; and that all such the Vim of Annuities in respect of, or attendingon the same, shall cease and be extinguished, from the said Twelfth 1,500,000 1. Day of February, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one.

from 5 Jan. to 12 Feb. 1771, inclusive. Bank to apply the same nccoidingly, and Annuities to cease.

Annuities to be

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if all or any Part of pud up to the the said Principal Monies, composing the said Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds Capital Day appointed and Joint Stock hereby intended to be redeemed, shall be paid and satisfied at the Bank of England before Twelfth Day of February, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, the said Governor and n crc Company shall notwithstanding the same pay, and they are hereby impowered to pay, in respect of the Principal Monies so discharged, the full Sum which the said Annuities attending the same would have amounted to on the said Twelfth Day of February, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one} any Thing herein, or in any other Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed orconftrued to extend to any the Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum attending on the Sum of Hve hundred thousand Pounds, being the Residue of the said Sum of Two millions, raised by the said Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of His

__________ late Majesty, and thereby added to the Joint Stock of Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum

raised by Acti$per Annum, transferable at the Bank of England, and not hereby intended to be redeemed; but that the Geo. 2. &c. fame shall continue subject to a Redemption by Parliament, and charged and chargeable upon the said Sinking Fund; and shall be paid thereout in such Manner as the same is now charged and payable, as if this Act had never been made; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary noewithstandine.

No Member of

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and cur an^Dirab*"’ Company, or any Member thereof, shall not incur any Disability or Penalty for or by reason of his or their cur any j a 1. jQing any Matter or Thing in pursuance of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing therein contained; such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the (pccial Matter in Evidence for his and their Defence: And if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their Action, or be Nonsuited, or Judgement shall be given against him or them upon Demurrer or otherwise; then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

Thi? A & not to ext«nd to the Annuities attending the Kcfidue of the a,000.000 1.

lity in re!pc& of this Act.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

CAP.

A» D

1770,

Anno decimo Georgii III.

759

c. 37-

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for continuing so much of an Act made in the Third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend Two Acts made in the Twentyfirft and Twenty-eighth Years of His late Majesty's Reign, for encouraging the making of Indtco in the British Plantations in America; and fcr extending the Provisions of an Act of the Thirtieth Year of Hh late Majesty's Reign, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Spanish Prize Goods taken since the late Declaration of War with Spain, as relates to encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America; and for explaining so much of an Act made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs in America 5 and for extending the same to the Nava! Officers there.

WHEREAS the Law for encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America, preamble is found to be very useful and beneficial to the Publick, and is so near expiring, that it is fit it should be continued be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the LoJds Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign Act ai Geo. a.t* of His late Majesty King Georgette Second, intituled, An Act for encouraging the making cf Indico in shorcnTirapV t're British Plantations in America, which was to continue in force for Seven Years from the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then rica, next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, is further continued from the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and fifty-six, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act made in the Thlc1’ fcon\ Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue and amend Two Acts made AifcL

in the Tw'cntyfirst and Twenty- eighth Years of His late Majestfs Reign, for encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America: and for extending the Provisions of an Act of the Thirtieth Year of His late Alajej.y s Reign, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Spanish Prize Goods taken since the fate Declaration of War with Spain, is further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same, together with all the Provisions, Re-further confirm-gulations, Restrictions, Powers, and Clauses mentioned in the said last recited Act of the Third Year ofed t015 - His present Majesty, so far as they relate to encouraging or concern the making of Indicoin the British 1777« Plantations in America, is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven-, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

II. And whereas by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, Act 5 Gc0- 3*

1. An Act for more effectually securing and encouraging the Trade of His Majesty's American Dominions; for c. 45.

repealing the Inland Duty on Coffee, imposed by an Act made in the Thirty- second Year of His late Majestyt King George the Second; and J or granting an Inland Duty on all Coffee imported (except Coffee of the Growth of the British Dominions in America); for altering the Bounties and Drawbacks upon Sugars exported; for repealing Part of an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of His said late Majesty, whereby Bar Irony made in the said Dominions, was prohibited to be exported from Great Britain, or carried Coastwise\ and for regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs in the said Dominions; in order to prevent any Dilutes concerning.

what Fees the Officers of His Majesty *s Customs in the British Colonies and Plantations in America may be intitled to for making Entries or other Business done by them in the Execution of their Employments,.

it is enacted, That until such Time as the same shall be otherwise settled by the Authority of Parliament*

it shall and may be lawful for all and every Collector, and other Officer of His Majesty's Customs in any British Colony or Plantation in America, to demand and receive such Fees as they and their Prede- celTors were intitled to demand and receive, on or before the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, provided the Fees so taken aie not contrary to the express Di- rection of any Act of Parliament made in Great Britain; any Law, Bye-law, or other Act of Assembly,

made in the said Plantations, to the contrary notwithstanding: And whereas there have lately arisen, in some of the Ports of America, Disputes whether the Officers of the Customs were intitled to demand and receive such Fees as were usually taken by them and their Predecessors before the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and the Naval Officers not having been in- ciuded in the said recited Act, Disputes have arisen concerning the Fees of some of the said Naval Officers;* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First Day of August, One thousand seven Act<r 1 Aug. hundred and seventy, for and during the Term of Two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next *770,

Session of Parliament, unless the same shall be sooner settled by the Authority of Parliament, every Col- Gf!lcrr3 °[ rJ;<! lcftor. Comptroller, and other Officer of His Majesty* Customs, and every Naval Officer in the said British Colonies, shall be deemed to be intitled to, and shall and may lawfully demand and receive such in the Enufl* Fees, as they and their Predecessors respectively were and had been generally and usually accustomed to de- Colo-ms, m.'.y mand, take, and receive, before the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred for 2 Yr*\rVc*

nwnd such hrc«.

as were tifually paid before 2 g Sept. J 7 64.. Penalty en ex-aifljrg greater Fees.

Application

tl.crccf.

Prein-blr, reciting 29 CrCU. 11. C. I5.

Act 29 Geo. a.

for granting Bounties on Exportation ot certain Linens, JLc.

further continued tiil 24 June, 177S; except whrre altered by this Act.

Bo intyon rertain British checqmd or drip 1 Liner.s opened j

fubi'ft to the I'rov lions ot Ad 29 Ceo t. l.mrn of above l?.6d. \ct Vaul, en?e*fd as i- ti rted to Btunty,

C. 37, 38. Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

and sixty-four; and shall have like Remedy for the same according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act; any Law, Bye-law, or other Act of Assembly made in said Plantations, to the contrary notwithstanding: And if any such Collector, Comptroller, or other Officer of His Majesty's Customs, or Naval Officer, in America, shall exabl, require, or receive any greater or other Fees than such as are herein before allowed to be taken, he shall, for the First Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; one Moiety of which Penalty shall be to his Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Person or Persons aggrieved thereby, who shall sue for the same in the proper Court in such Colony or Plantation; and ferthe Second Offence, he shall forfeit his Place or Office, and be for ever after incapable of executing any Office or Employment in the Customs or Navy.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for continuing the Bounties on British and Irish Linens exported; for further difeon-tinuing the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; and for granting a Bounty on the Exportation of British checqued and striped Linens, and upon British and Irish Diapers, Huckabacks, Sheeting, and other Linen of above a certain Breadth.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain Species oj British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax, it is enact- cd. That there (LII begiten and paid, without any Fee, Reward, or Dedublion whatsoever, a Bounty for every Yard of British or Irish Linens made of Hcmf> or Flax, and of the Breadth of Twenty-five Inches or more, under the Value of Five-penceper Yard, the Sum of One Halfpenny; and of the Value of Five-pence per Yard, and under the Value of Sixpence per Yard, the Sum of One-penny; and of the Value of Sixpence per Yard, and not exceeding the Value of Eighteen-pence per Yard, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny; which, from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and fifty-six, and within the Term of Fifteen Years, to commence from the said Twenty-fourth Day of June, or at any Time thereafter before the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be exported out of Great Britain to Africa, America, Spain, Portugal, Gib? altar, the Island of Minorca, or to the Eojl Indies: And it is further enabled, That from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day o {June, no Subfiby, Custom, Rate, Duty, or other Imposition whatsoever, should be demanded, collected, received, or taken upon any Raw or Brown Linen Yarn made of Flax, and know n by the Names of Dutch Yarn, and French Yarn, and of Spruce or AJujcovia Yarn, or any other foreign Raw or Brown Linen Yarns made of Flax, which shall be imposed into this Kingdom; but that all such Linen Yarns shall and may be imported Duty-free for the Space of Fifteen Years from the said Twenty-fourth Day of June, or at any Time thereafter before the F nd of the then next Session of Parliament; any former Law, Statute, or Act or A his of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: And whereas the Manufacture of Linen would be ilill further improved, and the Exportation thereof to foreign Parts be preserved and considerably increased, if the Bounties by the said Act granted, and herein before recited, were continued, and the Duties on the Importation of foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax raken off for a further T erm of Years, and if a Bounty was allowed on the Exportation of all British checked and iiriped Linen of a certain Value: 4 May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act of the Twenty-ninth of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting a bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported: and taking off the Duties on the Importation of foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax, and the Bounties thereby allowed; and the taking off the Duties on the Importation of the foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax shall be, and the lame are hereby continued, under all the Clauses, Conditions, and Limitations of the said Abl, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, except in so far as the same are altered and extended by this pr.sent Abl in Manner as herein after mentioned; any Thing in the herein before recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be given and paid, without any Fee, Reward, or Deduction whatsoever, a Bounty for every Yard of British checked or striped Linen of the Breadth of Twenty-five Inches or more and not exceeding One Shilii. g and Sixpence and not under Seven-pence in Value per Yard the Sum of One Halfpenny, which, from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and within the Term of Seven Years to commence from the said Twenty-fourth Day of June last mentioned, and from thence to continue to the End of the then next Session of Parliament immediately following the Expiration of the said additional Term of Seven Years, shall be exported out of Great Britain to Afncay America, Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar, the Island of Minorca, pr the East Indies; in the same Manner, and under the like Provisions. Conditions, and Limitations, as the herein before recited Bounties were allowed by the said Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of His late Majesty, and continued under this present Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, upon View and Examination by the proper Officeisof the Customs it shall appear, that all or any Piece or Pieces of checked and fti iped Linen, which shall be entered for Exportation as intitled to the Bounty hereby granted, is or are of a greater V alue

than

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 38, 39. 761

than One Shilling and Sixpence per Yard; then, and in such Case and Cases respectively, it Officer may t«kc

shall be in the Power of the Officers of the Customs to take the said checked and striped Linen, on the ^mc’*

paying to the Exporter or Seller the Value of One Penny per Yard over and above the estimated

Value thereof; in the same Manner, and subject to the like Difnofitions and Conditions, as by the a^eaunat^Vaiuc

said before recited Act are provided in the Case of Linen entered for Exportation as intituled to the 9

bounty, which, on View and Examination, shall appear to the Officers to be of greater Value

than One Shilling and Sixpence per Yard.

iy. And whereas Diapers, Huckabacks, Sheeting, and other Species of Linen, upwards of

One Yard English in Breadth, though of no fii er or better Fabrick or Quality than Linen of an ordinary Breadth which are intitled to the Bounty by the Lid Act granted, are not intitled to the said Bounty if above the Value of Eighteen-pence per Yard: And whereas it would be of greater

Benefit to the Manufacture of Daipers, Huckabacks, Sheeting, and other Species of Linen aforesaid, that a Bounty be granted by the fiquare Yard upon the Exportation of the same to any of the

Places mentioned in the said recited Act;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That A Bounty of 1 d. 2 v for and upon every square Yard of the Species of Goods aforesaid, being of the Manufacture of Per r8ua,c Yatd allowed Great Britain or Ireland, and not exceeding One Shilling and Sixpence the Square Yard in Value a DPi^rEx^u0tj°Bra^ Bounty of One Penny Halfpenny upon every such Square Yard, and so in proportion for any Mmutjciu-I, Quantity exceeding a Square Yard, shall be allowed upon the Exportation thereof respectively, for not e\ceeJinp is. 6 d, such Time, and in such Manner, and under and subject to the like Conditions, Restrictions, and per Yard in Value. Limitations, as are prescribed by the said recited Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, and continued by this present Act.

CAP XXXIX.

An Act for rendering the Prices at which Corn is fold in the several Counties of Great Britain, and the Qyantity exported and imported.

WHEREAS a Register of the Prices at which Corn is fold in the several Counties of Great PreimUe.

Britain, will be of publick and general Advantage: May it please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted \ and’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Justices of the Peace for each Coun- at General or ty, Riding, Division, and Stewartry within Great Britain, shall, and they are hereby required, at rcr-cirion* af-their General or Quarter-sessions to be held next after the Twenty-ninth Day of September., One ler 29 pt* ycai y* thousand seven hundred and seventy, and so in every succeeding Year during the Continuance of this Act, at their General or Quarter-sessions to be held next after the Twenty-ninth Day of Sep- to nrdw weekly Ren mi tember, to order and direct Returns to be made weekly of the Prices of Wheat, Rye, Barley, Oats, fder and Beans, from such and so many Market-towns within such respective Counties, Ridings, Divi- oat*, Bcjrs.Vnd b.'5, fions, and Stewartries, as they shall think proper, not being less than Two, nor more than Six from nor )e s than or Market-towns within any County, Riding, or Division, in that Part of Great Britain called Eng- more than 6;

land and in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Prices also of that Grain called Bear or an;1^iucITR^ujrT Bigg; and shall and may also direct and appoint a proper Person, being an Inhabitant of such Mar- onTis 2 "*'

Jcet-town, to make such Returns from every such Market-town respectively to the Person to be ap- Two Justicesm. y appointed in Manner herein after directed to receive the same; and in case the Person appointed by point another to atill the Justices as aforesaid shall die, neglect his Duty, or become incapable of performing it, any the neit Two Justices of the Peace acting for the County, Riding, Division, or Stewartry, shall and may fcfl, on* appoint a fit Person to make such Returns, until the next General or Quarter-session of the Peace to be holden for such County, Riding, Division, or Stewartry; and the Justices of the Peace at such next General or Quarter-sessions, shall and may ratify and confirm such Appointment, or appoint some other Person to make such Returns until the next General or Quarter-sessions to be held after the Twenty-ninth Day of September.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Meal-weighers of the City of weifhcT* of London for the Time being, shall take an Account of the Prices at which Wheat, Rye, Barley, do1]'to mfakf a weeklJ Oats, and Beans are (old at the Markets within the said City, and return the Average Prices weex-ce^urno *er, ge a" ly to the Person to be appointed to receive the same.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the said Justices Justicei nrgUftingtoap-of the Peace shall refuse or neglect to appoint a proper Person to make such Returns as aforesaid, ^,nt Hcr,0"tofn, ake then the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being shall,

and they are hereby required to appoint such Person or Persons, as they shall think proper, to make such Returns from such respective Places; who shall be paid in the Manner directed by this Act, until the respective Justices of the Peace, at their General Quarter-sessions next after the Twenty-ninth Day of September, shall appoint a proper Person for that Purpose.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace for each Stan?!^ ®ufllcIs lt County, Riding, Division, and Stewartry, shall cause a Standard Winche/hr Bushel of Eight Gal- Pr0T!dN*

Ions to be provided and kept at each Market-town, from whence such Return shall be directed to be made: and such Return shall be the Average Prices of Wheat, Rye, Barley, Oats, Beans, and Bear or Bigg, by the customary Measure of each respective Market f and also the Average Prices by the said Standard or Winchester BusheL

5 S V. And

C. 39> 4®*

Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

Treasury to appoint a JVilon to receive Return* thrre,) who is to inttr tbrm in Boole, and puhlifti them, or Abstracts thereof,

762

Pcfona r aUinf Re- V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person.making such Rcturits taros ro b« paid cu: of (except from the City of London) shall be intituled to, aiKi shall receive such Sum and Sums of Mo-Cuurvy Ra^s. ney for his Care and Trouble therein, as the Justices of the Peace so assembled as aforesaid shall

respectively order and direct, not exceeding Two Shillings for each Return, to be paid Quarterly out of the publick Rates for each County, Riding, Divinon or Stewartry; which Sum and Sums of Money the Treasurer of such County, Riding, Division, or Stewartry, is hereby authorised and required to pay out of the publick Stock of such County, Riding, Division, or Stewartry, upon receiving a Certificate from the Person authorised to receive such Returns, that the lame hav been made according to the Directions of this Act, and upon the Receipt of Duplicates of such Returns Rusiiotrs of Returns which Duplicates, the Persons making the same are hereby required to deliver or transmit to the to b- ij;d before Judi- Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy for each respective County, Riding, Division, or Stewartry, cm lour Times a year. four Times in every Year, to be laid before the Justices of the Peace at ihcir next General or Quarter-fdlions assembled.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord High Treasurer, dr the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for die Time bein<?, shall, from Time to Time, appoint a fit Person to receive such Returns at the Treasury (the First Appo ntmenc to be made before the First Day of August, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, and published Eight Times at the least in the London Gazette); and such Person shall, and is hereby required to enter, or cause wctkiy, in the London such Returns to be entered fairly in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and Once in Gazette» every Week to cause the same, or an Abllraft thereof, in the Manner and Form that shall be ap-

nd likfuifc Times a proved of by the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three Commissioners of His Mai city's Treasury Vfjr, certify to the for the Time being, to be published in the London Gazette; and shall a!so Four Tim.s in every *!c ki\°c RKumi^made ^ear transmit a Certificate to the Clerk of the Peace for each rJpcaive County, RiJit g, Divfion* fr«^m their vc a n Stewartry, and to the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, of the Returns Counti:s, &c. which have been made by the fevered Persons appointed to make the same within such County,

Riding, Division, or Stewartry; and also whether the lame were regularly made according to the Directions of t. is Act.

Person*appointed by the

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person-appointed to receive Trejh.ry, rxonptsd the Lid Returns at the Treasury, shall receive and fend all his Letters and Packets free from the

fion> PoiUgt. Duty of Postage, in the same Manner, and under such Reflations, as any Person or Persons appainted by the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for that Purpose, now send and receive the same in pursuance of an Act made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of Let*. Act Geo. ijl c. 24. ters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage 5* any Law or Statute to the contrary notwich-flanding.

Account of (Vamitfcs

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord High Treasurer, or i C m exposed the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being shall, and they are hereby required to order

and imported, and direct, that an Account of the Quantities of all Corn and Grain exported and imported from and of Bounties and Du- and into Great Britain, together with an Account of all Bounties and Duties paid and received l^tran^ be transmitted annually by the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland re-

by commissioneo y spectively, and be registered in proper Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Person appointed to Cuflcms in England and receive the Returns of the Prices from the several Counties as aforesaid.

Scothid. Entr «s to

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall have Continuance from the passing thereof

made the eof. for an(j dutjner the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Act, .0 continue ParHalncnu

for«< 7 Ycajj.

CAP. XL.

An Act for appropriating a Fund, established by an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain Foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom, and for establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the Raising and Dr effing of Hemp and Flan.

Preamble, reciting Act 7 \K7 WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty*

Geo. HU 58, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain Foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom, and for establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the Raising and Drejfing of

Hemp and Flax, it is enacted, that a Sum not exceeding Fifteen thoulaiid Pounds per Annum, arising

from the Duties by the said Act granted, shall be kept apart in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, as a Fund for the Encouragement of raising and dressing Hemp and Flax in this King- $lom, in such Way and Manner as Parliament should thereafter direct: And whereas such Di- rection is now become requisite for answering the salutary Purposes of the said Act: May it there

fore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent His Majesty impowertdj Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-to direct the Distribu- mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and fen of 80001. per Ann. may be lawful to and for His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, from Time to Time, and at all &c. for encouraging the Times hereafter, by His or Their Royal Sign Manual for that Purpose, and countersigned by the

k«u!8d Fla*. ing°f Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or any Three or more of

them*

763

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 40, 41.

them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, to direct, order, limit, and appoint, the Distribution and Payment of the Sum of Eight thousand Pounds per Annum, from the Commencement of the said Act of the Seventh of His present Majesty, and annually afterwards, or of Eight Fifteenth Parts of the Sum and Sums of Money which have already grown due and been kept apart, and shall hereafter grow due and be kept apart, for the Encouragement of raising and dressing Hemp and Flax in this Kingdom, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act of the Seventh of His present Ma- purfumt to the Direc-jesty, and every Matter and Thing necessary for the Appropriation thereof, according to the true In- tion* of Ad;, Geo. iU. tent and Meaning of the said herein before recited Act, in such Ways and Manner, and in and by such Shares, Proportions, and Divisions, and under such Conditions, Restrictions, and Limitations, as to His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, shall from Time to Time as aforesaid, appear to be tnoft useful and effectual for the Encouragement of the raising and dressing Hemp and Flax within that Parc of Great Britain called England.

II. 1 And whereas, pursuant to Powers given by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of His Ad 13 Geo. I. c. j®. Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for encouraging and promoting Fifoeries^ and other

1 Manufactures and Improvements, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,’ His Majesty has already, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal appointed by the Treaty of Union to be kept in Scotland in place of the Great Sea) thereof, appointed, named, and authorised certain Persons to be Trustees and Commissioners for managing and directing the Application of the several Funds and Sums of Money in the said Act provided and appropriated for the Improvement and Encouragement of Fishery and Manufactures in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And whereas it wi 1 be of great Publick Benefit that so much of the said Fund set apart for the Encouragement of the Raising and Dressing of Hemp and Flax, as shall be allotted for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, should like wife be put under the Management and Direction of the said Trustees and Commissioners, and other Persons after mentioned: Be it therefore further enacted by the Au- _ r w

thority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of His Majest/s Treasury now being, and the High 0^"j#

Treasurer of Great Britain, and the Commissioners of the Treasury of His Majesty, His Heirs, and annually,&c. Successors for the Time being, shall, and they are hereby impowered and required to issue their Warrants and Orders to the proper Persons, for making Payment of Seven thousand Pounds per An-tiumy from the Commencement of the said Act of the Seventh of His present Majesty, and annually afterwards, or of Seven Fifteenth Parts of the Sum and Sums of Money which have already grown Purfutntt0 Act 7 Gm. due and been kept apart, and shall hereafter grow due and be kept apart in the Receipt of Majesty's Exchequer, for the Encouragement of raising and dressing Hemp and Flax in this King- jumVand cafoait" u dom pursuant to the Directions of the said Act of the Seventh of His present Majesty, as the same Scotland, toward* en-shall lcvernlly become due, unto the Receiver-general of the Crown Rents and Casualties in Scotland^ courting Fishnici, *c. without Fee or Reward, to be by him answered and issued in like Manner, without Fee or Reward, to and by the Order of the Commissioners and Trustees for encouraging and promoting Fishings,

Manufactures, and Improvements, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland^ and other Persons after named in Manner as herein after mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the same Plan or Method, Rules, Method* preferred by and Regulations, whereby the Funds appropriated for the Improvement of Fisheries and Manufac- Aa *3 Geo. * tures by the said Act of the Thirteenth of George the First are ordered to be applied, laid out, and

distributed, shall take place and be followed in the Application* laying out, and Distribution of the

Sum and Sums of Money which shall be issued under the Authority of this present Act, to and tobf followed i« iheDi-

for the Encouragement of the raising Hemp and Flax in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, thi« a3

under the Direction and Management of the said Trustees and Commissioners, in the same Manner,

and as effectually, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Matters, and

Things, in the said last-memioned Act, respecting the Plan, Rules, and Regulations aforesaid,

were repeated, and applied in this present Act to the Application, laying out, and Distribution of the said Sum and Sums of Money allotted for the Encouragement of the Raising and Dressing of

Hemp and Flax in that Part oi Great Britain called Scotland.

CAP. XLI.

An Act to enable the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrants to make out new Writs for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the Room of such Members as shall die during the Rccefs of Parliament.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS many Inconveniencies have happened, and many Disorders have been occa-

fioned, for want of more speedy Elections of Members of the House of Commons, in the Room of such who have died during the Recess of Parliament: For Remedy whereof,’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiri- ^s-jnon tual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thar, from and after the End of the present Session of Parliament, it shall and may be CVmrnori, during Rc-lawful for the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being, during the Recess of Parlia- cei>, m.y j«r>jc ment for more than Twenty Days, whether by Prorogation or Adjournment, and he is hereby re- Warrants i<r nuki.-.* nut quired to issue his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown to make out new Writs for clefting Mem- Vnts lor nc" ca,<w,*‘ bers of the House of Commons, in the Room of such Members who shall happen to die during such

764 C. 41, 4a. Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

Recess of Parliament* so soon as such Speaker shall hav^e due Notice of the Decease of such Members.

Dccetfe to be certiM

II. Provided always, That no such Warrant shall be issued by the Speaker of the House of Com-by Two Member* j mons, unless the Death of such Member shall be certified to him by Two Members of the Houft of Commons, by Writing under their Hands, and notified by the

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Speaker of the House of Commons Speaker in the London forthwith, after the Receipt of the Certificate of the Death of such Member, cause Notice aMltf* thereof to be inserted in the London Gazette, and shall not issue his Warrant till Fourteen Days af-

ter the Insertion of such Notice in the Gazette \ any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

'Speaker not to issue hit

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to au-Warrant, unicf* the thorise the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being, to issue his Warrant to the Ketum of the Writ for Clerk of the Crown to make out ? new Writ for the electing a Member of the House of Commons Member be brou ht to *n the Room of any Member dfeceased, unless the Return of the Writ, by virtue of which such the Crown Office* Member deceased was elected, shall have been brought into the Office of the Clerk of the Crown, Days before the End of Fifteen Days at the lead before the End of the Session of Parliament immediately preceding the tfct preetdiD* Sessioa. Death of such Member.

CAP. XLII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in Great Britain and Ireland, as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited -by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; for allowing further Time for registering and inrolling Agreements entered into for enclosing Commons, for the Purpose of planting and preserving Trees for Timber or Underwood, and for indemnifying Personi who have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

Preamble, reciting the fevexal qualifying Asti of

1 Geo. I. c. 13.

23 Car. II. Stat. J.c 1. *5 Car. II. c.

30 Car. II. Stat. a.

I Geo. I. c. 6.

9 Geo. II. t.

iS Geo. II, c. 20.

a Geo. III. c. 35.

jnd 6 Geo. III. c. 53.

WHEREAS divers Persons in the Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, who, on account of their Offices, Places, Employments, or Professions, or any other Cause or Occasion, ought to have taken and subscribed the Oaths, or the Assurance respectively appointed to be by such Persons taken and subscribed, in and by an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First of Glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for the further Security of His Majestys Person and Government, and the SuccrJJim of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants \ and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors; or to have qualified themselves according to an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the well governing and regulating Corporations \ or to have qualified themselves according to another Act made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing the Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants, by receiving the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper according to the Usage of the Church of England f and making and subscribing the Declaration against Transubstantiation therein mentioned 5 or according to another Act made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preserving the Kings Person and Government, by disabling Papists from fitting in either House of Parliament; or according to an Act made in the Kingdom of Ireland in the Second Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to prevent the further Growth of Popery; or according to another Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for granting the People called Quakers, such Forms of Affirmation or Declaration as may remove fbe Difficulties which many of them lie under; or according to another Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and for amending so much of an Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as ^requires Persons to qualify themselves for Offices before the End of the next Term or Quarter Session s; and also for enlarging the Time limited by Law for making and fiubscribing the Declaration against Transubstantiation \ and Jor allowing a further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and 4 IVills made by Papish y and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devi fee s, and Lessees; or according to another Act made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the' 4 Second, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His present Alajffy s Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace; or according to another Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being relating to the raij.ng and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England; or according to another Ac: made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering the Oath of Abjuration and the A finance*, and fir amendingfo much of an Act mad' in the Seventh Year of Her late Majesty fiu en Anne, intituled, An Act for the Improvement of the Unin of 4 tJjc Two Kingdomsy as, after the Time therein limited, requires th: Delivery of certain Lijls an I Cpiey

therein

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 42. 76.5

thtrtin mentioned to Persons indicted of High Treason. Misprision of Treason; have, through Ig- norance of the Law, Abferice, or (ome unavoidable Accident, omitted to take and subscribe the said Oaths and Assurance, and make and subscribe tie Declaration required by Law, or otherwise to qualify themselves as aforesaid, within such Time, and in such Manner, as in and by the said Acts respectively, or by any other Act of Parliament in that Behalf made, is required; whereby they have incurred, or may be in Danger of incurring, divers Penalties and Disabilities: For quiet*

ing the Minds of His Majesty's Subjects in Great Britain and Ireland, and for preventing any In- conveniencies that might otherwise happen by means of such Omissions be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person or Persons respectively in Great Britain and Ireland, who, at or before the of thi*

passing of this Act, hath, or shall have, omittea to take and subscribe the said Oaths and Declara- have ©mifted to tions, or to receive the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, or otherwise to qualify him, her, or them- qualify themselves for selves, within such Time, and in such Manner, as in and by the said Acts, or any of them, or by office's and Employment* any other Act of Parliament in that Behalf made in Great Britain and Ireland respectively is re- M the Law duea*> * quired; and who, after accepting any such Office, Place, or Employment, or undertaking any rroftffion or Thing, on account of which such Qualification ought to have been had and is required, before the passing of this Act, hath or have taken and subscribed the said Oaths, or made the Declarations required by Law, and also received the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper according to the Usage of the Church of England;or who on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of

her, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, shall take and subscribe the said Oaths, Declara- fort Dec. 1770, tions, and Assurance respectively, in such Cases wherein by Law the said Oaths, Declarations, and Assurance, ought to have been taken or subscribed, in such Manner and Form, and at or in such Place or Places, as are appointed in and by the said Act made in the Kingdom of Ireland in the Second Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, or in and by the said Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, in that Behalf made and provided; and also hath or have received, or shall, on or before the said Twenty-fifth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, receive the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper according to the Usage of the Church o\ England, in such Cases wherein the said Sacrament ought to have been received j and hath or have made and subscribed, or shall, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, make and subscribe the said Declaration against Transubstantiation j and also hath or have made and subscribed, or shall, on or before the said Twenty-fifth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, make and subscribe the said Declaration in the said Statute made in the Thirtieth Year of King Charles the Second, in such Cases wherein the said Declarations ought to have been made and subscribed; and take and subscribe the Oath directed by the said Act made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, in such Cases wherein the said Oath ought to have been taken and subscribed, in such Manner as by the said Act is directed; and also being a Deputy Lieutenant, or Officer of the Militia, shall* on or before the said Twenty-fifth Day o{December, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, leave his Qualification in Writing with the Clerk of the Peace, with whom he is by the f.;id Act, made in the Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, required to leave the same; shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities, and Disabilities, incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reufon of *ny Neglect or Omission, are indemnified for ai^ previous to the passing of this Act, of taking or subscribine the said Oaths or Assurance, or re- such prcv, ou# ceiving the Sacrament, or making or subscribing the said Declarations, or taking or subscribing and rccapacitated the said Oath, or leaving his Qualification in Writing with the Clerk of the Peace respectively, ac- *'

cording to the above-mentioned Acts, or any of them, or any other Act or Acts; and such Person and Persons is and are, and shall be, fully and actually recapacitated and restored to the same State and Condition as he, she, or they, were in before such Neglect or Omission, and shall be deemed, and adjudged to have duly qualified him, her, or themselves according to the above-mentioned Acts* and every of them; and that all Elections of, and Acts done, or to be done by any such Pci son 2nd a|, E,eft;onf an* or Persons, or by Authority derived from him, her, or them, are and shall be of the same Force Aftsd.ne, or to be done, and Validity as the same, or any of them, would have been, if such Person or Persons respectively t>y them, &c. are d«-. had taken the said Oaths or All’urance, and received the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, and made cpred 10 bra» va]id> and fubicished the said Declarations, and taken and subscribed the said Oath, and left his Qualifi- ' "v had betcre duly cation in Writing with the Clerk of the Peace, according to the Direction of the said Acts, and feidtovtTd Aci every or any of them; and that the Qualification of such Person or Persons qualifying themselves in direct

Manner, and within the Time, appointed by this Act, shall be, to all Intents and Purposes, as effectual, as if such Person or Persons had respectively taken the said Oaths and Assurance, and re-except in such Case* ceived the Sacrament, and made and subscribed the said Declaration, and taken and subscribed the where fin*i Judgment said Oath, and left his Qualification in Writing with the Clerk of the Peace, within the Time, ^t^"h*1v'n ,n *nr and in the Manner, appointed by the several Acts before mentioned, or by any oaher Thing the re- by'aoy fak* in to the contrary notwithstanding. ^ Omission.

II. Provided always, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to indemnify any Person agamlfc whom final Judgment shall have been given in any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in

3 Great

766

CD 21

Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

on

its. alrrMov

6Y<v// Britain or Ireland reflectively, for any Penalty incurred by having neglected to qualify himself within the Time limited by Law.

III. Provided also, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be con-

tilled up and enjoyed, shall be and remain in and to the Person or Persons who is or are now or shall at the passing of this Act be legally intituled to the same, as if this Act had never been made.

IV. And whereas by an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty Act :n Geo. H. c* King George the Second, intituled, An Act for tnclosing, by the mutual Consent of the Lords and Tenants, Part of any Common, for the Purpose of planting and preserving Trees fit for Timber or Undt r- wood; and for the more effectually preventing the unlawful DeJlruEiion of Trees it is, among other *Filings, enacted, that it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and all other Owners of Wastes, Woods, and Pastures in that Part of Great Britain called England, wherein any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate hath or have a Right of Common of Pasture, by and with the Assent of the major Part in Number and Value of the Owners and Occupiers of Tenements, to which the said Right of Common of Pasture doth belong; and to and for the major Part in Number and Value of the Owners and Occupiers of such Tenements, by and with the Assent of the Owner or Owners of the said Wastes, Woods, and Pa-4 (lures; and for any other Person or Persons, or Body Politick or Corporate, by and with the Assent and Grant of the Owner or Owners of such Wastes, Woods, and Pastures, and the major Part in Number and Value of the Owners and Occupiers of such Tenements, to inclose and keep in severalty, for the Growth and Preservation of Timber or Underwood, any Part of such Wastes, Wojds, and Pastures, for such Time, and in such Manner, and upon such Conditions, as shall be agreed by them respectively 5 and it is by the said Act provided that the Recompence to be paid to any such Owner or Owners of such Wastes, Woods, and Pastures, not having a Fee- iiinple therein, or being disabled or restrained from alienating the same, shall be either by a Grant of a Share of the Profit which shall, from Time to Time, aiife from the Sale o*‘ the Timber or Underwood growing on the Ground or Soil so inclosed, or by a Grant of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of an Annuity or Rent-charge, issuing out of the said Ground or Soil so inclosed, or out of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, such Equivalent to be held and enjoyed by the Owner or Owners of such Wastes, Woods, and Pastures, and such as shall be intitled to the same, in Reversion, Remainder, or Succession, in like Manner as the Estate in such Wastes, Woods, or Pastures, is limited to be held and enjoyed: And whereas it is in and by the said last recited Act farther provided that every Agreement for any such Inclosure shall be in Writing, and signed by the Parties; and the same shall be registered and inrolled by the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Division where such Wastes, Woods, or Pastures, or the greater Part of them, shall lie, within Three Months next after the Execution of such Agreement: And whereas by virtue of Agreements made, or intended to have been made, pursuant to the said Act, and another Act made in the Thirty-first Year of his fail late Majesty's Reign, to amend and render more effectual the same, divers Parts of such Wastes, Wools, and Pastures have been inclosed, and are now kept in severalty, for the Growth and Preservation of Timber or Underwood, and at a great Expence have been planted with Trees for Ornament, Shelter, or Profit; but the Persons making such Inclosures have or may have omitted to have their said Deeds or Instruments of Agreement registered and inrolled by the Clerk of the Peace within Three Months next after the Execution thereof; and in other Respects the Powers in the said Act$ may not have been strictly pursued Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Agreement for Linds al- Agreement purporting to be made pursuant to the said Acts for inclosing of any Wastes, Woods, ready inclosed, if icgiPered or Pastures, which have been already taken in and inclosed, shall be of the same Force and ValiJi-^to°bc valid#' an(l a^ an(^ every the said Inclosures shall (land and be confirmed and established in the same

7,0, o va 1. Manner, as if such Agreement had been registered and inrolled by the proper Clerk of the Peace, pursuant to the said Act; provided such Agreement hath been before the passing of this Act, or shall be, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and seventy, registered and inrolled by the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Division where such Wastes, Woods, or Pallures, or the greatest Part of them, lie.

V. Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Persons, or Bodies Politick or Corporate, who think themselves injured or aggrieved by any such Agreement not yet registered and inrolled, and where the Lands inclosed in pursuance thereof have not been already planted with Trees as aforesaid, to make Complaint thereof by Appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any Quarter-sessions to be held for the same County, Riding, or Division, within Six Months after any such Their Determinatioa to Agreement shall be registered and inrolled in Manner as aforesaid; which said Justices are hereby bc'fin4lt authorised and required to hear and determine such Appeal, and whose Determination therein shall be final.

Indofuretiireidy made

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any such Inclosure, be-&c ^w^t'h A(ion^of1 ml. fore l^e Pa^ng this Act? hath been made by any Owner or Owners of Wastes, Woods, or Paf-

jor Part of Ownerstures, by and with the Assent of the major Part in Number and Value of the Owners of Tene-Tukircou, ments to which a Right of Common of Pasture therein did then belong, or by any other Person or Persons

Per font aggrieved may appeal to tke Quarter-Sefikmi:

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 42, 43. 767

Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, by and with the Assent of the Owner or ’Owners of such as ie, al a«

Wastes, Woods, and Pastures, and the major Part in Number and Value of the Owners of such ,f. p/.rt of °ccu-Tenements; such Inclosure shall be deemed and adjudged to be as legally made, and are hereby pitr* a »> contented, cfhblished and confirmed in like Manner, as if the major Part in Number and Value of the Occupiers also of such Tenements had thereunto assented and agreed.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Owner of Wastes, where Owners of Woods, or Pastures, not having an Estate in Fee-simple therein, hath, before the passing of this Wallet, &c. not bavin* Act, agreed and assented to the making such Inclosures of any Part of his said Wastes, Woods, or Fftalc ,n Fcc'fimP,r> Pastures, for the Purposes aforesaid, and the Recompence to be paid to such Owner is by Grant of ^sure>tve a*rcc *° *" some Annuity, but the same is not in the Deed ot Agreement made a Charge upon, or expressed

to be issuing out of the said Ground or Soil so inclosed, or any other Lands, Tenements, or He- the Recompence to be seditaments, as by the said recited Act is required; such Annuity so granted shall be deemed and domed a Rent-charge taken to be a Rent-charge issuing out of the said Ground or Soil (o inclosed; and the said Agree- ifluwg out at the Sw.U ment shall be as good, effectual, and binding, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been so expressly mentioned and granted in and by the said Deed.

VIII. 1 And whereas many Persons have omitted to cause Affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed in the proper Office, of the actual Execution of several Contrails in Writing entered into by them to serve as Clerks to Attornies or Solicitors within the Time in which the same ought to have been done; and many Infants and others may thereby incur certain Disabilties: For preventing thereof, and relieving such Persons/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Person who have emit* every Person who, Jit the Time of passing this Act, shall have neglected or omitted to cause any such to aIc* a"d filcA

Affidavit or Affidavits as aforesaid to be made and filed, and who, on or before the Twenty-fifth t°0 Attornie*

Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, shall cause One or more Affidavit or lnd sol citors, indue Affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed in such Manner as the same ought to have been Time, doing the same made and hied in due Time, shall be, and is hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from and by 25 Dec. 1770, in-against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities, and Disabilities, in or by any Act or Acts of Parliament mentioned and incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reason of such Neglect or Omission; cn-t cl 0 e

and every such Affidavit and Affidavits so to be made, and which shall be duly filed on or before the said Twenty-fifth Day of December^ One thousand seven hundred and seventy, shall be as effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been made and filed within the respective Times the same ought, by the Laws now in being for that Purpose, to have been made and

filed. " rtX 1 A

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Action, Suit, Bill p*son*sued fA* of Indictment* or Information, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be brought, carried tic

on, or prosecuted against any Person or Persons herein before meant or intended to be indemnified, rtcapacitated, or restored, for or on account of any Forfeiture, Penalty, Incapacity, or Disability whatsoever, incurred or to be incurred by any such Neglect or Omission; or if any Action shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done by virtue or in Execution of this Act; "the Defendant or Defendants respectively shall and may plead the General Issue, and Gcncra * upon their Defence give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon: And if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action shall discontinue the same, or become non-suit; or if Judgement shall be given against such Plaintiff'; then the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action shall recover Treble Costs of Suit* Ticblt Cost*t

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for repealing the Duties upon Bast or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horsehair Hats and Bonnets, and upon certain Materials for making the same, imported into this Kingdom; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of such Goods.

4 \\ T WHEREAS by an Act made in the Seventh Year of His Majest/s Reign, intituled An PrMm})lf. -

Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Ball or Straw, Chit>> Caney and Hcrfe~ /ceo. UiTu il,

hair Hats and Bonnets, and upon certain Materials for making the same, imported into this Kingdom%

4 a new Duty of Six Shillings was laid upon every Dozen of Bast or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horsehair Hats and Bonnets; and a new Duty of Six Shillings was also laid upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Platting, or other Manufacture of Balt or Straw, Chip, Cane, or Horse- hair, to be used in or proper for making of Hats or Bonnets, to be imported into this Kingdom,

over and above all other Duties imposed thereon: And whereas, since the laying of the said new '

Duties, great Quantities of the said Goods have been clandestinely and fradulently imported and run into this Kingdom, to the Diminution of the Public Revenue, and the Discouragement of the Fair Traders: And whereas Bast or Straw Hats are rated in the Book of Rates referred to by the Act of Tonnage and Poundage made in the Twelfth Year of King Charles the Second, and Plat, called Bermudas Plat, for Hats, and Shavings for Hats, are also rated in the additional Book of Rates referred to by an Act of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Firift 5 but the other Articles herein before enumerated, not being rated in either of the said Books of Rates, or by any other Act of Parliament, the Duties granted by former Acts upon

2 such

768

C. 43-

Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

the Duties here mention- ] to repealed j

such unrated Articles, are payable according to the Value sworn to, or affirmed by, the Imnor ters; which by Experience has been found to be very uneaual, from the various Values fixed by the Importers on the same Species of Goods: Now, for Remedy thereof, and to put the Trade After *4 June, 177©, upon a more equal Foot, May it please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and* be it enacted by tRe King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, the said new Duties imposed by the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign as aforesaid, and all other Rates and Duties now payable by virtue of any other Act or Act of Parliament, upon Bast or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horsehair Hats or Bonnets, and upon Platting, or other Manufactures of Bast or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horsehair, to be used in or proper for making of Hats or Bonnets, imported into this Kingdom, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable for the same.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in lieu of the said former Rater and Duties repealed by this Act, all Bast or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horsehair Hats and Bonnets, which, from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and fe-ft Han or Bonntts M venty, shall be imported or brought into this Kingdom, shall be rated to and pay the Old Subsidy «xcteding2s inche granted by the Act of Tonnage and Poundage made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Diameter, ia«. 6d. per Charles the Second, according to the Rates and Values of Twelve Shillings and Sixpence for every Dor. and, exceeding that Dozen, each Hat or Bonnet not exceeding Twenty-two Inches in Diameter; and Lhie Pound Fivf Dotand* for PU* Shillings for every Dozen of such Hats or Bonnets as shall exceed Twenty-two Inches in Diame-

f Ad Old Subsidy to to paid according to States following, Tit,

Jrc. 6 *. 8d. per lb. Avoirdupois.

Good* hereia.be/bre eau-crated,

ter each; and all Platting, or other Manufactures of Bast or Straw, Chip, Cane, or Horsehair, to be used in or proper for making of Hats or Bonnets, which, from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day ofjurtiy One thousand seven hundred and seventy, shall be so imported or brought into thii Kingdom, shall be rated to, and pay the said Old Subhdy, according to the Rate and Value of Six Shillings and Eight-pence for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois; and after those Rates, for any greater or less Quantity of such Goods respectively.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any of the said Goods herein before enumerated were, before the making this Act, subject or liable to the Payment of the further Subsidy, One Third Suhlidy, Two T hirds Subsidy, the additional Impost, the additional Du*y on French Goods, the Subsidy One thousand seven hundred and forty seven, or any of them, according to the respective Values let thereon for the said Old Subsidy, or in propor-to a rtionably *c. t,on t^iereto» the same shall, from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June^ One thousand cord?ngP^PRatcs herein seven hundred and seventy, be paid proportionably, according to the particular Rate or Value heretofore set thereon for in before respectively set thereon for the Old Subsidy, and not according to any former Rate or Va-Old Subsidy. Jue; any Thing in any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Duties, &c. to be raised,

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Subsidies, Impositions, Actt which granted1 the and Duties, upon the said Goods hetein before mentioned, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, hme; and applied, in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and under such Penalties

«nd the Power* and p#. and Forfeitures, and with such Discounts, Allowances, and Drawbacks, as are mentioned and ex-nahiesof the said act* pressed in the several Acts of Parliament which granted or continued the same respectively: And tended to the act. all Powers, Penalties, Provisions, Articles, and Clauses, therein contained, shall continue in full Force and Effect, and shall be applied, practised, and executed, for the raising, levying, collecting, paying, and applying, the said respective Subsidies, Impositions, and other Duties, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this present Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Clauses, Matters, and Things, had been repeated and enacted in the Body of this present Adh

Enumerated Goods now V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of remaining in the King’* the Goods herein before enumerated, as shall be now remaining in any W archouse under the Kind’s Warehouse* under pro- Locks, where the said Goods were lodged immediately upon landing, in pursuance of the Proviso

subject to ihe7fame Re- for ^at Purpose in the before recited Act made in the Seventh Year of His Majesty's Reiga, shall

gulations as if imported be subject and liable to the Duties and Regulations herein before mentioned, in the same Manner fter 24 June, j77o. as if the said Goods had been imported aftvr the said Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand Owner mrk ng a Port seven hundred and seventy; and upon the Owner or Proprietor making a Port Entry for such Goods, in ^MnnrhlI*Pay*n2» within the Space of Three Months from the Commencement of this Act, into the win m.kc up the Du tie* Hands of the Collector of His Majesty's Customs for the Port where such Goods shall be secured, hereby imposed, Goods so much Money as, together with the Duties before paid upon the Importation of such Goods, J-,: J up to him. will be equal to the Duties imposed by this Act thereon, the said Goods shall and may be delivered

ment Use UP to or t^em to dispoied of as by Law they may; but in case such Entry shall not be made,

ment 1 c and the Duties paid as aforesaid, within the said Space of Three Months from and after the Commencement of this Act, then it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, or any Four or more of them, to cause the said Goods to be brought to any Warehouse belonging to his Majesty, and publickly sold by Auction to the best Advantage; and after deducing the Charges of such Sale, to apply the Produce thereof to the Customs and Duties herein before mentioned; and the Overplus, if any, to be paid to the Owner or Proprietor of such Goods; any Thing in the before-recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, no Bast or Straw, Chip, Cane,

to be delivered But on failure Entry and Payment fame may be fidd by Auftii.n, returning the Overplus,

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 43, .44. 769

or Horsehair Hats or Bonnets* or any Platting or other Manufactures herein before mentioned to be St«w and Chip Hat*, used in or proper for making of such Hats or Bonnets, shall be imported or brought into any Part p°ru*{|*t

of Great Britain^ except into the Port of London only, upon any Pretence whatsoever; nor shall Jhe°p"ryt cf Lon(ion> u any such Goods be imported or brought into the Port of London, unless the same shall be packed nor there. lrf> than'75 in Bales or ft ubs, each of which Bales or Tubs shall contain Seventy-five Dozen of such Hats or Dozen of Hat* or Bon. Bonnets, or Two hundred and twenty-four Pounds Weight Avoirdupois of such Platting or other "pVor 2*4lk# Wu Manufactures at the lead respectively; and in case any such Goods shall be imported or brought in- 1 to any other Port or Place within this Kingdom, except in the Port of London, or shall be found on board any Ship or Vessel coming or arriving from any Foreign Parts, either at Anchor, or hovering within the Limits of any Port, of this Kingdom, or within Two Leagues of the Shore, or shall be discovered to have been within the Limits of any such Port, and not proceeding on her Voyage, Wind and Weather permitting, unless in case of unavoidable Necessity and Distreis of Weather, of which Necessity and Distress, the Master, Purseis or other Person, having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall give Notice to, and make Proof of, before the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs of such Port as aforesaid, immediately after the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel into the said Port; or if any such Goods shall be imported or brought into the Port of London, in any other Form or Manner, or in N any less Quantity or Package than is herein before mentioned and allowed; in each and every such Case, such Goods so imported, or found on board any Ship or Vessel* contrary to the true Intent;on Forfeiture thereof, and Meaning of this Act, together with the Package containing the same Goods, or the Value there- tozCther With 1>aclr" of, shall be forfeited, whether Bulk shall then have been broken or not; and the Ship or Vessel fn #6e' which such Goods shall be so imported or found as aforesaid, with all her Tackle, furniture, and Apparel, shall also be forfeited and lost, provided such Ship or Vessel doth not exceed the Burthen e*cLdin/co

of Fifty Tons; and such Ship, Vessel, or Goods, shall and may be seised and prosecuted by any Tons Burthen j to b# Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs, and, after Condemnation, disposed of and divided in the prosecuted and divided same Manner as other forfeited Goods, and Ships or Vessels not exceeding Fifty Tons Burthen, a> <!‘aed by are directed to be seised, prosecuted, disposed of, and divided by an Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituleck 4 * * * An Act for the further Improvement of His Ma- 3 Geo. III.

jesty's Revenue of Customs; and for the Encouragement of Officers making Seifurcs; and for the Prevention of the clandestine Running of Goods into any Part of His Majesty's Dominions/

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be Limitation of Artiom, commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had there- Central issue, upon, and that the same was done in Pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them,sUpon Demurrer or otherwise; then such Defendant or Defendants Avail have Treble Costs awarded to him or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs. Treble

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for more effectually preventing Traders in F.xcifeable Commodities from uf-ing false Weights and Scales; and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS several Traders, subject to the Survey of the Officers appointed by the Commissioners of Excise, are severally required by the Laws concerning the Duties under the c Management of the said Commissioners, to keep just and sufficient Scales and Weights, at the Place or Places where they carry on their respective Trades, to be used in taking the Account of the Stocks of such Traders: And whereas, the Penalties in those Laws provided, have by Expc- rience been found ineffectual, and not sufficient to restrainnhe using false Weights and Scales, in regard the Duties of One Weighing oftentimes amount to more than the Forfeiture incurred;

whereby some ill-disposed Persons have been encouraged to make use of false, unjust, and infuffi- cient Scales and Weights, to the great Diminution of the Revenue, and to the Discouragement of the fair Trader: For Remedy whereof. May it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted;

and* be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if at any Time after the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thou- After 24 J >n-, 177#,

sand seven hundred and seventy, any Trader, subject to the Survey of any Officer of Excise, and Tr^cr uiiu$ false

required by the Laws concerning the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Ex- ^':jh-sT'jnd Scs^s

cife to keep sufficient and just Scales and Weights, shall in the Weighing his, her, or their Stock the Dunci,11

or Stocks, make use of, or cause, or procure, or suffer to be used, any false, unjust, or infufliftent '!

Scales or Weights, to the Intent to defraud His Majesty of the Duties by the said Laws respectively granted; that then, and in every such C«fe, the Party or Parties offending, shall forfeit the forfeit* iool.

Sum of One hundred Pounds for every such Offence.

II. Provided always, That such Offender, who shall be prosecuted for the Penalty by this Act ov-n.icrnot to be pj. given, shall not be again prosecuted for the same Offence by any former Act; and that such Often- imVo twice for the

der who shall be prosecuted for the Penalty given by any former Act, shall not be prosecuted again 1<?mc

for the same Offence by virtue of this present Act, or any Thing herein contained.

77©

Penalties to be recovered, &c. w by the La us of Ixcifc; and to be ap., Half to His Ma-jtfly. Half to the Informer.

4A 7 OiO, 111, «. 44,

CTaufc in recited A<fl re-stiled.

Corrjjr.iiTiorrrs miy commit OfUncieis iin-fti'-dutdy to Bridewell in London, dee.

to bard Labour, and the Correction of the House.

J.icensed Person ref.ifing to aupear upon Summons,

forfeits 10 s.

sM refilling to ap; e3r, wi*h his Renter, on Third Summons, Com* TTi'lRonei! miyce'ermine C.»mplainr, and inthCl due Penalty.

Comnets cr i fli-ce*5 m\y determine Ot-feiues, ai.i intiift l‘u-rribaiems,

a* l < °,d by Act y A »n.«.

C. 44. Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Penalties by this Act imposed shall and may be sued for, recovered, levied, and mitigated by any such Ways and Means and Methods, as any Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by any of the Laws of Excise may be sued for, recovered, levied, and mitigated; and that one Moiety cf such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, and the other Moiety for the Lie of such Person or Persons that shall inform or sue for the same.

IV. And whereas, by a Clause contained in an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majes- tv’s Reign, intituled, An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Polices of Assurance; and for reducing the Allowance to be made in rcjtest to the prompt Payment of the Stamp Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other Excisable Liquors; and for explaining and amending federal Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney^ Coaches and Chairs; it was enacted, that every Jobb-coach licensed at the Head Office of Excise in London, which should be driven or let to Hire on private Contraft within the Cities of London and Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality,

for any Time longer than One Month, without having the Excise Number or Mark fixed under the Foot-board of every such Coach, the same should be deemed and adjudged a Coach driven or let to Hire, contrary to the Act therein before mentioned, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne\ and the Person so letting or driving for Hire as aforesaid, is made liable to the like Penalty, as any Person or Persons who should drive or let to Hire by the Hour, Day, or otherwise, any Hackney Coach or Coach-horses, within the Places therein mentioned, without Leave or Licence from the Commissioners for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches and Chairs, were then by Law liable unto And whereas many Inconveniencies may arise from putting the said Clause strictly into Execution be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ie-venty, the said Clause shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

V. And whereas, by another Clause contained in the said Act passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, it is enacted, That in every Case where any Person for any of the Offences mentioned in any Law relating to the licensing and regulating of Hackney-coaches and Chairs, shall be liable to be committed to Prison, it should and might be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, either to commit such Offender to Pris n in Manner and for the Time therein prescribed, or, by Warrant under t heir Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender to His Majesty's Work-house of Bridewell in London, or some other Hnufe of Correction, there to be kept to bird Labour for any Time, at the Discretion of the Hid Commissioners, not exceeding One Month; and alto to receive the Correction of the said House, if the said Commissioners shall so think fit to order: And whereas, a Doubt has arisen whether the said Commissioners have a Power, under the said recited Clause, to commit Offenders to Bridewell, or any other House of Correction, immediately upon such Offenders being convicted before them; which Power would be very beneficial in many Instances to the Publick Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, in all Cases where they may now, by Law, commit any Offender convicted before them to Brideuell or any other House of Correction, to commit such Offender, for such Offence whereof he shall be so convicted before them, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, immediately to His Majesty's said Workhouse of Bridewell in London, or some other House of Correction; there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time, at the Discretion of the said Commissioners, not exceeding One Month, and also to receive the Correction of the said House, if the said Commissioners shall so think fit to order.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Person licensed by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, to carry or let for Hire a Hackney-chair, who shall neglect or refuse (being duly fommoned for that Purpose) to appear from Time to Time before the said Commissioners in Person, or by his or her Renter, upon any Complaint made, without some reasonable Excuse to be approved of by the said Commissioners, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings; and if any such Person licenced as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to appear, together with his or her Renter, before the said Cominifflotiers upon the Third Summons, without such reasonable Excuse as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the major P-art of them, to hear and determine the said Complaint, notwithstanding the Absence of the Party offending, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Wirnclles, and to impole upon such licensed Person or Renter the Penalty or Forfeiture due to such Offence.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Offences mentioned in, and intended to be provided against by the said recited Act, or by this present Act, shall aid may be heard and determined, and all and every the Forfcrures and Penalties thereby inflicted, shall and may be recovered and levied, nut only by His Majesty's Commissioners for regulating and lie ending Hacknty-coaches and Chairs, or the major Part of them, but also by any Justice of the Pi ace. Mayor, Badifi, or other Magistrate of the County, City, or Place, where fu ll Offence or Offences shall be committed, by such Ways and Means as the Penalties and Forfeitures in the said Act, made in the Ninth A ear of the Reign of Queen Annare directed to be levied and recovered.

Vlil. And whereas great Neg!c:t or Default huh been rn iJe in transmirring, to the Receiver*

general of the Revenue arising by Hafttuey-coaches and Chairs, His Majesty's Part of the Pen .1-4 t-.cs which hive bre.u lev i e I a v Juki' e> of rh Peace, or other Magistrates, in pursuance r tae ieveroi Acts and Bye-ia.vs made, reuti.ig to il.uk u y-coa.ha* and Cnaiis Be it therefore cna.t-

cJ»

MIX 1770. Anno decimo Georg<j III. C. 44, 45. yyt

f3 by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thou find His Mai*ny\ p^irof a;i

liven hundred and seventy, his Majesty's Part of all Penalties which shall be levied by an / Justice of the cace, Mayor, Bailiff, or other Magi (Irate, in pursuance of this or any oth r Avih or any OMies'.r ,1 Vni

of the Bye-laws made relating to Hackney-coaches and Chairs, shall from Time to Time be trans- thmo/ to *hc Cu ...nJu-

mitted by him or them to the Receiver-general of the said Revenues arising by Hackney-coaches n:

and Chairs, and also.a Certificate thereof to the (‘aid Commissiontiers for licensing and regulating the 0,1 lJfn4lr> «' jo.*

fame, within Ten Days after the levying any such Penalty or Penalties, upon pain of forfeiting

the Sum of Ten Pounds j one Moiety thereof to the Use of His Majesty, Hi; Heirs, and Successors and the other Moiety thereof to him or them that: will inform, or sue forth for the same.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, for any hing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act. and General IfTus. the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in Pursuance, and by the Authority of this Act: And if afterwards a VerdiH shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plamiiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their Action or Acti- ons, or be nonsuited, or Judgement shall be given against him, her, or them upon Demurrer or otherwise; then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or themTrcWe^cfts* against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XLV.

An Act to prerent the further Spreading of the contagious Disorder amongst the Horned

Cattle in Great Britain.

WHEREAS by an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act forpramblr, reciting Alt indemnifying all P erf ms with rfpeft to advising or carrying intoExecution His Aiajejlys Orders of th.t Session, to Gc*. 4 Council, made for preventing the Spreading of a contagious Di/icmper amongst the Horned Cattle, and for 3- c- ll*

rendering the same valid and effectual, and fot preventing Suits in consequence thereof, and to author fe the continuing, extending, and executing the same for a further Time, His Majesty is impowered, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, to continue and extend His Orders issued in Council, bear- ing Date the Seventh and Fourteenth and Twenty-second Days of December, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, for preventing the Spreading the said Contagion, to all such Counties and Places in Great Britain, and all other His Majesty's Dominions thereunto belonging,

or any Part or Parts thereof, as His Majesty, in His great Wisdom, shall judge most expedient and effectual to prevent the Spreading such infectious Distemper; and it is also in and by the said Act provided that the Continuation of the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, or any of them, which are hereby before confirmed, may be repealed, abridged, or shortened,

and also that the same, or any of them, may be enlarged, altered, and varied, by any other Act or Acts

to be made in this present Session of Parliament: And whereas a contagious Distemper has raged for foine

l ime pad, and (till continues to rage amongst the Horned Cattle in several Parts of Europe; from

whence it is apprehended that the same has been, and may hereafter be brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain and Islands thereto belonging, unless some effectual Means are used for Prevention there-

of Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majestyby and with the Advice and Confer t

#f the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the R. n

Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to an I for the King’s most Excellent Majesty, Mr InuiTtheTumour,

H is Heirs and Successors, from Time to Time, as often as He or They shall rind it necessary so to do, of

by H is or their Royal Proclamation, to be issued by and with the Advice of His or Their Privy Council,

Or by His or Their Order in Council, to be published in the London Gazette, to prohibit generally, or from any particular Country or Countries, or from the Kies of Alderney, jersey, Guernsey, or any of Cattle, Hides, &c. the Islands or Dominions belonging to Great Britain, the Importation of any Cattle, or of any Manner of Hides or Skins, Horns or lloofs, or any other Part of any Cattle or Bead, or any Hay, Straw, w£#r</ fr

Litter, Fotider, Package, or any other Things that have been or may be employed about infected anvXXWon

Cattle, or the Hides, or any other Part of such Cattle, or have been in or near any Places where there

has been any such Infection, and are liable to retain the lame, into the Kingdoms of Great Britain or *nd l krwife to prohibit Ireland, or into any of the Islands or Dominions thereto belonging; and also the Exportation of any «hcEtj»oitie«a thueof such Cattle or Things as aforesaid, from or out of the same, or any Part thereof coastwise, or into any coa other Parts, for such Time or Times, to be therein mentioned, and with such Powers and Authorities to Magistrates, Constables, Inspectors, Officers, and others nominated or appointed in that Behalf, u,|l<er like P°we« of Sri-for (lopping, seising, or destroying such prohibited Things upon any such Importations and Exporta- o^uncuAomed 'cJutf. tions as aforesaid, wfith like Authority in that Behalf, as any Officer and Officers have by any Law now in being in Cases of prohibited and uncustomed Goods; and under full Rules, Orders, and Regulation^, as His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by the Advice aforesaid, shall judge most expedient and effectual to prevent any contagious Distemper from being brought into thele Kingdoms, or spread in any Part thereofj any Law, Statute, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Perfmal Actions and Suits, Indictments, Informa- Perfrnai A^irfjr &c tions, and all Prosecutions and Proceedings whatsoever, which have been or shall be prosecuted or corrTnoIKCt. tcr commenced against any Person or Persons, for or by reason of any Act, Matter, or Thing, advised, inObrdi- uc <0 order* m

5 I4 2 commanded, Cowci.,

772

C. 45.

Anno decifflo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

commanded, appointed, and done by virtue of any Order or Orders issued by His Majesty in Council in relation to the Premises, or of any Contract or Agreement not performed by Means of or in Obedience to such Order or Orders in Council, be, are, and shall be discharged and made void by De'en^antin England ma> virtue of this Act; and that if any Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted in that Part of *lead the ' Great Britain called England, against any Person or Persons for any such Act, Matter, or Thing, fa

advised, commanded, appointed, or done, or such Contract or Agreement not. performed, he, she. Central Ifloe, or they, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if

the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any Action or Suit so to be commenced or prosecuted, shall become Non-suit, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer Discontinuance, or if Judgement shall be given upon, any Verdict or Demurrer against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and nd recover Double Cost*. may recover Double Costs, and shall have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law; and if any such Action, Prosecution or Suit as aforesaid* Like Indemnity extendedcommenced or nurfued in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or in the Kingdom of to Defenders in Scotland Ireland^ the respective Court before whom such Action, Prosecution or Suit shall be commenced or and Ireland. pursued. shall allow to the Defender the Benefit of the Discharge and Indemnity hereby provided,

and shall further allow to him his Double Costs of Suit in all such Cases as aforesaid.

His Majesty impoweredto

III. And for the better preventing the Spreading of such Infection, and putting a Stop to the make Orders m Council,* Disorder,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,’ That it shall and may be lawful to and ^ncermnstheReowyaJofi-Qj. the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successort, by and with the Advice of His or * Their Privy Council, from Time to Time to make such Provisions, Rules, Orders and Regulations*

and to vary or repeal the same, as His Majesty in His great Wisdom shall ju Jge most expedient and effectual, in Great Britain, Ireland, and all other His Majesty's Dominions thereunto belonging, or and buyiugup, and kill- any Part or Parts thereof, for or concerning the driving and removing, or the prohibiting or preventing log thereof, the driving and removing of any Cattle infefted or not infefted with the said Distemper, as the Occa-

,4 w q-,;^, Ai«o n may require, from or out of any such County, Ri ing, Division, Hundred, Parish or Place, to Ut the*lame, and prohi any Fair or Market, or to any other such County, Hundred, Parish or Place, as shall for that Pur-bum? the Sale of needed pose be specified in such Rules, Orders or Regulations; and for or concerning the buying up, seizing, Caitte, Hides, Sec, or killing any such Cattle for the fake of flopping or preventing Infection; and making reasonable Satisfaction thereupon to the Owner or Owners of such Cattle; and for prohibiting the Sale, Disposition, or other Use of any such Cattle as shall or may be infefted with the said Distemper, or of any Manner of Hides or Skins, Horns or other Parts of such infefted Cattle; and also for deft roy ing fucr* Fodder, Litter and other Things as have been used about or breathed upon by any infefted Cattle; and purifying Stables, &c and concerning the washing, cleansing, and otherwise purifying all Stables, Out-houses, Yards* and the Buriil, and Man- anj other Places where, any such Cattle have been;, and also for the Burial of any such Beads as shall

infe&i°us Distemper, or be killed on account of or for the fake of Hopping or preventing ytl° Infection, and every Part thereof, within such Time, at such Depth under Ground, so fattened and

flaked down, and in such Manner in all Respectsas shall be speci&ed in such Orders as aforesaid; any Statute, Cullom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

©rdets in Council of 7,

IV. And whereas the said Orders made by His Majesty in Council, bearing Date the Seventh* J4, and 12 Dec. *769. the Fourteenth, and the Twenty-second Days of De'cernber, One thousand seven hundred and sixty- nine, so confirmed as aforesaid, have been found beneficial be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the same, and all the Provisions, Powers, and Authorities, Rules, Orders, and Regulations therein contained and inserted (except such and so much of them, or any of them respectyteept repealed or altered; trvely as His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, at any Time or Times, shall, with the Advice of and likewise tubfeejuent His and Their Privy Council, judge proper and expedient to repeal, alter, or vary) shall be in Force;

and the same, and also all such others, and such Variations and Additions, and for such further Purposes as His Majesty in His great Wisdom shall judge most expedient and effectual to put a Stop to or of prevent the Spreading of such Distemper, as shall be made by virtue of and in pursuance, and under the Power and Authority of this present Act; shall be observed and obeyed by all His Majesty's Subjects under the Penalty of Ten rounds, inflicted and directed to be levied by this Act, for each and every Offence committed against the same.

Masif- v. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That all and every the Powers and Authorities given by the aforesaid Orders of Council, or which shall be given by any subsequent Order or Orders of Council, by virtue of the Authority aforesaid, to Justices of the reace, and other Magistrates, and to Commissioners of the Land Tax, Inspectors, and other Officers appointed in that Behalf; shall be duly executed, and are hereby established and enacted, and declared to be as good and valid in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, during the Continuance of the fakl Order or Orders* and of this Act, as if the same were herein repeated and expressly enacted.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thou-Fcjfon* who fluff p oent f,n(j seven hundred and seventy, all and every Person and Persons who shall* by Force or Threats,

tvLm cxccuur tci or intimidate, hinder, or prevent the said Justices, Magistrates, Commissioners, Inspectors, Officers^ wm exccu ing uc f-^ Qtsler persons nominated or appointed in that Behalf, from executing the said Rules, Orders, and

or who shall enter into Regulations* or any of them, or from performing their respective Duties in relation thereto; or who-Combination* to disobej shall enter into any Agreement, Combination, Confederacy, Association, or Subscription, to disobey or defeat the same, 7 the said Order or Orders in Council, or to defeat, hinder, or prevent the Execution thereof, shall forfeit 50l. to the sole Use forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds; to be recovered by Bill, Plaint* Suit, or Information, in of the Prosecutor, any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster by any Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same: to go and be paid to and for the sole Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons t respectively, with full Costs of Suit,

& YU. And,

»nd destroying Fodder, &c.

Orders,

lo be obeyed on Pain 10 1. for every Offence,

Powers given to trite* and Offuei* by inch Orders,

declared valid.

Aittr 24 Jinc, 1770

A.D.

1770; Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 45. 773

VII. And, to the End that all'Persons whom it may concern, may know howto demean them- TM* Aa, «»d the Orden selves in the Premises, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and His Ma- ^churchei ^nd'chau icfly's said Orders in Council, and such others as shall be made in pursuance of this present Act, shall as Hil Majest* shall be publickly read, immediately after Prayers, on such Sunday in every Calendar Month as the Mi- appoint;

nifter shall think proper, in all futhPariJJ* Churches, Chapels, and other Places set apart for Divine Worship, as His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in Council, shall at any Time hereafter direct and appoint in that Behalf; and that when and as often as His Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors, and likewise fobsequent shall make any further Rules, Orders, and Regulations, orihall vary or repeal the same by virtue of Order*, or in pursuance of this Act, every such Rule, Order, Regulation, Variation, and Repeal, shall be notified and published in such Manner as His Majesty shall think proper, and shall be publickly read upon the next Sunday after the Receipt of the same, and on such Sunday in every Calendar Month as the Minister shall think proper, during the Time such Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Variations shall Minffter#°who*» continue in Force, in such Manner as aforesaid, within such Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Hun- to permit his Parish.oner* dreds, Parishes, and Places as shall be specified in such Rules, Orders, Regulations, Variations, and to read the same, Repeals for that Purpose; and every such Order, Rule, Regulation, Variation, and Repeal, together with this Act, shall be kept by the Minister of every such Parish Church, Chapel, or Place, Churchwardens to provide who shall permit any Person rending within his Parifll, Chapelry, or Place, to read the same during £XatFa~ the Time such Rule, Order, or Regulation shall continue in Force; and the Churchwardens or p n Chapel wardens of every such Parish or Place shall provide a printed Copy of this Act for the Purpo-fes aforesaid, at the Expence of the Parish or Chapelry.

VIII. And, to prevent the Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle being spread and increased by when Quarter Seffinn* Tanners and others buying the Hides and Skins ofinfefted Beasts, ft is hereby further enacted, That prohibit the holding of when the Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter Sessioni or at any Adjournment thereof, Fairs°rMarket*forHorn-within their respective Counties, Ridings, and Divisions, pursuant to and during the Continuance of cdCattk*

such Order or O.dersas aforesaid made in that Behalf, shall prohibit the holding of any Fair or Fairs*

Market or Markets, for buying and selling of such Horned Cattle; every Tanner, Tawer, or Dresser of Hides and Skins, shall, before he brings any Raw Hide or Skin of any Bull, Ox, Cow, Calf,

Steer, or Heifer into his Tan Yard, Workhouse, Warehouse, or Place used for dressing or manufac- banner &c. to <pve lecturing of Hides or Skins, give Notice to the Officer of Excise of the E)iftrift in which such Tan tlcc to'Excise officer in Yard or Dressing Place is situated, and whose Survey the said Tanner, Tawer, or Drcfler of Hides whose Survey hi* Tan shall be under and subject to for the Time being, and produce to the said Officer a Certificate, under Yar<J» &c. is situatedrand the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Cotnmif- *rtlficWe 01 fioner or Commissioners of the Land Tax, Rector or Vicar, qualified as herein after mentioned, *u ,cc> c* specifying the Colour of such Hide or Skin, the Name and Place of Abode of the Owner of such Hide reifying the CoW of or Skin, and that upon Examination on Oath of One or more credible Person or Persons, it appeared the Skin, and Name to the Person or Persons signing and sealing such Certificate, that the Beast from which such Hide or anJAb.de of the Owner, Skin was taken was found, and free from any Infection; which Certificate shall, by the said Officer, and the B aft iua» be entered into a Book to be kept for that Purpose: And if any Tanner, Tawer, or Dreiler of Hides in^aiom"1 W4* r°"* or Skins, during the Continuance of this Act, and of such Order or Orders as aforesaid, and in Dif- officer to entei Certise-obedience to the same, shall bring or suffer to be brought into his Tan Yard or Tan Pits, or other cate.

Place used for dressing or manufacturing Hides or Skins, any such Raw Hide or Skin, or shall tan or

dress, or manufacture any such Raw Hide or Skin, without giving such Notice, and producing such

Certificate as aforesaid; every Person so offending shall, for evsry such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Tinner, »e. nrgle&n

Ten Pounds; to be recovered, levied, and applied, as the several Forfeitures are, by this Act, di- to forfeit 10l.

rested to be recovered, levied, and applied.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every or any of the Officers of Excise, acting E*c«fc officer to be per-

and employed in any District wherein any Tan Yard, Workhouse or Warehouse, or Place for dressing l#

or manufacturing of Hides or Skins is situate and being, shall and may, during the Continuance of dM

this Act, and of such Order or Orders made as aforesaid by virtue and under the Authority of the

feme, at all Times, by Day or by Night (and if in the Night, then in the^ Presence of a Constable or other Officer of the Peace) be permitted, upon his or their Rcaueft, to enter into any such Tan Yard, Workhouse, Warehouse, or Place, in order to search for Hides and Skins suspected to be brought and conveyed into the same respectively, contrary to and against the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act and of such Orders as aforesaid; and then and there to search and examine, or causeto be searched or examined, any 'Fan Pit, Fat, or other Place where any such Hide or Skin is suspected to be hid, hid, put, or concealed: And if any Tanner, Tawer, or other Person or Persons whutfo- 10 I. Penalty w soever, shall obstruct or hinder any such Officer or Officers in the Execution of his or their Duty, utting him.

Power, or Authority given to, vested in, Imd required of him and them respectively by this Act, and any Orders made in pursuance of the same; every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds; to be recovered, applied, and disposed of in Manner herein after mentioned.

X. And whereas it may become necessary to encourage and promote the Breeding of Cattle, the € Number being at any Time greatly decreased by such Mortality,’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in such Case it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by Advice of His Privy Council, to prohibit and forbid the killing or slaughtering of Cow Calves in such Counties and Places, and in such Manner, and at such Times, as His Majesty shall judge proper; and all and every Person, offending against such Order and Prohibition, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of T,cn on Fe*al?y i*h Pounds; to be recovered, levied, and applied, as oilier Forfeitures by chi# Act are to be re-

C. 45.

His Mjirfly impow^tJ*

to prohibit the ktliijig of Cow Calve*,

covered, levied, and applied.

XI. And,

774

C. 4$.

Anno decim'o Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

of fit XT. And, to prevent any Doubts which may arise in the Constru&iort of this Act, be it farthef 1°^7 the Authority aforesaid, That the Removal, Driving, or Sale of every Ox, Bull, Cow* itnee? eF n N Calf, Steer, or Heifer, contrary to any such Rule, Order, or Regulation, as aforesaid, shall be deemed a distin&and separate Offence within the Intent and Meaning of this Act $ any Thing heieift contained to the contrary notwithstanding. a a^vf"older1" ^H. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Rules, Orders,

fuifeit i’ol, Regulations, and Variations, to be made by virrue and in pursuance of this Act, are hereby required to be punctually observed and obeyed by all His Majesty's Subjects; and all and every Person and P( 1 foils who shall offend against any such Rule, Order, Regulation, or Variation, and shall be thereof convicted in Great Britain or Ireland, by his, her, or their own Confession, or by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for any County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Town Corporate, whcie such Offence or Offences shall be committed (which Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to hear and 6ne Mct^y to the Ta determine the same, and to examine any Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath, concerning the same) tomv.it, the other to the shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Ten Pounds: One Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other t’o.r. Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed; to be levied by ths

Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Constables, High Conffabies of the Hundred, Rape, or ivmky to be levied by Wapentake, or One or more of them, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal, or under 1} ar'ls* the Hands and Seals of the Justice or Justices of the Peace who shall convict such Offender, by Dif-

r r tva r tress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender, rendering the Overplus (if any bej to the

br'r committed lor^three Owner thereof; and for want of such Distress, such Offender shall be committed by such Justice or Months. Justices to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of such County, Ridings Division, City, Li-

berty, or Town Corporate, there to remainffor the Space of Three Months, to be reckoned from the

A. A C A 1. C A m a 4 A kA 4. n d fi 1 I m I r-% m* P A *% /1 D /k fr v n !'« / I \ - 1 I 14 /. n d O (« I ’T 1 r I I, W

i the nijce. prisonment according to the Laws and Usage'Of the same Dominions respective

Appol may be made to

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Qjmer.fefiious, on any Person or Persons who shall be convicted, before such J u it ice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, giving Security. of any of the Offences again It this Act, to appeal from such Conviction to the Justices of the Peace at

their next General or Quarter sessions to be holden for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Town Corporate, in which such Offences shall be committed; he, she, or they, going immediate Notice to such Justice or Justices of such intended Appeal, and likewise giving Security to the ... Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, to pay all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures to which he.

Juices to determine flie^ or they shall be liable by such Conviction, and the Colts, Charges, and Expences of trying such ha y, an 01 er s Appeal, in case such Conviction shall be affirmed; and the said Justices, in their next General or Quarter-sessions, are hereby authorised and required to hear, try, and finally determine the same. Upon the Merits of the Cause, and Examination of Witnesses on Oath j and to order Coils tobep m Tx't t it shall a near as be ju^. t^1T A* all think it reasonable lb to do.

there*was not^ Time f

XIV. Provided nevertheless, That if it shall appear to ths said Justices, that there was not suffi-give Noiice topjnirs; cient Time, between such Conviction and such Quarter* sessions, to give Notice to all Parties to at-in which (Me, it fluil tend such Appeal; that then, it shall and may b lawful for such Justices to adjourn the Hearing the re-Qu«rterUrntjnstb* ntXt to their next subsequent General or Quarter-sessions, at which they are hereby lequired to hear, lr no^Dtrr min won at trV> anc^ finally determine the same $ and in case there shall be no Determination on the said Appeal

such Adjournment, at such next or subsequent General or Quarter-session \ the Judgement and Conviction of the Juf-

ludgement to bcin Force. tice or Justices shall Hand and he in full Force; and no Writ of Certiorari, or any other Process what-Ko Ccitiei^ri. soever shall be allowed, to remove the Conviction or Order of Sessions, or any other Proceedings

thereupon, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at llrtjhninslery or of His Majesty's Courts oi Great Session in the Principality of Wales, or the Counties Palatine.

Vvierm]0^

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace, if he or they shall be inhumed that any Person or Persons can

give any Evidence relating to any of the Offences aforesaid, to summon such Person or Persons to appear before him or them, and to examine such Person or Persons on Oath, in relation thereunto; and in case such Person or Persons shall refuse or negleiSI to appear pursuant to such Summons, then such ©n RffuTal an?*.’r, Justice or Justices shall issue out iiis or their Warrant or Warrants for apprehending and bring ng such

/ant^C tnd "on ^c, lon 01 Persons before him or them; and in case such Person or Persons shall rclule Ho be e xamined

ct, vined, they upon Oath, to commit such Persons to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for Ynch County, friy be cominiued,&c. Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Town Corporate, there to remain for the Space of One Month,

or until he, she, or they, shall submit to be examined as aforesaid; and in caL of any Appe- to the General or Quarter-sessions, to compel such Person or Persons to enter into a Recognizance, with Condition to appear at the said General or Quarter-sessions, and to give Evidence upon the Trial of such Appeal,

©envisions to V drawn

XVI. And be it further erncled by the Authority aforesaid, That for the more cafy and speedy y :a the ,cli^w r,2 convicting of any Person or Persons, who shall offend against this Act, or any Orders made under the Authority of the same, it shall be sufficient for any Justice or Justices of the Peace, who fha I

convict any Person or Per foils of any or either of the said Offences, to draw such Convictioi

in the following Form of Words, as the Case shall happen, or in any other Form of Words to tha fame Effect (that is to favj

Midd't\ i*

Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

C. 43.

77 5

Middlesex. is convicted, on his, her, their own Confession, (^r on the Oath of )

of having in this Kingdom, (specifying the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the same was committed\)

Given under my [or our) Hand and Seal [or Hands and Seals) this Day of

Which said Conviction, in the same or like Form of Words, shall be good and e.Tedual in the Law In case of Appeal, JnfHce to all Intents and Purposes, and shall not be quashed, set aside, or adjudged void or insufficient for counting tooeiner want of any other Form of Words whatsoever; and in case of Appeal as aforesaid, the Justice or STemon"t0^,r" Justices who shall convict such Offender or Offenders, is and are hereby required to deliver, or cauib ter‘lC lions* to be delivered, the Conviction in the Form aforesaid, to the next General or LJuarter-sessions to which the Appeal is made, there to be filed on Record.

Power and Authority, and they are hereby required to order such reasonable Salaries and Charges as they ihJl think proper, to be paid to any Inspedh r or Inspectors, or other Person or Persons already employed or appointed by the Justices of the Peace, or hereafter to be employed or appointed by the Justices of the Peace, or the Commissioners of the Land Tax, to prevent the Spreading of such Distemper amongst the Cattle, out of the Monies arisen or hereafter to arise by virtue of an Act of Par- Act xz Geo. II. liament passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

4. An Act for the more easy afiefling, collecting, and levying County Rates.*

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Land Tax for the Time being Commissioner* of the in and for e ery County, Ridi tg, or Division, and who have or shall qualify themselves to act as Land 1 ;x (cx^ePr fr>r such respectively, are hereby impowered and required to put in Execution all and every the Powers r *v or C:t!,cs °[ end Authorities given to Commissioners of the Land Tax by this Act, or by any Order or Orders in Hng

Council pursuant to the same (except the Commissioners of the Land Tax within the County of Mid- d !y qoairioi to put thi* ditjex, and all Cities and Towns which are Counties of themselves) in as full and ample Manner as Ad m Execution, the T u Id ices of the Peace may do within the same.

AlX. And, to prevent the Spreading of such infectious Distemper by Persons buying up Cattle in infected Places, and soon after disposing of the same ill Places free from the Infection, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and in Disobedience or contrary to the Orders and Regulations made, or which shall hereafter be made by His Majesty in Council as aforesaid; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June^ One thousand seven No Persons to fell any hundred and seventy, no Person whatsoever by himself, his Servant or Agent, during the Continti- liv,n? °*» &c. till the ance of this Act, and contrary to any Rule, Order, Regulation or Prohibition made or to be made in hath burn fcu Pi«-that Behalf as aforesaid in pursuance and by virtue of this present Act, shall fell or dispolb of any liv- pert* *° dys> ing Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer or Heifer, until the same shall have been the Propety of such Person for the Term of Forty Days at lead; and during the Continuance of such Orders as aforesaid, in ,nj pro^,lc;., CertTi proof of such Property, the Seller shall produce a G rtificate under the Hand of the Person of whom Ti de

such Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Sreer or Heifer was last bought or purchased, signifying the Time when wh.-n hc the

he purchased the same; and every Person who shall sell or dispose of any Ox, Bull, Cow, Cal', k Steer, or Heifer, without producing such Certificate, and shall be thereof convicted by his, her, or their own Confession, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Town Corporate

:d, shall, for every such Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer or Heifer,

where the Offence shall be committed so sold or disposed of during the Continuance

and contrary to Inch Orders and Regulations as

and recovered in such Manner as is herein after directed to be levied and recovered; One Moiety of o.-.c M-.i« 7y 1 penalty the find Forfeiture to be given to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Posr of the Patish where t.» Into-n r, the the Offence shall be committed. the I>oor*

ho shall, from tc 1. Penalty on and during °* kn(,w ^lv Te^e

1 .1 talte Ccruikate,

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, the Continuance of and contrary to such Orders and Regul.i ions as aforesaid, fill or d;fpofo of any Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer or Heifer, and shall give a fa fie or untrue Cer iiicaw of the Mime of t lie Sale of such Cat le, and every Person who shall accept of such fallc or untrue Certifi ate, knowing the same to be such, shall forielLand pa\ the Su n of Fen Pounds; to be a judged, levied, recovered, and disposed of in the Man: er herein alter directed.

XXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, during the Continuance of any Rules, Dro^r to tfvc N* tier Ord rs or Regulations made or to be made in that Behalf as aloivfiid, i' any Drover, f>r Pe Ion or Ij1 t «>nfi.ibirs, Sec. o Persons driving and conducting horned Cattle from one Place to another, shall find any B:a 1 or Bo.ilts ut

in Ins Drilt sick.cn upon the Road, so as to be unable to proceed on their Joumry; such Drover, or Person or Puions ihiving fuc h Horned Cattb*, shall forthwith give No:i e thereof to the Cor.liable,

Head boro ugh or Churchwarden, of the Parish or Place wherein such ikait or Bcaih Anil licken. in

776

C.+5.

Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

n TV/i»Uy of jo 1.

I*or want of Diflrfls, Offender to k: committed.

order that the same maybe (lain and buried in Manner as aforesaid, if deemed to be ill of the Distemper now raging amongst the Horned Cattle, or of any infectious Disease, in the Opinion of the Officer of such Parish or Place so summoned, and of Two other substarrtial Inhabitants of the said Parish or Place, whom the said Officer is hereby impowered, by a Note in Writing under his Hand, to summon to his Assistance; and in case any Drover, or Person or Persons driving Horned Cattle, shall fail herein, or shall conceal, or drive out of the Way, without giving such Notice, any such sick Beast or Beads, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and in Disobedience to any WIi. ... 1 >j Rules or Orders made by virtue thereof as aforesaid, he or they so offending shall forfeit and pay Ten

to be levied by Distrtfi. Pounds to the Use of the Poor of such Parish or Place wherein such Beast or Beasts shall be found ficlc or dead; to be levied on his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City or Town Corporate, wherein such Drover, or Person or Persons driving such Horned Cattle, shall be taken; and in case of Nonpayment* such Drover or Person or Persons shall be committed to the Common Gaol of such County, Shire, Stewartry, Riding, Division, Liberty, City or Town Corporate, thereto remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of Six Calendar Months, or until he or they shall have paid the said Penalty.

No Person to fe’l any XXII. And, for preventing Persons felling any Horned Cattle before they have been in their Jivmc Ok, &c. during po(reflrion porty Days, contrary to such Orders and Regulations as aforesaid, it is hereby enacted, icrt«Vthe*contrarwith That no Person or Persons, during the Continuance of any such Orders and Regulations to the con-out proper Certificate trary as aforesaid, shall fell or di.pose of any live Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer or Heifer, unless he from justice or Commir or they shall, besides his, her. or their Compliance with such Directions as aforesaid, likewise first honer of the Land Ta*, obtain a Cenificate under the Hand and Seal of some Justice of the Peace or Commissioner of the Land Tax, specifying the Colours, and Number of Beasts so intended to be sold, and the Parish, Township, or Place from whence the same are brought or intended to be carried in order for Sale, and the Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode of the Owner or Owners thereof, and that it appears to such Justice or Commissioner, upon Examination on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or With fles, that the Beasts contained in such Certificate have been the Property and in the Possession jidprodming the same, of such Person or Persons for at least Forty Days before the Date of the said Certificate; and every «md gnring aueftcdCopy person felling any Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer or Heifer, determined by virtue of such Certificate, shall pro-rc duce the same, and give a true Copy thereof, attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, to the

Person or Persons buying such Beasts; and every Person felling any Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer or Heifer without obtaining such Certificate, and every Person buying the same without receiving a true Copy thereof attested as aforesaid, during the Continuance of, and contrary to, such Orders as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds for every (Jx, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer and Heifer bought or sold contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, to be levied, adjudged, recovered, applied and disposed of as is herein after directed to be levied, adjudged, recovered, applied and di(nosed of.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace shall suspeil any Person of buying, felling or driving any Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer or Heifer, or of taking off the Hide from any infected Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Sieeror Heifer which shall die of the said Distemper, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and the Rules, Orders, and Regulations made or to be made as aforesaid by His Majesty in Council jna fiunnHm him t*ap- pursuance thereof, or of not burying any Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer or Heifer, contrary to this Act, and Orders made in pursuance of the same; it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Juf-Proof of Compliance to tlccs to Summon such Person to appear before him or them at a reasonable Time to be prefixed in such lie on the Party. Summons; and the Proof of complying with the Directions of this Act, and Orders made or to be On Non appearance, or made as aforesaid, shall (lie on the Party so summoned; and if such Person shall neglect or refuse to for Want of Proor of appear before such Justice o,r Justices (Proof being made upon Oath of his or their being duly sum-Con r^v»to moned) or shall not make it out to the Satisfaction of him or them that he or she has fully conformed

the Pouhita’inAided. himself or herself to this Act, Rules, and Orders as aforesaid; such Person shall be deemed and taken to be duly convicted of the Offence or Offences for which he shall be so summoned, and incur the several Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, to be levied, recovered, and adjudged, in Manner as is herein after mentioned; One Moiety of the said Forfeiture to be paid to the Overseerof the Poor, and applied to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Person dwells; and the other Moiety Ito the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Division, to be made Part of the County Stock, or, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to such Person, and for such Purposes, as the Justices in their General Cuarter-sessions shall direct and appoint.

I oh Penalty on bothBuy er and Sclicr, where Certificate is not pro duied.

Just'ce fufrecting any Person of attending again it Ad *r Orders,

Application of the Pe-

JuJty.

jn their General Cuarter-kiiions shall direct and appoint

XXIV. And, for the more effectual preventing the Spreading of such infectious Distemjierby Persons commonly called ‘Jobbers, who, occupying little or no Grazing Land, buy up Cattle in infefted NoPerfoa, except Butch- Places> an ! soon after dispose of the same, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and

er» for immediate

after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June^ One thousand seven hundred and seventy, no Person Slaughter to purchase liv- whatsoever (Butchers and others excepted buying Fat Cattle for immediate Slaughter) during the Coning Ox, &c. without a tinuance of, and contrary to any such Orders made in that Behalf as aforesaid, shall purchase any Certi cate, living Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer, or Heifer, without having first obtained a Certificate under the

specifying his Name and ^.ar]d an<* Seal of some Justice of the Peace or Commissioner of the Land Tax acting for the County, Abode, Number to be Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where such Person resides, specifying his or her purchased, and whether Name and Place of Abode, and the Number of Beasts he or she intends to purchase, and whether such by himself or Agent 3 ' Beasts are intended to be purchased by him or herself, or by an Agent or Servant; and if by an Agent or Servant, then the Name and Place of Abode of such Agent or Servant; and that it appears to such

l Justice

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 45.

Ill

Justice or Cc.nmissioner, upon Examination on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Wit- by thm

iv*lies, that such Person really occupies Land sufficient to graze and keep ;hc Number of Beasts con- /h?

tained in such Certificate, over and above the Stock such Person is at present possessed of, for the Space to

of Three Months: And that it may appear no more Bends were brought than were contained in fufti pru? ft c'i Nu-, h r,

Certificate, every such Person shall, upon bringing any Cattle into any Parish or Place bought wn pur- alv, vp !,i St.ck,

fuance of such Certificate and Orders made in that Behalf as aforesaid, produce and shew the said Cer- *jr 3 A‘*:U!S* tificate to an Inspector, Churchwarden, or Overseer of the Poor, if any there be, of such Parish or ‘

Place; and shall at the same Time acquaint such Inspector, Churchwarden, or Overseer, with the ?ny pJlf;. ctrtsfica!^ Ph e where, and the Name of the Person of whom such Beads were purchased; and the said Inspector,

Churchwarden, or Overseer, is hereby required to mark on the Back of the said Certificate, the Num- inhecWs. &,vu in*!cn« b r of Beads so brought into any Parish or Place, and the Place where, and the Name of the Person J|lC r-'m *;

of whom such Beads were purchased, and the Day when such Certificate was so produced: And if ltna *

any Person or Persons (Butchers or others buying Fat Cattle for immediate Slaughter excepted as aforesaid) shall, from and af er the said Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, buy any Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer, or Heifer, during the Continuance of, and contrary to such Orders as aforesaid, without previously obtaining such Certificate, or shall buy more than the Number contained in the same, or shall not produce the said Certificate to an Inspector,

Churchwarden, or Overseer of the Poor; every such Person shall, for every Bead bought contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds; the said Penalty tobelevied, adjudged, recovered, applied, and disposed of, as is herein after directed. c:

XXV. ProviceJ always. That no Cattle shall be deemed to be bought by virtue of such Certificate fn a M, Uh o! rJc ot'

as aforesaid, unless the same are purchased within One Month from the Date thereof. Conficate.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as often as any IrCjttie »ic ft frr Cattle shall be dopped for want of a proper Certificate, pursuant and in Obedience to such Orders as «|^rheatc,i\,n-aforesaid, the Constable, or other proper Officer of the Township or Pa&fh where the said Cattle shall to The'1 ftc 'i’it? be so dopped, shall cause such Cattle, with all convenient Expedition, to be driven back to the next btewicU, and g vcN. i.ce Condablewick from whence they lad came; and shall give Notice thereof to the Condable, or other thaeof to th- o*-proper Officer of such next Condablewick, who shall, and he is hereby required to receive the said ficer* '* to ri<rive Cattle, and to cause the fan e to be driven through his Constablewick to the next Condablewick from

whence such Cattle were driven>the Condable or other Parish Officer whereof shall receive the same as i.te ihly

aforesaid, and so from Condablewick to Condablewick until such Cattle shall arrive at the Fird arrive at the First Town-^rownship or Place in the said County, Riding, Division, or Liberty, through whic h they were fuf- through *1 ich fered to pass without a proper Certificate, they shall be treated in such and the like?v4anner as Cattle lhry r<; which have been within One Mile of an infefted Place are by this Act, or by any of His Majesty's Lt'n Vahin VMUe^ot* Orders of Council made or to be made in that Behalf, deemed to be treated. an infi&rd place!

XXVII. And whereas there are no such Officers as Overseers of the Poor and Churchwardens in M-t*er$ d;iefled to be

c that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: Therefore, in Order to carry this Act, in that Part of dj‘nc h

the United Kingdom, into Execution ;* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Matters ^njrch"r*, ,° I, tf,?*'

and Things appointed to be done and executed by the Overseers of the Poor £nd Churchwardens in to ^oneby ifth q] that Part of Great Britain called England, shall, in Scotland, be done and executed by the Constabics, Scions 0uii appo r.t. Inspectors, or other Officers to be appointed by the Justices of the Peace for that Purpose, at their respective Quarter-sessions, or any Adjournment thereof.

XXVIII. And, in order to make Provision, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland,

for any Expence that may attend the Execution of this Service, be it enacted by the Authority alore- Commiflimer* of ti e said, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Land-tax. and they are hereby L.-nd-ux m ?cor!Jnj t* impowered to assess their respective Counties in a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds for each County, -ik-fs thHr Counno jor to be levied and collected in the same Proportions, and according to the same Rules with the Land- Ex?fnC(>s of e-ucutir* tax; and which Sum the respective Col left ors of the Land-tax for each County are hereby required to tij;l collect and issue, by Order of the respective Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them assembled at the Quarter-fdfions, or Adjournment thereof.

XXIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That wheresoever any PerCbn shall, for any Offence to Pecuniary Pcmli-n mary be hereafter con. mitted against this Act, or any Law nowin being relating to the preventing the be recover* by c<.nv<&i-Spreading of the contagious Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom, he liable or subject 011 bt, orc Ju,ucw*

to pay any pecuniary Penalty or Sum of Money, upon Conviction before any Justice or Justices of the Peace; it shall and may be lawful for any other Person whatsoever, either to proceed to recover

the said Penalty by Information and Conviction before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in such

Manner as is directed by this Act, or to sue for the same by Action of Debt or on the Case, Bill, of

Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record; wherein no Essoin, Protection, J^have

or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and wherein the Plaintiff', if he "T

[Double Costs.]

recovers, shall likewise have his

XXX. Provided, Thr all Suits and Actions to be brought by virtue of this Act, shall be brought Liir.itauon ci A<?\:i. before the End of the next Term after the Offence committed; 2nd that no Offender against any of the

J^aws now in being, for the preventing the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the Horned Cattle, shall be prosecuted Twice for the same Offence.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Commissioners of the All C<mn IflW.e»s eft.-.s

Tand-tax, and Reftt rs or Vicars who are rated to the Land-tax for One hundred Pounds fer Annum, :a’- RuuJ- ri

/half, in their respective ParRhcs, and they are hereby impowered to grant Certificates of Health for 1

Cattle, in as full and ample Manner as any Justice or Justices of the Peace are impow'*'4 x r- cc ]>KT

5 G

impowered in ar’iunA.oto pim Cu-any i.ficatv*.

778

C. 45.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1770.

rf.n f-antinf Ceit.fi

c-te. to so North by any Manner whatsoever to do 3 for which said Certificates no Fee or Reward whatsoever shall be taken.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of Jtfne, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, all Persons whatsoever taking upon toe of *hat Office he them to grant Certificates in pursuance of this Act, or His Majesty's Orders relating thereto, shall set forth, in every such Certificate, determined by virtue of what Office he grants such Certificate, whether as jo 1.Pen. tyon. g. ju^;ce of the Peace for any County, City, or Borough, Commissioner of the Land-tax, or otherwise j and in case any Per foil shall ne0lt ft so to do, such Person shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain for every such Neglect 3 to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, with full Costs of Suit; wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Protection, or Wagec of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, fhur'er-session* to ip-

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace-pu»m opcv within their respective Divisions, at their Petty Sessions, or the major Part of them then and there af-

sembled, within that Part of Great Britain called England, shall have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, and any Order or Orders made or to be made in that Behalf as aforesaid, to appoint any Person or Persons to oe Inspector or Inspectors of any Houses, Buildings, Grounds, Fields, and Cattle, within their said Divisions, to be assistant to the Constables, Churchwardens, and Overseers* Council22 Foor; in such Manner as the Justices of the Peace, at their General Quarter-sessions, were*

9# by His late Majesty's Order in Council, dated the Twenty-fecor.d of March, One thousand seven hundred and forty-leven, impowered to do.

Certificate nc<<Hef«

XXXIV. Provided, That no Seller or Buyer of any such Cattle as aforesaid shall be obliged, in *here Buyer and Seiw consequence of such Order or Orders as aforesaid, to take out either of the said Certificates, where *ve 7,lh'" 5 M,!c* both th~ Seller and Buyer live in the same Parish, or in the next adjacent Parish or Place, or within "he^elier bee« in Five Miles Distance of each other j provided that the Seller of such Cattle has been in the Possession of PossesstoH 40 n*v*, and the Cattle so to be sold Forty Days at the least before such Sale; and so as the Buyer keeps the said. the Bu>er them 3 Cattle Three Months at the least from the Time he purchases the same; and so as the infectious Dif-- ' Months, and Distemper tcmpCr amongst the Horned Cattle be not within the Space of Ten Miles of the Seller’s Abode, and that the Seller and Buyer live in the same County 3 any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV. And whereas the Magistrates of some Corporations situated within Counties at large,

L may in some Places presume to hold Fairs and Markets for the Sale of Horned Cattle, when the Justices of the Peace for the County at large may have prohibited Fairs and Marke:s%tobe holden in

in Manner dlrWVed Order in JHar. 1749

be nut within 10 Miles of Seller’s Abode, &cc.

the said County, pursuant to and during the Continuance of Orders made in that Behalf as aforesaid, t,-L- r r\- j c which in a great Measure will frustrate the said Prohibition, and occasion many Disputes 3’ be it Markets madeb>justices therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day. t Counties at large, ex- of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, where the Justices of the Peace for any County at

such Counties.

ICO !. Penalty 00 Magistrate offending.

at

lendH to Corporations large have already prohibited, or shall hereafter think proper to prohibit Fairs and Markets to be toholden for the Safe of Horned Cattle within such County, such Prohibition made as aforesaid shall be deemed and taken to extend to all Corporations within such County, cr surrounded by or lying contiguous to such County 3 aay Charter, Privilege, or Exemption to the contrary notwithstanding And in case any such Magistrate shall wilfully and knowingly proclaim or give Notice, or cause to be proclaimed or Notice to be given of any Fair or Market for Horned Beasts, or shall wilfully and knowingly permit any Horned Beasts to be brought into, or sold at any Fair or Market within his TurifJic-tion, during such Prohibition as aforesaid, such Magistrate shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to any Person who shall sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster^ wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Protection, Wager of! Law, or more than One Imparlance mail be allowed.

Magistrates, &c. n^t to

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One ccuify for any Beasts or thousand seven hundred and seventy, no Justice of the Peace or other Magistrate of any Corporation*. Hides, but such as have or Commissioner of the Land-tax for such Corporation, or Rector or Vicar within any Corporation, JithinTneiriu^Idifti^ during the Continuance of such Orders as aforesaid, shall certify for any Horned Beast but such as -cn Penalty of joi. ' have been kept within his Jurisdiction for the Time required by Law, nor for the Hide of any Beast but such as have been slaughtered within his Jurisdiction; any former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding: And in case any such Magistrate shall take upon him to grant Certificates otherwise than as aforesaid, such. Magistrate shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds of lawful Money, of Great Britain, for every Certificate so granted, to any Person or Persons that shall sue for the same;

to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of

- Record, at Westminster, with full Costs of Suit; wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Protection, Wager of

Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

4, justices at General XXX

VII. And be it further enacted by this Act, That it shall and may be lawful for any Four or garter-sessions, &c. on^more of the Justices of the Peace of any County within this Realm, at their General Quarter-sessions, informationthatDiftem- or any Adjournment thereof* upon Information given to them that such Distemper is in any neigh-tog Count^ n °Ur" houring County, to prohibit for a certain Time, or until the Distemper shall cease in such County, may prohibit Cattle, *«. any Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer or Heifer from being driven or removed, or any Hides, Skins or Ifeing brought from Fifth carried from such County, or from any Hundred, Lathe, Wapentake, Rape, Ward or other tk*c«uuothcir.Coiuitjr. Division of such County so infefted, into the County so making such Order; and in case any Person shall act contrary to such Order, such Person shall incur the Penalties and Forfeitures herein before; enacted against Pcifoni driving Cattle without Certificates.

XXXVIII. And,

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 4$, 46, 47. 779

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ifany Action or Suit shall Penalty on tiirobeyin* be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the De- 1 ,e,r Prw, ib t on« fendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give, this Act and the CeneialIi'ue.

Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in purfu-

ance and by Authority of this Act, or of some Rule, Order, or Regulation, made or to be made in pursuance of this Act: And if it shall appear so to have been done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonfuired, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared j or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, Trebl* Cosh. and have the like Remedy for the same, as the Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and Act to continue till 29 be in Force until the Twenty-ninth Day of September, (Jne thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, SfP1, *771* *c*

and from thence to the End of the then next oession of Parliament.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for establishing a Lottery, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, EXP,

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for better regulating Persons employed in the Service of the East India Company*

and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Prearnb'*, re<HUg Act

George the Fii 11, intituled, an Act for the further preventing His Majests Subjects from trad- 7 Gc0*

ing to the Fail Indies und r Foreign Gommijftons, and for encouraging and further securing the lawful Trade thereto; and for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and thelJleof'Y hanet $ it was amon^ offier Things enacted, That it should and might be lawful to and for His Majesty's Attor*

ney General for the Ti;nc being, at the Relation of the said Company, or by his own Authority,

to exhibit a Bill or Bills of Complaint in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, against any Person or Persons trading, dealing, trafficking, or adventuring, at any Time from and after the said Twenty- fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, in, to, or from tho East Indies,

or Places therein before mentioned, contrary to Law; or against any Person or Persons concerned as Agent, Factor, or Copartner with such illegal Traders; for discovering of such their trading,

dealing, trafficking, and adventuring, and for Recovery of such Duties and Damages as are therein and herein after mentioned *, waving or difebiming, in every such Bill, all the Penalties and For feitures, incurred by such Person or Persons for the Matters in such Bill or Bills contained; and that such Person or Persons should answer the said Bill or Bills, and not plead or demur to the Disco*

very thereby sough:; and pay to His Majesty the Customs and Duties of the Goods and Merchan- dizes arising, produced, or purchased by the said unlawful Trade, Traffick, or Adventuring; and should answer and pay to the said Company for the same Thirty Pounds per Centum according to the Value thereof in Englmd: And whereas the said Sum of Thirty Pounds per Centum so enacted to be paid to the said United Company, as and for Damages on account of such illicit Trade as aforesaid,

hath been found inadequate and inefficient for preventing the said illicit Trade, and for making good to the said Company the Damage they have sustained thereby: Now, for the more efireftually preventing such illicit Trade, and for making a better Compensation or Recommence to the said United Company, by way of Damages, for any Loss or Prejudice they may sustain by the illicit Practices aforesaid,* De it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, all and every p,rfMiMnWTlf4 fa Person or Persons, Adventurer or Adventurers, prosecuting or concerned in such illicit Trade, Trai- ijc;t Tndc to p*y m sick, and Dealings as aforesaid, shall, over and besides the Duties and Customs by Law payable to E-ift indi* Comply His Majesty, forfeit and pay to the said United Company the Sunvof One hundred Pounds per Centum, 100 patent. «d v». according to the Value, in England, of the Goods, Merchandizes, and Effects, so illicitly traded, ®^Jd*

trafficked* or dealt in, instead and in lieu of the said Sum of Thirty Pounds per Centum, mentioned in Pmlky* ke the said Act; which said Sum of One hundred Pounds per Centum, shall and is hereby directed to be recover'd m t»y Art 7 sued for and recovered in such and the like Manner, as in and by the said recited Act, made in the Geo. I.

Seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the First, is prescribed and cn-acted with respect tb the said Sum of Thirty Pounds per Centum \ any Thing therein to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And whereas sundry Captains and other Officers and Mariners of Ships, in the Service of the said United Company, bound to India, do oftentimes in a clandestine Manner carry and trans- port to thq Eq/i Indies aforesaid great Quantities of Artillery, Ordnance, Mufquers, Fire Arms>

Ammunition, and Warlike Stores, and there sell and dispose thereof to the Natives, and also to Powers in those Parts at War or in Enmity with the said United Company, or to other Persons through whose Hands the same do or may come to the Use of such Powers; to the great Injury of the Publick, as well as of the said United Company and their Possessions and Trade in India: Therefore,

7?o C. 47. Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

to the End that such evil Pra61iccs may for the future be remedied and prevented,* be it further Pfrfbn*in the Service of enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 'Ehat all and every Officer and Officers, Mariners, or other Person l.jfV imha Com par. y or persons, in the Service of the said Unied Company, who shall, from and after the parting or t'roici°! "rK,'n) ^ke this Act, carry, trail (port, or (end, or cause to be carried, transported, orient to the East Indus aforesaid, or shall p it or cause to be put cn board any Ship in the Service of the said United Company trading so the East Indies, any Artillery, Ordnance, Mufnuets, Kite Arms, Ammunition, or War-t^tCVthe Stores of any Kind whatsoe\er, or shall knowingly aid or assist therein, without the Licence or in ihe Ea.t indie*, Authority of the said Unit'd Company, with Intention or for the Purpose of transporting, felling, wi ir«n Limits of traffic king, bartering, exchanging, cr otherwise uttering or disposing of the same in the East Indies^ ii;c Tiidr, or within the Limits of the said United Company’s Trade; shall, in every such Case, be deemed

rv«vt.e proictured in the an,j ac]jU(]ged to be guilty of a high Crime and Misdemeanour, and as such shall and may be proft-

t;n

Kini

a,d 10 CnrpoVi ^uted for the same in His Maje fly’s Court of Kings Bench at JVefhrdnjler; and such Person or Personi

Pjflifljwn: cr F.nc.

Aft 7 Cff. III. c. 49.

so offending being convicted, shall be liable to Inch Corporal Punishment or Fine as the said Court shall think fit.

III. And whereas, by One other Act of Parliament passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating certain Proceedings of the General Courts of the United Company of Merchants ^England trading to the End Indies, it was enacted, That no Divi- dend should be mad.! by the said Company, for or in respect of any Time subsequent to the Twen- ty-fourth Day of funey One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, otherwise than in pursuance of a Vroteor Resolution, parted by way of Bal!oting, in a General Court of the said Company, which shall have been summoned for the Purpose of declaring a Dividend, and of the Meeting of which General Court for such Purpose, Seven Days Notice at the Icaffc shall have been ^iven in Writing, fixed upon the Royal Exchange in London; and it was thereby further enacted, That no Balloting upon any Question proposed in any General Court of the said Company, relative to any Matter whatsoever, should be begun within a less Space of Time than Eight Hours after the Adjournment or Breaking-up of the General Court in which it shall have becu determined that such Question should be decided by Balloting; And whereas the Balloting for every Dividend of the said Company, as prescribed by the last recited Act, would be attended with much Inconvenience and Delay, in Cases where no Alteration in the Rate of the said Company’s Dividend is made or intended to be made: And whereas the Time or Space of Eight Hours thereby also prescribed for taking such Balloting in Question, and not relative to the Declaration of a Dividend, is not sufficient to give the Proprietors at large of the said Company’s Stock a full and fair Opportunity to exercise their Right

»l *Cou n k nottaki"S ^uck f*art *n every ff»ch Determination as they are in till ;d to by Law: 'I herefore, for pic Jram ti*e Rate venting the aforesaid Inconveniencies for the future,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That

Whfn a D'viJ'mt fti.U c

Wf voied;

a Orncral

differing liw.

/ Company’* Dividmd from and after the passing of this Act, «h^n any Half* Yearly or other Dividend of the said Company for preceding Half Year, shall he voted and declared by a General Court of Proprietors, not varying cr differing from ihc R -.te a Declaration from the of the Company’s Dividend for the lad preceding Half Year, that then and in every such Case, *>b€ Notice ’^ lt not necessary for the said General Court of the said Company to proceed to a Ballot

#or declaring a Dividend. rTpctSling^ such Dividends; but that a Declaration from the Chairman for the Time being of the said Company of the voting and agreeing of the General Court of Proprietors to such Dividend, shall Nof^Hotinpto be begunbe a sufficient Notice and Authority for declaring and making such Dividend; and that Ilorrl\tier joui^ment from anc* a^er Pa^ing of this Act, no Balloting upon any Question proposed in any General Court ©I General Court of the said Company, relative to any Matter whatsoever, shall be begun within a less Space of Time than Twenty-four Hours after the Adjournment or Breaking-up of the General Court in which it shall have been determined that such Question should be decided by Balloting; any Thing in the said last recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Company's Se xnnt? in

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever 0"nrc^nrl<!? pui lyo( employed by crin the Service of the said United Company, in any Civil or Military Station, Office, Cr.^e.ler 01 Ulh r or Capacity whatsoever, in the Erfl Indies, or deriving or claiming any Power, Authority, or Juiif-

didiion, by or frrm the said United Company, shall, after the passing of this Act, be guilty of oppref-*>» be f :fd in tie an/ of His Majesty's Subjects beyond the Seas within their respecti\c Jurisdictions; or, in the

C^Jrr of KinVji'nch Exercise< f any such Station, Office, Employment, Power, or Authority derived or claimed by, from and punriVd it or 'or under the Lid United Company, or shall be guilty of any other Crime or Offence; such Oppref-tVnce con:ir.it:t«i in fions, Crimes, and Offences, shall and may be enouircd of, heard, and determined, in His Majesty*

nP!a, d' i, Court of King's Bench in England; and such Punishments shall be infii&ed on such Offenders, as are

commie v inflicted for Offences of the like Nature commirted in that Part of Great Britain called England;

‘ ' c"itf'and that the same, and all other Offences committed rg- inst this Act, may bealledgcdto be committed, and may be laid, enquired of, and tried in the County of MidJkfex.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Actions, or Suits, brought rgainst the said United Company, their Agents, or Servants, or any Person deriving Authority under the said Company, for any Thing by him or them clone in such Capacity, from and after the passing of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants, in any such Action or Suit, may plead the General lifue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Pi blick Ad; of which Notice shall he judicially taken, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Irx.

I.WrJatrs may plead il.e

[General Issue.]

iv,:uk Aa.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereffiy enacted and declared, That the Defendant or Defendants,

rcfcwl nr to deliver to

I u lJdince*or or t^ie‘r Attorney, shall deliver to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in every such Action, or his or their

c. 1 Attorney, a No-ice in Writing, (lined by the Defendant or Defendants, or his or their Attorney, of the Snbiunce of the Defence or Defences which he or they intend to rely upon. Six Days before the

Trial

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 47, 48, 49. 7

Trial of such Action, in case the same is to be tried in London or Middlesex; and Eight Days before and A*!) pve Evi. the Trial thereof, in case the same is to be tried in any other County; and the Defendant or Defen- dcntcof JTly Matter* n»t dants fir 11 not, by virtue of this A«Sf, he permitted, at the Trial of any such Action, to give EvidenceConU nv 1 lcrein* of any Matters not contained in such Notice.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for making the Receiving of stolen Jewel?, and Gold and Silver Plate, in the Case of Burglary and Highway Robbery, more penal.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Facility with which stolen Jewels, jmd Gold and Silver Plate, are disposed

of, is One principal Cause of the frequent Commission of Burglaries and High way Robbe-% ries; and the present Laws against the receiving of stolen Goods, are found inefficient to deter Persons from that Practice: May it therefore pTeafe Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and’’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the.

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person, who from and after the First Day of June, One thousand After y. T,.o seven hundred and seventy, shall buy or receive any stolen Jewel or Jewels, or any stolen Gold or peri0nsIrceivM Jewels., Silver Plate, Watch or Watches, knowing the same to have been stolen, shall, in all Cases where ci«>!d ,r s.lver rij-e, »r such jewel or jewels, or Gold or Silver Plate, shall have been feloniously stolen, accompanied with knowing fl.cm

a burglary actually committed in the ftcaling the same, or shall have been feloniously taken by a !ftte a1 a*tcrc on-Robbery on the Highway, shall be triable as well before Conviction of the principal Felon in such viciiono^pVincipl Vessel or.y and Burglary or Robbery, whether he {halt be in or out of Custody, as after his Conv iclion l Ions; and on Conv ft ion And if any Person, so buying or receiving such Jewel or Jewels, or Gold or Silver Plate, shall be to be na borted for 14 convicted thereof, he shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and be tfanfpoited to some of His Ma- YcafS* jesty’s Plantations in America for the Space of Fourteen Years, according to the Laws in Force for Transportation of Felons.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for continu’ng and amending several Acts for preventing Abuses in making-

Bricks and Tiles,

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned have been found to

4 W fund, are near cxpii ing: M :.y it pi case Your Majesty, that it n it enacted by King’s raoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice a

1 be very useful and bene- prcarr.blc.

may be enacted; and’ be: and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempoud, air! Common;, in this present i Parliament assembled, and by the Authority f the I.nnc, '1 het an Act 1: a/c in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Ge^v Act n. Geo. L c. 35. the First, intituled, An Act to prevent Abuses in the making of Bricks and Tiles*, and to ascertain the Dimeni.ons the:(of, and to p event a t unlawful Combinations amengft any Brickmakers or Tilcu.akers within Hrccti Miles of the City of London, in order to advance or enhar.ee the Price of Biicks or Tics ft and an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of His Majesty Ri^g^ceo. II. c. 15. George the Second, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the Twelfth Year of 4 HL late Majesty's Reign, intituled/ sin Ad to prevent Aiujes in the making of Bricks and Tiles, and of certain the D inrjion i thereof and to prevent all unlawful Com Gnat ions "annngjl a

cr 7iUmakers, within Fifteen A'LLs of the City of London, in order to advance or Bricks r Tiles; and an Act made in the bird \ ear of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled,

any Bricklayers uhar.ce the Price of

Aim Geo. IT, and also so much and so n.ucUcf Act 4

persons who have omitted to make and file Affidavit D uties omitted robe paid upon Cent cates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery T

ar.J for allowing fmther Time for paving

Duties omitted to be paid upon Commas with Clerks and Apprentices^ for making forth Dunli-

ivkvts, Cu‘t;fcatcc, Receipts,' Annuity Orders, and other Or-

ders, loft, burnt, orckstroyed; and for repaying to Jjgh Glover d John Gill the Duty by them paid on a Cargo of Wheat, and for allowing the same to -

to be landed for Home Consumption; and

f.gned 1 be such turned

every. Thousand of Biicks so made i. to be levied, recovered, and applied, in such M,r.ner Mother

Penalties,

7$2

Once beforejC »s n<aJe into Bricks.

S'eves nor to exceed a ^<uirt<*r of an Inch bc-iwccn the Ma&tj.

Trertt to be urod only in burning Bricks in Clamps.

Bricks $ Inches and an Half l^ng, broad, and 2 and an Half thick,

This Act not to extend *o Bricks made more than 1 5 M;lcs from London.

C. 49. Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

Pentltics and Forfeitures are directed to be recovered, levied, and applied by the said former Acts, or this present Act.

Persons in London, Ac,

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this T»me^nC, C eir hat Jny anc* maV lawful for any Person or Persons within the said City of London, and Li-

r;he fame be tinned niits aforesaid, to dig or cause to be dug, at any Time in the Year, Brick-earth for the making of Bricks, provided such Earth is turned Once before the same is made into Bricks; any Thing in the said recited Act of the Twelfth Year of His late Majesty King George the First, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Size of the Sieves or Screens for sifting or fereening Sea Coal Ashes to be mixed with Brick-earth, in the making of Bricks, shall not exceed one Quarter of an Inch between the Mashes of such Sieve or Screen \ any Thing^ in the said recited Acts, tr any of them, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whomsoever, to use Cinders (commonly called Breeze) only in the burning of Bricks in Clamps; any Thing in the said Act of the Third Year of his late Majesty to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And whereas the Dimensions of Bricks prescribed in and by "the said recited Acts, have keen found inconvenient within the City of London, and Liberties and Suburbs thereof;’ be

exemptU Vim ^entity. further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, to make and burn Bricks within the said City and Limits, which, when burnt, shall not be less than Eight Inches and an half long, nor l« fs than Four Inches broad, nor less than Two Inches and an Half thick: and that no Penalty shall be incurred for or in respect of Bricks of the said Dimensions; any Thing in the said recited Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed tb extend, to alter the Dimensions of Bricks prescribed in the said Act of the Twelfth Year of George the First, which shall be made within any Part of England beyond the said Distance of Fifteen Miles of the said City of London.

VIII. And whereas the Method of recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed in and by the said Acts has been found inconvenient ;* be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, aH Penalties and Forfeitures by the said Acts inflicted or authorised to be imposed, shall and may, upon Proof of the Offences respectively, and Conviction before any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, or Place, wherein the Offence shall be committed; which Juf-

-., tice is hereby authorised and impowered to hear and determine the same, either by the Confession °( the Partk or Parties> or by the °a h One Witness, be levied determined by Distress and Sale of the

y f Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand

and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant or Warrants such Justice is hereby authorised and required to grant for those Purposes, and to administer such Oath gratis) and the Overplus, after such Penalties and Forfeitures, and the Charges of such Dillr^fs and Sale are recovered and deducted, and applied One Moiety shall be returned on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and all such to !hc°Poor# thC °thCr ^cna's and Forfeitures shall, from Time to Time, be paid. One Moiety thereof to the Informer,

1 c °or* and the other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish wherein the Offender or Offenders shall

For want of Distress, OL live; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it H all he lawful for such justice, and he is hereby authorised and required by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Goal or House of Correction for the County, Riding, Division, or Place where the Matter shall arise, there to remain without Bail or Main prize for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

IX. And, for the more easy and foeedy Conviction of Offenders against this or any of the said Acts, be it further enacted, That all and every the Justice or Justices of the Peace, Before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this or any of the said Acts, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of words, or in any Form of Words to the same Effect, as the Case shall happen, videlicet.

BE it remembered, That on the Day of in

4 -t> the Year of our Lord AB is convicted before me CD, One of His Majesty’#

Justices of the Peace for the County or Place of (Specifying the Offence^ unJ

Time and Place when and where the fume was committed, as the Case fall be)

Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year aforesaid.*

fender may be com mined.

Conviction to be drawn P in the following Fofxn.

Penaltiee In re'pest of

Pimension* of Bricks

X. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Penalty inflicted by the said former Acts or this Act, in respect of the Dimensions of Bricks, shall be recovered, unlela hflthe Information shall be laid within the Space of One Month next after the Sale or Delivery of witbm a M^ath after such Bricks in respect of which such Penalty shall be incurred, nor shall any Person be liable to more luic, *c. than One Penalty for any One Offence.

XI. *royidei

A.D. 1770. Anno tiecimo Georgii in C. 49, 50. 783

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or P«son> n ay

Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, tc!the such Person or Persons may, within the Space of Four Calendar Months after the Cause of Complaint e 10111

shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter-sessions of the Peace'

for the County, Riding, Division or Place, wherein the Cause of Complaint shall arise; such Ap- .

pellantfirft giving, orcaufing to be given. Twenty-one entire Days Notice at the lead in Writing of ®l,ce’

nis or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter thereof, to the Person or Persons whose Acts are complained against, and within Eight Days after such Notice, entering into entering intoJUc«£-

a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the respective County, Riding, Division or mzance*

Place, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide the Order of, and

pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter-fefuons: And the said Justices at jnftkps to determine

their said Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into ti.niiy,

such Recognizance, shall proceed in and hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such

Appeals in a summary Way, afnd award such Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against, as they andawar(icofW.

the said Justices {half think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter-sessions shall be binding

and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes; and no Order made concerning any of the Matters a- No Cclt.;owj

foresaid, or any other Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction or Convictions of any Offender

against this or any of the said Acts, shall be quashed for want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari

or any other Writ or Process whatsoever into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

CAP L.

An Act for the further preventing Delays of Justice by reason of Privilege of Parliament

WHEREAS the several Laws heretofore made for restraining the Privilege of Parliament, Preamble;.

with respect to Actions or Suits commenced and prosecuted at any Time from and imme- diatcly after the Dissolution or Prorogation of any Parliament, until a new Parliament should meet,

or the same be reassembled; and from and immediately after an Adjournment of both Houses of Parliament for above the Space of Fourteen Days, until both Houses should meet or assemble; are*

inefficient to obviate the Inconveniencies arising from the Delay of Suits by reason of Privilege of Parliament; whereby the Parties often lose the Benefit of several Terms: For the preventing all Delays the King or His Subjects may receive in prosecuting their several Rights, Titles, Debts,

Dues, Demands, or Suits, for which they have Caule be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent After 14 Jane, 177*. Majesty*, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons Sujtj beptofecutt* in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the ^purts of Record, Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and seventy, any Person or Persons shall ^Couruhavfn^cog-and may, at any Time, commence and prosecute any Action or Suit in any Court of Record, or nitance of c«uf« Ma-Court of Equity, or of Admiralty, and in all causes Matrimonial and Testamentary, in any t»i«n«niai ndTeffiman*. Court having Cognizance of causes Matrimonial and Testament-ry, against any Peer or r«ry, against Peer*, and-Lord of Parliament of Great Britain, or against any of the Knights, Citizens, and Burdettes* /and ttoil

and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs of the House of Commons of Great Britain for the Stry^au, eU.

Time being, or against their or any of their menial or any other Servants, or any other Person intitled to the Privilege of Parliament of Great Britain; and no such Action, Suit, or any other Process or Proceeding thereupon, shall at any Time be impeached, stayed, or delayed, by or under Colour or Pretence of any Privilege of Parliament. Bl,t the Personiof

II. Provided nevertheless, and De it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in ^cher*01 the H<* this Act shall extend to subject the Person of any of the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, or the alrcrtc^r^r°oned. Commissioners of Shires and Burghs of the House of Commons, of Great Britain for the rime being, to be arrested or imprisoned upon any such Suit or Proceedings. Curtoutof which

III. And whereas the Process by Dislringes is dilatory and expensive: For Remedy thereof,* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Court out of which the Writ proceeds, may order the and lMoncy" ifing Issues levied from Time to Time to be sold, and the Money arising thereby to be applied to pay such thereby to be applied t* Costs to the Plaintiff, as the said Court shall think just, under all the Circumstances, to order; and p*yCofl» to Plaintiff, the Surplus to be retained until the Defendant shall have appeared, or other Purpose of the Writ be SwrPlus 10 beretained tilt answered. # App^e^of Defend.

IV. Provided always, When the Purpose of the Writ is answered, that then the said Issues shall Vhcn Purpose it at* be returned; or, if loid, what shall remain of the Money arising by such Sale, shall be repaid to the fwered, ic.ues to be Party distrained upon. retun ed j

V. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Obedience may be °*Vf Money ie* enforced to any Rule of His Majesty's Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer, a- obei'ence to Rule of the gainst any Person intitled to Privilege of Parliament, by Distress infinite, in case any Person or Per- Court of King’* Bcr.ck, tons intitled to the Benefit of such Rule shall chuse to proceed in that Way. Common Picas, or r*

VL 4 And whereas an Act was made in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of King fhc^u5r,?uy bc.enfoK* 4 William the Third, intituled, 4n Attfor preventing any Inconveniencies that may happen by Privilege b'^ iJindV^WiiJ 4 of Parliament,* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty- cxtcaJcd to Scat-fourth Day of Junfy the said Asti* and also this Act> shall extend to that part of Great Britain callcdbnd,

Scotland.

CAP.

784

C. 5r*

Anno dccinio Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

CAP. LL

An Act to encourage the Improvement of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, held under Settlements of drift Entail.

Pr*mt>l«, wci^Tnji an Act of the Scottifl* Par-Raneat, 1685,

Fr^prif fort of entailed '

Ell-u. s n »y f rant Tacks

for 14 Years, and one

ea'il.nv' l»fe;

c*r Icr 2 Lives, and Life

mi S*n v.von or for 31

Tears.

Spec ifi?.vion of Terms In \rhich Lands f# leased ire to be inclosed.

Leafr for a Lives, or more than 19 Years, to oblige Tenant to keep Fences tn Repair, and to leave them so al Expiration.

Not more than 40 Acres to be comprehended in One Field, extept where I a nils are impc >per for Culture by the Plough. Holloing cases may be granted for 99 Years.

But not for rrme than 5 Acre t-xtne P*«son rond.ti ni'lv, that One I>.veiling-hruifc* he huilt, dbc. lor every Half Acre.

M nor-place not to be leased.

liar Village Wit within 300 Yards t.iereof.

Cejfe not to be granted for le'S R r th in was payable for tire Hit

WHEREAS by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland^ made in the Year One thousanc! fix

hundred and eighty-five, intituled, del concerning Tallies, all His Majesty's Subjects are im- powered to tallie their Lands and Estates in Scotland with such Provisions and Conditions as they shal think fit, and with such irritant and resolute Clauses as to them shall seem proper; and which Tallies, when completed and published in the Manner ditcdled by the said Act, are declared to be real and effectual a gain ft Purchasers, Creditors, and others whatsoever: And whereas many Tallies of Lands and Estates in Scotlandmade as well before as after passing the said Act, docon- tain Clauses limiting the Heirs of Entail from granting Tickets or Leases of a longer Endurance than their own Lives, fur a small Number of Years only, whereby the Cultivation of Land in that Part of this Kingdom is greatly obstructed, and much Mischief arises to the Publick; and which must daily increase, so long as the Law allowing such Entail subsists, if some Remedy be not provided: Wherefore, to prevent a Mischief and Inconveniency so hurtful to the Publick/ be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be law u! to every Proprietor of an entailed Estate within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to grant Tacks or Leases of all or any Part or Parts thereof, for any Number of Years not exceeding Fourteen Years from the Term of V/bitjunday next after the Date thereof, and for the Life of One Per ton to be named in such Tacks or Leases, and in being at the Time of making thereof; or for the Lives of Two Persons to be named therein, and in being at the Time of making the same, and the Life of the Survivor of them; or for any Number of Years, not exceeding Thirty-one Years from the Term aforesaid.

II. Provided always, That every such Lease for Two Lives shall contain a Clause obliging the Tenant or Tenants to fence and inclose, in a sufficient and lading Manner, all the Lands to leased within the SDace of Thirty Years, and Two Third Parts thereof within the Space of Twenty Years, and One Third Part thereof whhin the Space Ten Years, if the said Lease shall continue for such respective Terms; and that every such Lease for any Term of Ye rs exceeding Nineteen Years, shall contain a Clause, obliging the Tenant or Tenants to fence and inclose in like Manner all the Lands so leased during the Continuance of such Term, and Two Third Parts thereof before, the Expiration of Two Third Parts of such Term, and One Third Part thereof before the Expiration of One Third Part of such Term.

III. And provided also, That every such Lease for Two Lives, or for any Term of Years exceeding Nineteen Years, shall contain a Clause obliging the Tenant or Tenants to keep and preserve the Fences, when made, in good and sufficient Repair during the Lease, and to leave them so at the Expiration thereof; and that no Inclosures which shall be made, shall comprehend more than Forty Acres in One Field; excepting where the Lands consist of Hills or other Grounds incapable or improper by their Nature for Culture by the Plough; in which Case, the Inclosures may be made of such Extent as the Nature of the Ground shall require

IV. And whereas the building of Villages and Houses upon entailed Estates may, in many cases,

be beneficial to the Publick, and might often* be undertaken and executed, if Heirs of Entail were impowered to encourage the same, by granting long Leases of Lands for the Pu'pose of Buildin;/ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be, and it is hereby declared to be, in the Power of every Proprietor of an entailed Estate, to grant Leases of Land for the Purpose of Building, for any Number of Years not exceeding Ninety-nine Years.

V. Provided always, That not more than Five Acres shall be granted to any One Person, either in his own Name, or to any other Person or Persons in Trust for him; and that every such Lease shall contain a Condition that the Lease shall be void, and the same is hereby declared void, if One Dwelling-house at lenft, not under the Value of Ten Pounds Sterling, (h ill not be built within the Space of 1 en \ ears from the Date of the Lease, for each One Half Acre of Ground comprehended in the Lease; and that the said Houses shall be kept in good, tenantnble, and sufficient Repair; and that the Lease shall be void whenever there shall be a less dumber of Dwelling-houtes than One, of the Value aforesaid, to each One Half Acre of Ground, kept in such Repair as aforesaid, (landing upon the Gr und so leased.

VI. Provided also, That the Power of Leafing hereby given shall not in any C Tc extend to, or be understood to comprehend, a Power of Leafing, or Setting in Tack, the M inor-place, Office-hou fes, Gardens, Orchards, or Inclosures adjacent to the Manor place, which have usually been in the natural Possession of the Proprietor, or have not been usually let for a longer Term than Seven Years, when the Heir in Possession was of lawful Age; and that no Lease of Lands shall be granted, under the Authority of this Act, for the Purpose of building Villages or Houses within Three hundred Yards of the Manor-place in the natural Possession of the Proprietor.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Leases made or to be granted under the Authority of this A cl, shall be made or granted lor a Rent not under the Rent payable by the l ift Lease 01 Sett, and without Grallum Fine or boregitt, or any Benefit whatsoever, directly or indircctly,

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 51. 785

reflly, reserved or accruing to the Granter, except the Rent payable by the Lease; and that no Lease; nor till Derer-such Lease shall be granted till after the End or other Determination of any former Lease of the same muutl0a lheTC0*> &c0 Premises; or that such Lease, if granted for a Time certain, shall be within One Year of being de*-termined; and that all Leases otherwise granted shall be void and null.

VIII. And be it provided and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Taillie shall, ei* p*/ohta,n,ns amp!e ther expressly or by Implication, contain Powers of Leafing uu>re ample than are hereby given; the H°irejJPoffeflion may Heirs of Entail in Possession shall be at Liberty to exercise all such rowers, in the same Manner ase<ercifcthe fame.

if this Act had never b?en made.

IX. And whereas it may be highly beneficial to the Public, if Proprietors of entailed Estates were encouraged to lay out Money in inclosing, planting, or draining, or in erecting Farm-houses, and Offices or Out-buildings for the same, upon their entailed Lands and Heretages: And where- as such Proprietors may be induced and encouraged so to do, if they, their Executors and Af- signs, were secured in recovering a reasonable Satisfaction, for the Money expended in making

such Improvements, from the succeeding Heirs of Entail;’ be it therefore enacted by the Autho- Pj0PnetorIly‘n?°ut rity aforesaid, That every Proprietor of an entailed Estate who lays out Money in inclosing, plant- of Enlre^to'kcTcvdU ing, or draining, or in erecting Farm-houses, and Offices or Out-buildings for the same, for the for to luccre.i n Heir Improvement of his Lands and Heretages, shall be a Creditor to the succeeding Heirs of Entail for for Three Fourths Three Fourth Parts of the Money laid out in making the said Improvements, thereof.

X. Provided always, That the Sum or Sums of Money laid out upon such Improvements, by Provided the fac do not any One Heir of Entail during his or her Possession, shall not, in any Case^ wh tever, be effectual atteTDeduOion to constitute a Claim against the succeeding Heir of Entail, for more than Four Years free Rent of of Burdens,&c.U ' " the said entailed Estate, after Deduction of all publick Burdens, Life-rents, and Interests of Debts,

which may acted the said Estate, as the same shall happen to be at the First Term of Whitsunday after the Death of the Heir who expended the Money claimed.

XL. Provided also, That every Proprietor of an entailed Estate, whd intends to lay out Money Propriety Intending nj on such Improvements, shall. Three Months at least before he begins to execute the same, give No- lay cu: on In:

tice in Writing to the Heir of Entail next intitled to succeed to the said Estate after the Heirs of the ^/thereof Body of the said Proprietor, if within Great Britain or Ireland, and if the Heir next intituled to succeed is not within Great Britain or Ireland, shall give Notice in Writing to the neared male Relation by his Father cf lawful Age, or to his known Fador or Attorney, of such his Intention, specify- with sh«!ft*or PStcwaid ingin such Notice the Kind of Improvement intended, and the Farms or Parts of the Estate upon cieik; which the Improvements are intended to be made; and shall lodge a Copy thereof with the Sheriff or Steward Clerk of the County wherein the Lands lie.

XII. Provided likewise. That the Proprietor of an entailed Estate, who lays out Money in mak- and Ijy‘ng °ut Money ing Improvements upon his entailed Estate, with an Intent of being a Creditor to the succeeding c^ltonftcntto become Heirs of Entail in the Manner above expressed, shall annually, during the making such Improve-

ments, within the Space of Four Months after the Term of Martinmas, lodge with the Sheriff or Steward Clerk of the County within which the Lands and Heretages improved are situated, an Ac- to lod annuany count of the Monty expended by him in such Improvement during Twelve Months proceeding the shrriffor Seward that Term o f Martinmas, subscribed by him, with the Vouchers by which the Account is to be clerk; an Account of supported when Payment shall be demanded or (ued for. Money expended, &c.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when a Sum equal to Four Years free Renf Heirof Enrail Uying out shall have been laid o rt, in Manner above-mentioned, by One or more Heir or Heirs of Entail, Years Ore Rent, ard shall remain a subsisting Charge against the succeeding Heirs; it shall not be lawful for any subsequent Heir not subsequent Heir or Hein to lay out any more Money under the Authority of this Act, for any of say out more.

the Improvements afore-mentioned. '

XIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sheriff or Stewart Clerks, with cicrkt towtoid* whom the Accounts, Vouchers, and Copies of Notice shall be lodged, shall, within the Space of Voucher?,

One Month thereafter, record them in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, and return them when and fnaJc* c 4 called for; and shall make the Book patent to all Persons desirous to see the same; and shall give thereof, certified Copies or Extracts of all Accounts, Vouchers, and Copies of Notice recorded, they receiv- Fccs furthe ramr ing for their Trouble the usual Fevs for recording Writings and giving out Extracts, and Sixpence Stn!ing from each Person who shall have Inspection of the Book wherein the Accounts, Vouchers, x

and Copies of Notice shall he recorded.

XV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Executor or Executors, Assignee Suerrflive claim* n»v or Assignsj or other Person or Persons, having Right to the Claim arising from Money expended wui'fnr M ,r'

by the Proprietor of an entailed Estate rn the improvement thereof, may after the Expiration of One Pended» Wllh lnre, crt« Year from the Death of the Heir who expended the Money, require the Heir next succeeding to r

the Elhtc, to pay such Part thereof as is due by the Authority of this Act, with the legal Interest, from the Term at which the succeeding Heir's Right to the Rents of the Estate did commence, i:pon receiving a proper Discharge ami Alignment of the said Claim; and if the Money is not paid 0nNorP, Tmrnr with!, within I hree Months of Inch Kequmtion, it shall then he lawful for the rerion or persons having. j^onths,‘Action m»y _Righr, to institute no Action in the Court of Session against the Heir then in Possession, for com- be in jured agamit Heir peliing him to pay the Monty, and Interest thereof; and upon obtaining a Decree, he, she, or «n Poiirihon. thty shall be at Liberty to use every Kind of Diligence or Execution, authorised by the Law of Scot-fond in recovering Payment of Debts, excepting Adjudication against: the entailed Estate improved; PerCon* r>bt.vn;n(;peon d in all Questions of Competition for the Rents of the Entailed Estate, the Person or Persons who ro i.‘a\efp, ucrcnc^ have filed for and obtained a Decree under the Authority of this Act, or the Person or Persons bav- °'ohtr rC3'‘ar>*

A.D. 1770.

y86 C. 51. Anno decimo Georgii III.

ing Right to such Decree, fha.ll be preferred to the other Creditors of the Heir of Entail who has succeeded to the Efface.

Heir n>cd for Money due

XVI. Provided always, That when any Heir in Possession is sued for the Money due on account for improvements, to be Gf Improvements made upon an entailed Estate, under the Authority of this A£, he shall be dif-

cases ffom such Suit, upon his assigning and effectual iy conveying to the Creditor or of cImiRents,1&c. " Creditors One Third Part of the clear Rents of the entailed Estate, during his Life, or until the Money so due (half thereby be paid off and discharged.

XVII. And whereas it may happen that the Heir of Entail, who next succeeds the Proprietor who expended the Money in the improvement of the entailed Estate, may die, before the Money 4 d ie by him on account of Improvements made upon the Estate is paid, by which the Person or Persons in the Right of the Money due may be embarrassed in recovering Payment: For Remedy whereof,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person or Persons in the Right of the Money due, may sue the Money due, may either sue the Heirs and Successors of the said next Heir of Entail in any other Heirs of nrxr He.r, or than the emailed Estate, or the Heir of Entail next succeeding to him, or both, and use every Kind fteir next fuelling, Gf Diligence or Execution, authorised by the Law of Scotland in the recovering Payment of Debts, against them and their Estates, excepting Adjudication against the entailed Estate, until the Money »nd, m Competin'n,« <juc j$ fully satisfied and pai<j. and the Person or Persons in the Right of the Money due shall, in

Persons in the R'glvtr.f

shall be preferred to personal CieJitor?,

and like wife succeeding Heiir,

with like Preference.

R-lief, competent to focerffivr Heirs, to the Extent of One Third Tailor the Renta.

Hein of Entail, Sec. sued

Axil be discharged, on Payment of One Third 1f their Reau.

any Competition for the Rents of the entailed Estates, be preferred to the personal Creditors of the Heir of Entail in Possessioff; and the Person or Persons in the Right of the Money due, in like Manner shall be intitled to sue every succeeding Heir of Entail, until the Money is satisfied and paid; and shall have the same Preference to the Rents of the entailed Estate in Competition, with the Creditors of such Heirs of Entail.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Heir who next

succeeds in the entailed Estate to the Proprietor who expended the Money- under the Authority of this Act, m making Improvements upon the Estate, and the Heirs and Successors of such Heir, shall be bound to relieve all subsequent Heirs of all or such Parts of the Debt, incurred by the Improvement of the Estate under the Authority of this Act, as shall be paid by them, to the extent of One Third Part of the Rents which have come to the Use of such first succeeding Heir, or to the Use of his Heirs or Executors; and wher* the Third Part of the Rents which have come to the Use of the first succeeding Heir, or to his Heirs or Executors, are exhausted, then the next succeeding Heir, and his Heirs and Successors, shall in like Manner be bound to relieve ajl subsequent Heirs, to the Extent of One Third Part of the Rents which have come to their Use; and Relief shall in like Manner be competent to every succeeding Heir who shall pay, against the Heirs and Successors of the preceding Heir. '

XIX. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when the Heirs and ^account ot Improve- Successors of an Heir of Entail, in any other than the entailed Estate, are sued for the Money due

c on account of Improvements made upon an entailed Estate under the Authority of this Act, they shall be discharged in all Cases from such Suits, upon making Payment of One Third Part of the Rents of the entailed Estate which have come to the Use of such Heir of Entail, or to the Use of his said Heirs or Successors.

XX. And whereas Inconveniencies and Confusion might arise from the Executor, Assignee, or other Person or Persons having Right to the Claim arising from Money expended by the rroprie- for of an entailed Estate in the Improvement thereof, their not timeously requiring the Heir next succeeding in the Estate to pay what they are intitled to receive by Authority of this Act, and fu- ing such Heir to compel him to pay, if Payment is not made: For Remedy whereof,* be it enact-

- ed by the Authority aforesaid, That the Executor, Assignee, or other Person or Persons having Right to the Claim arising from Money expended by the Proprietor of an entailed Estate in the Improve-y *- ment thereof, shall be obliged, within the Space of Two Years after the Death of the Proprietor

who expended the Money, to require Payment from the succeeding Heir; and within the Space of Six Months after the Elapse of the said Two Years to institute an Action if the Money is not paid, in the Court of Session; and to proceed without Delay in recovering a Decree for the Sum due, and doing exact Diligence for recovering Payment thereof, or at least to the Amount of One Third Part of the free Kents of the Estate which shall have become due to such succeeding Heir.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Execotor, Assignee, or other Person or Persons, having Right to the Claim arising from Money expended by the Proprietor of an entailed Estate, who shall neglect to require the next, or any other succeeding Heir or Heirs to pay, and shall allow such succeeding Heir or Heirs to die without recovering Pay-

to fobfrquent Hairs for ment from him or them to the Amount of One Third Part at least, of the Rents that shall have such Sum; become due to such Heir or Heirs, shall ccafe to be Creditor to the subsequent succeeding Heir or

betccoverTM^lTyfrom ^e'rs respectively, to the Extent of One Third Part of the Rents which shall have become due to £xfcutor«, &c. of the Heir or Heirs so deceasing as aforesaid; and shall be intitled to recover Payment of his Claim Hein, &c. to the Extent of such Third Part of the Rents, from the Executors or Heirs only of the first or any

aodSurplus, from subse- other succeeding Heir or Heirs, in any other Estate than the entailed Estate; and shall be intitled ^uent iuccecding Hcirj. to recover Payment of the Surplus of his Claim, if any be, and no more, from the subsequent succeeding Heir or Heirs respectively.

XXII. And whereas it may happen that the Heir, who next succeeds to the Proprietor whoex- pended Money in making Improvements upon an entailed Estate, may pay all or Part of the Money due on account of such Improvements, and may not live so long as to be indemnified by the Third Part of the Rents which shall come to his Use- or to the Use of his Heirs or Execu-

‘ 4 tors*<

Claimant of Money ex-

2 Year* after his De-ceale, of succeeding Heir s

and on Nonpayment so 6 Months, to inftnute Action, See.

but neglecting so to do, and not recovering One Third Parr of Rents,

Sec. before his Decease, .

shall ceufe to be Creditor HeiT or H

' a

a. n.

177°.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

C.

5r<

787

tors be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Heir who first succeeds in Heir r°cceed

the entailed Estate to the Proprietor who expended the Money, does pay all or Part of the Money be7» "emmL^d t'orh due on account of the Improvements made, and shall not live lone enough to be indemnified of what w°hJ c or

he pays by One Third Pant of the Rents that shall come to his Use, or to the Use of his Heirs or

Executors; it shall be competent to his Executors or Assigns to sue the succceding Heir of Entail bl3 Ex1ecurol7 ma7r,*e _ for Relief of such Part of the Money as shall not be repaid by the Third Part of the Rents which ‘^Relief, &c. °T have come to his Use, or to the Use of his Heirs or Executors; and Relief shall in like Manner L,ke Relief to Execu-be competent to the Executors or Assigns of every Heir of Entail who pays more than is repaid by for, cot every°Heir who the Third Part of the Rents which have come to his Use, or to the Use of his Heirs and Executors, is not repaid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Money expended in male- Money ex;CndeH in

ing Improvements upon an entailed Estate, for which a Decree shall be obtained in the Court of making improvement*, Session, shall be made use of as a Ground of Debt for adjudging the Estate upon which the Improve- not lobenudenfe of« meats have been made; and if any Decree of Adjudication shall be obtained against the entailed ^loundofDcbt lor ad-Estate for such Debts, fevery such Decree shall and is hereby declared to be void. JU atcl*

XXIV. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Heir of Entail who shall Heir of Entail fuccerd-

succeed to an entailed Efta e upon which Improvements have been made, shall have Right to a ,n8to Ef>atc uP£n w,ucI% Claim of D.bt and lg from the making of such Improvements as next of Kin, or by the Will or avc

Settlements of the H^ir of Entail who expended the Money; in every such Case, the Claim of Debt excluded from making shall and is her by declared to be extinguished for ever, and shall never be set up as a Debt against*Claim of Debt.

any succeed ng Heir.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Heir of Entail, against On jndpmcm obnin-d whom a Debt is created for Improvements made on the entailed Estate to which he succeeds, shall oVbi'created im-lC refuse to pay the Money required of him under the Authority of this Act, and that Decrees shall proVCmemft

be obtained against him for the Whole of the Sum or Sums of Money of which he shall be requir- Defender to be liable in cd to make Payment; in every such Case the Defender shall be liable in full Costs of Suit; and if fall Coils j if otherwise. Decree is not obtained for the full Sum or Sums of Money of which Payment has been required. Court to award Custm it shall be in the Discretion of the Court to award Costs of Suit to cither Party, as the Justice of Ul crc lon‘ the Case shall direct.

XXVI. And whereas Questions may arise concerning the Amount of the Sums laid out under the Authority of this Act, at a great Distance of Time, when the materia) Witnesses may be dead:

For Remedy whereof, and for ascertaining, in due Time, the Amount of the Sums so expended;' Heir of Entail, «fterh«v. be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for every Heir of Entail, after he mall have ing completed’improve-laid out Money upon the Improvement of his entailed Estate as aforesaid, and shall have completed ments, may bring Adbon the Improvement of all or any particular Part of such Estate, to bring, if he shall think proper, an of Declarator, &c. Action of Declarator before the Court of Session* or a Process before the Sheriff, in which he shall and produce Evidence of call the Heir next intitled to succeed after the Heirs of his own Body, and shall in such Suit pto- Money Did out. duce proper Evidence of the Money laid out in such Improvements; and the said next Heir, or any f other Heir of Entail, shall be intitled to produce proper Evidence to set aside or diminish the said m^feree whl’t Sum Claim: And it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Session, or for the said Sheriff, to null be a Charge oa Cue-pronounce a Decree for such Part of the said Sum, as, by the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, cecding Heir*, &c. is intended to become a Charge against the succeeding Heirs in the said entailed Estate; which Decree, if pronounced by the Sheriff, shall become final, unless carried to the Court of Session determined by Suf-pension within Six Months after the same shall have been pronounced; and if pronounced by the Court of Session, either in such Process of Declarator or Suspension, shall be final, if an Appeal is not brought within Twelve Months.

XXVII. And whereas it frequently happens that there are not, upon entailed Estates, Manfioo-

houses and Offices suitable to the Estates, and fit for the Accommodation of the Heirs of Entail; and that Manlion-houses and Offices upon entailed Estates are some trtnes destroyed by Fire, or from

other accidental causes, or become insufficient by Length of Time; and it being beneficial to the,

Public to encourage Heirs of Entail, in such cases, tc> build Houses and Offices suitable to their M^nfiou-house *T. to* 4 Estates, and fit for the Accommodation of their Families ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority be a Creditor tofucceed-aforesaid, That every Heir of Entail who lays out Money in building a Mansion-house or Offices, or »ng Heir for Three in repairing or adding to the Mansion-house or Offices upon his Estate, shall be a Creditor to the Fourth Pjru°fthe next fuccectling Heir of Entail for Three Fourth Parts of the Money expended by him. 1

XXVIII. Provided always, That the Sum or Sums of Money laid out by any One Heir of En- but the * not tail, in the building a Mansion-house or Offices, or in the repairing or adding to the Mansion- cxcc'd 4 Year!Rr"r* houses or Offices, shall not, in any Case whatever, be effectual to constitute a Claim against the fuc- caJ> c‘ c’ ceeding Heir of Entail for more than Two Years Rent of the said entailed Estate, after Deduction

of all Publick Burdens, Life Rents, and Interests of Debts, which may affett the said Estate, as the same shall happen to be at the First Term of Whitsund:y after the Deatlvof the Heir who expended the Money claimed.

XXIX. Provided also, That the Proprietor of the entailed Estate, who lays out the Money, shall, Vroyuctot^ hying ot

previous thereto, give Notice in Writing to the Heir of Entail next intitled to succeed to the said to»:'e cc»

'Estate after the Heirs of his own Body; and record Copies of the same, together with the Accounts of the Money expended, and the Vouchers thereof, in the Sheriff or Steward Court Books of the *ndrecofd Copie* ihwc-County within which the Mansion-houses and Offices are situated, in the Form and Manner aboveut* directed with regard to Monies expended in making Improvements upon entailed Estates.

y88

C. 51, 52. Anno decitnb Georgii III.

A.D.

1770.

l‘erson«ha^»g R:Rht to

XXX. And be it enacted by thfr Authority aforesaid, That the Executor or Executor*, Assignee pendTd °determined by^roCyrirtor in or Assignees, or other Person or Persons having Right to the Claim arising from Money expended fct.ildin* Manfinn-Von/e, ky l^e Proprietor of an entailed Estate, in the building a Mansion-house or Office;., or in the rear. miy, within a Year pairing or adding to the Mansion-house or Offices.upon his Estate, may* after the Expiration of afr.! Hece.ifr, retire One Year from the Death of the Heir who expended the Money, require the Heir next ficceeding to the Estate to pay the Whole, or such Part thereof as is due by the Authority of this Act, wirh the legal Interest from the Term at which the succeeding Heir's Right to the Rents of the Estate did commence, upon receiving a proper Discharge and Assignment of the said Claim; and if the Money is not paid within Three Months of such Requisition, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons having Right, to sue the next succeeding Heir, in the Manner above directed for the reco-

tteir succeeding t ? pay the Whole, with I11-terest;

and on Non-payment for 3 Months, may (uc<

'Ruleeenacted

vering of Money expended in the Improvement of entailed Estates. withrefpea

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 1

That the same Rules of Relief a-

Lr. 1 r'ovemlon\\me^ended mon£ succeeding Heirs of Entail, and their Heirs and Successors, of the Claim of Debt, and of Pre-to claims here me*- Terence in Competition for Rents, and in subjecting Defenders to the Payment of Costs, and for af-

one4, certaing the Amount of the Sum laid out, shall take place with regard to Monies expended in the

building, repairing, or adding to the Mansion-houses 01 Offices upon entailed Estates under the Authority of this A<S, as are before enacted, with respect to Monies expended by Proprietors of entailed Estates, in making Improvements upon their Estates for increasing the Rents and Value of them.

XXXII. And whereas it may frequently happen, that the inclosing of Lands in Scotland may be retarded or prevented, or at least rendered inconvenient, by Heirs of Entail not having it in their

Power to exchange small Parcels of the Lands of their entailed Estates for other Lands convenient for the entailed Estate, and more conducive to the Improvement of the Country in general: For Remedy whereof,' be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for Proprietors of entailed Estates to exchange or make Exchanges of Land, with all and every Person or Persons, for the Conveniency and Advantage of the said Estates, and for the Improvement of the Country where such Estates are situated, by inclosing or otherways.

XXXIII. Provided, That not more than Thirty Acres of Arable Land, nor more than One hundred Acres of Lands consisting of hills or other Grounds incapable or improper by their Nature for

for which tn Equivalent Culture by the Plough, of such entailed Estates, lying together in One Place or Plot, shall be given h to bem.ide from in Exchange; and that an Equivalent in Land, contiguous to the entailed Estate with which the

Exchange is to be made, shall be received in Place of the Land given in Exchange: And for ascertaining and adjusting the Value of the Lands proposed to be exchanged, an Application shall be made for that Purpose, by the Proprietor of the entailed Estate, to the Sheriff' or Steward of the County within which the entailed Estate is situated, who thereupon shall appoint Two or more skilful Persons to inspect and adjust the Value of the Lands proposed to be excaipbea or exchanged; and upon such Persons settling the Marches of the Lands proposed to be exchanged, and reporting.upon Oath that the Exchange will be and equal, the Sheriff or Steward may, and is hereby required to authorise the Exchange to be made by a Contract of Excambimv; and which being executed and re- corded in the Sheriff or Steward Books within Three Months after the Execution thereof, the same shall be effectual to all Intents and Purposes; and the Land given in Exchange to the entailed Estate shall be held to be a Part thereof, and shall be subject to all the prohibitory^ irritant, and refo-lutiveClauses of the Entail, in the same Manner as if it had been originally a Part of the Estate; and the Lands given from the entailed Estate shall from thenceforth be held as out of the Entail, and be liberated from all the prohibitory, irritant, and resolutive Clauses thereof.

TMt Act to extend to

XXXIV. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall ail Tallies madein extend to, and comprehend, all Tallies of Lands or Heritages in that Part oif Great Britain called Scotland, whether prior Scotland, made or to be made, and whether prior pr posterior to the said Act fmdc in the Year One r posterior to the Act thousand six hundred and eighty-five. ;J

£1685.]

CAP. LII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein cuciuioned for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy and for further appropriating the Supplies granted ip this Session of Parliaments E X.Ps

"Proprietor* of entailed Xftates impowered to exchange Landi:

Limitation of Quantity to be exchanged;

Lands contiguous. Value of Land* exchanged, how to bead-justed,

and Property thereof determined.

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III.

7*9

C. 53-

CAP. LIII.

An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Thirty-firrt; Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for Relief of CoaUheavers working upon the River Thames; and for enabling them to make Provision for such of themselves as shall be ftck, lame, or fast their Labour, and for their Widows and Orphans \ and to regulate the Trice ol their Labour; to prevent Frauds and Impositions on such Labourers; and for their further Relief.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Coal-heavers wording upon the River Thames; and for enabling tbrm to make a Provision jor such of themselves as shall be Jtck, lame, or paJl 4 their Labour, and for their JVidozvs and Orphans; hath been found ineffectual to answer the good Purposes thereby intended; and for want of due Regulation in Payment of the Wages and Hire of the Paid Coal-heavers, being Labourers employed in unloading Ships laden with Coals, great Impositions and Frauds have been committed by Coal-undertakers, being Persons employed to procure Coal-heavers to unload such Ships on the River Thames; whereby such Coal-heavers have been deprived of great Part of the Fruits of their Labour, by means whereof great Disturbances and Inconveniencies have arisen: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; After 24 June, 1773V 4 and' be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the At\f 31 Gto'.z* the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by c. 76- mf printed in the* the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand jU/u^a°lle^Td°f pub' seven hundred and seventy, the Paid A cl, and every Part thereof, shall be and ftaiul repealed. c 5# rcpca c

II. And be it further enacted, That no Coal-undertaker shall take, receive, or demand, of or Coal undertaker! not to from any Coal-heaver, any Sum or Sums of Money, or other valuable Thing whatsoever, as or for h^v^r?between Commission, or as a Reward or Gratuity in procuring such Coal-heaver to be employed in unload- London eTi?anT* ing Ships loaded with Coals between London Bridge and Greenuichy nor by or under Pretence of Greenwich, on penalty furnishing Shovels or other Tools for that Purpose, or by or under any other Pretence or Claim ot'51. and Incapacity, whatsoever, under the Penalty of Five Pounds for every Offence, and of being rendered for ever

thereafter incapable of exercising the Trade or Business of a Coal-undertaker;

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Coal-undertaker, before he CoaI-nndrrt.<k<T to

shall undertake to procure Coal-heavers to unload any such Ship loaden with Coals as aforesaid, shall take the following Oatfcw take and subscribe the following Oath before the Lord Mayor, or one of the Aldermen of the City }

of London; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear. That I will well and truly exercise the Business of a Coal-undertaker; and that ’

1 folong as I shall continue to exercise that Business, I will in all Things conform myself to the Directions of an Act of Parliament made in the Tenth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Thirty-fit ft Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for Relief of the Coal-heavers working upon the River Thames; and for enabling them ta make Provision for such of themselves as shall be ft« k, lame, or past their Labour, and for their Widows and Orphans; and to regulate the Price of their Labour; *

to prevent Frauds and Impoficions on such Labourers j ^nd for their further Relief.

'So help me GOD / 1

Upon pain of forfeiting for every Ship loaden with Coals, for the Discharge of which he shall under'- Penalty on "

take to procure Coal-heavers, the Sum of Five Pounds; which said Oath shall be inrolled among Oath to bc jnro;led| ’J the Records of the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London aforesaid., *

IV. And be it further enacted, That no such Coal-undertaker shall be a Victualler, or concerned vi£huil<*rs, not tt>

directly or indirectly, either in his own Name or in the Name of any other Person, or by way of aft as Coal-undertaker*, Partnership or Agreement, to receive any P^rt of the Profits of such Trade, or in any other Manner 1

in the selling Bread, Meat, or other Eatables, Wine, Beer, or Spirituous Liquors, or other Drink

of any Kind or Species whatsoever, or of Tobacco, upon pain of forfeiting the Sum of Five 5 an*'tk

Pounds, and of being rendered incapable for ever of exercising the said Business of a Coal-underta- nc*p’, Uky'

ker: And if any such Coal-undertaker after Conviction, and being adjudged to pay such last mentioned Penalty, or the Penalty herein before inflicted for taking, receiving, or demanding any Sum or Sums of Money, or other valuable Thing whatsoever, ns Commission, or ns a Rcwaid or Gratuity for procuring Coal-heavers to be employed in unloading Ships loaden with Coals, {h ill again undertake to procure Coal-heavers to unload Ships loaden with Coals 7 such Offender shall, for every Ship loaden in Part or in the Whole with Coals, which he shall, after such Conviction and rubfcc*u'ss

Adjudication, undertake to procure Coal-heavers to unload, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds. r '

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Twenty- fourth Personj dischargfrg 1 Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, there shall be one fixed and settled Price Coal-ship* to beatf©vv»d for the Hire or Labour of all such Persons as shall be employed in discharging Ships or Vessels loaded "0^,0"fo^rcaLcr W-with Coal in the River Thames, videlicet. One Shilling and Sixpence per bcore, and no more, and r7ir<n uTniicj|rMter L lQ

---

790 C. 53. Anno decimo Georgii III. A. D. 1770.

[Owner, &c. paying greater or less Price forfeits 10s. for each offence.]

so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity; and if any Captain or Owner, or other Person or Persons having the Care of any such Ship or Vessel, shall pay, or caude to be paid, directly or indirectly, to any Gang of Coal-heavers, or separate Coal-heaver, or to any other Person or Persons whomsoever, any greater or less Sum or Hire or Wages than is hereby directed or appointed as aforesaid; such Person or Persons shall, for each Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings;

[Exception.]

except such Price or Wages for Labour shall be altered by virtue of this Act in the Manner herein-after directed.

[Court of Mayor and Aldermen may annually in January, alter the said Price;]

---

to which A'trration all Per Tons are tocofitoim. After Ship shall be unloaded, Mailer, See. to pay I. the Foreman of the Gan^, the Money clue for unloading; and Foieman to pay to each Man h*3 Share. If Money not paid on Demand, Comp’aint may be made to Lord Mayor, Set* who may determine the same,

and cause the Debt, with Colls (not exceeding tos.) to be levied by Difhefs.

For want of Diflref*,

Orf ndor to be committed.

Wage* of Coal-heavers to be paid in current Coin.

Coal-heav?r ’raving Ship before he is discharged,

to be punished in I ke Manner Labourcis leaving their Woik un-fimshed.

Captain nny employ his Own Maiii»ers in dischargingSh p of Coals, at the Price they shall agree upon; 01 Coal-heavers, or other Persons, paying them as directed by this Act.

All Penalties to gn to the Informer j to l.c recovered before Lord Mayor, or One Alderman;

and levied determined by Distress.

For want ot Distref*, Offender to be committed.

Deputes to be determined by Lord Mayor, or One Alderman,

in like Manner as Disputes between Mailers and Servant* in Husbandry

Exception.

so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity; and if any Captain or Owner, or other Person or Persons having the Care of any such Ship or Vessel, shall pay, or cause to be paid, directly or in-direct, to any Gang of Coal-heavers, or separate Coal-heaver, or to any other Person or Persons whomsoever, any greater or less Sum or Hire or Wages than is hereby directed or appointed as aforesaid; such Person or Persons shall, for each Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings; except such Price or Wages for Labour shall be altered by v irtue of this Act in the Manner herein after directed.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Court held in the City of London, commonly called The Court of Lord Mayer and Aldermen, is hereby authorised and impowered, in the Month of jahuary in every Year, to alter, as they shall judge it necessary and convenient, the Price, Sum of Money, Pay, or Wages, hereby directed to be paid to such Persons *as shall be employed in discharging Ships or Vessels loaded ^with Coals as aforesaid; to which Alterations all Persons shall conform themselves, under the Penalties hereby directed and inflicted.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Captain or Matter of a Ship or Vessel, loaden or to beloaden with Coals, his Agent or Factor, or Agents or Factors, shall, after his Ship shall be unloaded within the Limits aforesaid, pay or cause to be paid on Demand to the Foreman of the Gang, who shall have been employed to unload the same, or to such other Person as he shall appoint, all and every Sum or Sums of Money due for unloading such Ship; and such Foreman of the said Gang, after he shall have received such Sum or Sums of Money, shall pay or cause to be paid to each of the said Gang, which shall be employed in unloading such Ship, his Share of such Sum or Sums of Money: And if such Sum or Sums of Money shall, in either Case, not be paid and satisfied on Demand, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person so aggrieved, to apply and complain to the Lord Mayor, or any One of the Aldermen of the City of London aforesaid, for Redress; who shall and may, with all convenient Speed, hear the said Complaint and determine the same: And if such Captain or Matter of any Ship or Vessel shall be adjudged indebted to the Gang complaining, who shall have been employed to unload the same Ship or Vessel; or such Foreman of the said Gang shall be adjudged indebted to the said Gang, or any of them complaining; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord Mayor or Aldermen before whom such Complaint shall be heard, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, forthwith, and without Delay, to cause such Debt, together with the Costs and Charges attending such Complaint, not exceeding Twenty Shillings, as such Mayor or Aldermen shall judge reasonfible, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person indebted; and for want of such Distress, or sufficient Distress, to commit him to either of the Compters within the said City, there to remain until such Debt, Costs and Charges shall be fully paid and satisfied.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Wages and Hire of Coal-heavers shall he paid by the Matters or Owners of Ships, or their Agents, to the Foreman of the Gang, and by him divided among the said Coal-heavers, in current Coin, and not by way of Barter or Exchange, in any Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Meat, Drink, or Materials for Wearing Apparel, under the Penalty of Five Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Coal-heaver employed in

discharging or unloading any Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, shall leave the Ship before (he be fully discharged, not being obliged thereto by Sickness or other Accident, and not being prevented from working by any Neglect or Default of the Matter or Owner of such Ship, or the Officers appointed to attend the Delivery thereof; every Person so offending shall be liable to be punished in the same Manner as other Labourers are, by Law, liable to be punished for leaving their Work unfinished or unperformed.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for every Captain or Matter of a Ship or Vessel loaden or to beloaden with Coals within the Limits aforesaid, to employ his own Mariners in discharging his said Ship or Vessel, and to pay them as he and they shall agree; or to procure Coal-heavers or other Persons to discharge the same, upon paying such Coal-heavers or other Persons the Payor Wages by this Act directed and intended to be paid to Coal-heavers.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Penalty and Penalties in this Act mentioned and contained, shall go to the Informer; and shall be recovered before the Lord Mayor, or any one of the Aldermen of the City of London; and be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Mayor or Alderman before whom the same shall be recovered; and for want of such Distress, or sufficient Distress, such Offender shall, for every Offence, be committed by the said Lord Mayor, or any One of the Aldermen of the said City of London, to either of the Compters of the said City, for any Term or Space not exceeding Thirty nor less than Fifteen Days.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Disputes and Differences that shall or may at any Time or Times, during the Continuance of this Act, be or arise between any Captain or Matter of any Ship or VeflU loaden with Coals, the said Coal-undertakers or Coal-heavers, or two or more of them, within the Limits aforesaid, shall be adjudged and determined before the said Lord Mayor, or any One of the Aldermen of the said City of London, and before no other Court or Courts, Magistrates or Magistrate whatsoever, in the same Manner as Disputes and Differences between Matters ^and Servants in Husbandry are, by Law, directed to be adjudged and determined, and no othervAife; except in Cases where such Matters are or shall be altered, or otherwise provided for by this Act.

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 53. 791

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons Personi aggrieved may shall think himself or themselves aggrieved by any Adjudication or Determination of the Lord Mayor,*Jjgt® lhe Quarter* or any One of the Aldermen of the said City of London; it shall and may be lawful to and for such c 10n8,

Person or Persons so aggrieved, to appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said City of London, or any Adjournment thereof, for Redress, whose Determination shall be

final; which Court is hereby authorised and impowered to award Costs not exceeding Forty Shil- deter«ine*

lings, either to the Complainant or Defendant, as-such Court shall think just and reasonable; and to award Costs not

cause the same to be levied and paid as Debts are herein before directed to be levied and paid. exceeding 40s.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of Sixpence in the Foreman of every Gang

Pound shall be stopped and deducted by the Foreman of every Gang out of the several Sums of Money may ftoP6d« in the so to be paid for the Hire and Wages of Coal-heavers so discharging such Ships or Vessels as aforesaid; ^yers^w^ef0^ and the Money so stopped and aedufted shall from Time to Time be paid to Charles Martyn, or 8ea

Jermyn Street, Saint James's Gentleman, or such Person or Persons as he shall direct, until the full

Sum of Three hundred Pounds shall be fully paid and satisfied, for paying and discharging the Costs, ward^xpenceof ob-Charges, and other Expences incurred in obtaining and passing this Act; and the several Foremen taining this a a. shall be answerable to the said Charles Martyn for the same; and the same shall be from Time to Time, in case of Neglect or Refusal of Payment, levied and enforced in such Manner as is directed On Non-payment, may> with respect to the Debts due from Masters of Ships, or their Agents, to Coal-heavers. levied

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action shall be brought Limitation of Action*. or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done in pursuance of this Act,

[General Issue.]

then, and in such Case, such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be brought, laid, and tried in the City'of London, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence at any

Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, Suit or Suits;

---

[Treble Costs.]

or if upon Verdict or Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cases by Law.

[Public Act.]

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever without specially pleading the same.

[This Act to be in force for 3 Years, &c.]

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall remain and continue to be in Force for the Term or Space of Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

[Index removed.]

